Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Seattle, WA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA As a Cloud Developer Programs Engineer (DPE), you stand at the intersection of a technology movement shaping our world - between the people who build it and the customers who use it. Developer Programs Engineers (DPEs) are the engineering wing of Developer Relations. We ensure that Google Cloud and related open source projects like Kubernetes, Beam and TensorFlow are amazing for developers. As "customer zero" we're the first developers to use upcoming services. We provide feedback on API design, platform consistency and functionality. We write sample code and work with our technical writing teams to produce developer documentation, quickstarts and tutorials. We release open source code, participate in developer forums and help troubleshoot developer problems. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Write sample code, client libraries and other developer tools to improve the developer experience of using Google’s platforms and APIs. Assist third party developers in troubleshooting their integrations with Google APIs and use of other Google developer products. Manage and participate in developer discussion forums, and work to address issues raised in these forums. Build strong ecosystem for developer products by blogging, writing technical articles, making presentations at developer conferences and working with local and international developer communities. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 3 years of experience in Engineering or Programming Programming experience in two or more of the following languages: Python, Java, Go, PHP, JavaScript (Node.js), C, Ruby and Objective-C. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field 6 years of relevant work experience. Experience as a contributor to an open source project. Experience developing on a cloud computing platform. Strong full-stack or back-end application development experience. Experience automating and scaling web or mobile back-ends At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.