General Information JOB TITLE: LEAD SATELLITE ATTENDANT B, Mozart Elementary, FNS FTE: 1.0 - 5 Hours/day Job Code: Satellite Attendant The cafeteria satellite attendant is a staff member who assumes the responsibilities and duties assigned by the director. REPORTS TO: FIELD COORDINATOR RESPONSIBILITIES: The related duties include: safe handling and preparation of food cleaning of service area presentation of food record keeping to ensure meal service accountability cashiering supervises work flow of other Satellite Attendants PERFORMANCE RESPONSIBILITIES: Collects statistics from administrative office or classroom for daily attendance, lunches (including teacher’s meals) and paid milk. Accepts deliveries of frozen and cold packs, milk and breakfast kits. Signs all delivery slips. Heats only the correct amount of frozen packs at the appropriate time and temperature for optimal quality end product. Presents meals for student pickup in a manner that is appropriate for that individual school. Attends training meetings as required by Director or Field Coordinators. Keeps accurate record of meal count using the cash management system. Completes all required paperwork and submits it at the required time. Operates equipment properly, maintaining safety standards at all times. Maintains pleasant working relations with fellow employees, custodians, administrators, teachers and students. Follow all policies of School Committee and instructions of Field Coordinator relating to safety, sanitation, personnel standards, work techniques and methods of performing duties. Reports to work as scheduled and signs posted timesheet. Cleans work area, equipment and tables as necessary. Works harmoniously with school administrators, custodians, and lunchroom monitors. Signs in and out for attendance according to principal’s procedures. Reports to satellite meetings and/or is responsible for carrying out procedures as required. Performs other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS - REQUIRED: High school Diploma or GED Must be Food Safety certified (ServSafe) Current authorization to work in the United States - Candidates must have such authorization by their first day of employment TERMS: Please refer to the Salary Information section on the Career Site for more information on compensation. Salaries are listed by Union and Grade/Step. This position subject to the City of Boston residency requirement. The Boston Public Schools, in accordance with its nondiscrimination policies, does not discriminate in its programs, facilities, or employment or educational opportunities on the basis of race, color, age, criminal record (inquiries only), disability, homelessness, sex/gender, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, genetics or military status, and does not tolerate any form of retaliation, or bias-based intimidation, threat or harassment that demeans individuals’ dignity or interferes with their ability to learn or work.