Job Title: SQL Database Administrator About the Opportunity: A well-established company in Happy Valley area of Phoenix, Arizona is actively seeking a Senior SQL Database Administrator. The ideal candidate will be comfortable owning the management of SQL Server 2016 and 2014. This is a project opportunity with a client that will require two months of initial design and future on-going maintenance. If you are looking for your next project don’t hesitate to apply below! Responsibilities: Database administration- backup and recovery, mirroring/high availability, replication, database migration, table partitioning, and index tuning Coding and optimization of SQL Server stored procedures and functions Configuring and tuning databases for high throughput Implementation of security best practices. Resolve production performance problems for developers. Assist developers and analysts resolve SQL Server application runtime errors and data problems. Design and implement production server security auditing and extended event based DDL change auditing. Build automation tools for SQL Server DBA work. Build a CLR Scalar-Valued Function to leverage existing.Net code for the developer. Design and implement checklists for DBA production processes to minimize errors. Prepare production capacity planning forecasts for managers to help determine when to acquire more servers. Analyze server utilization and migrated application workloads to prepare for production peak yearly traffic spikes. Serve as the technical lead for the production migration from SQL Server 2014 to 2016. Schedule Windows and SQL Server updates for production servers. Qualifications: At least five (5+) years of database development and administration Extensive experience with SQL Server 2014/2016 or later Experience with complicated database organizational structures, triggers, and stored procedures. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Microsoft certification a plus Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment _Interested in learning more? Please don’t hesitate to give us a call at (480)-887-8700 or visit our website_ _www.sayvasolutions.com_ _for more information, or follow our LinkedIn page for updates here:_ _https://www.linkedin.com/company/sayva-solutions_ _. If you are already working with a Sayva team member, contact them directly and they will be happy to discuss this opportunity in more detail._ _About Sayva:_ Sayva Technology provides consulting, contract to hire, and direct hire recruiting to support project and full-time placement needs. Our decades of combined industry experience has fostered a vast network and emphasis on efficiency, responsiveness, and quality results.