Job Summary: The Quality Control Manager is responsible for providing strategic and operational leadership for a high volume, order fulfillment, multi-shift distribution center. In this position you will administer all functions to ensure timely accurate product receipt, order fulfillment, and the optimization of resources and processes while operating within budget. You will develop and implement processes to ensure compliance with company policies/procedures, continual process improvement and drive employee initiatives to create and promote an environment where employees are involved, and committed to the success of the Company. Duties & Responsibilities: This position requires 5+ years “hands on” LEAN expert at the management level. Leads the organization’s Performance Improvement plan and Operational Efficiency initiatives; ensuring a data-driven and results oriented approach that supports successful execution of company strategic objectives. Educate department Supervisors and team members in identifying key performance improvement indicators, targeting opportunities for improvement, adopting best practice processes and successfully executing improvement initiatives. Actively participate in the recruitment and hiring process, to ensure staffing levels are maintained with quality talent. Provide leadership for large employee populations in non-exempt positions and direct reports in exempt positions that both maximize and optimize resources in support of the company’s goals and objectives in serving customers. Design and implement staffing strategies to ensure work force is flexible and can respond to variations in work flow. Effectively lead and develop the Process Managers and employees utilizing performance management tools to enhance performance and achieve individual as well as company goals. Ensure that the performance goals are set and achieved, through the proper execution of performance metrics as it relates to Productivity, Safety, Quality and Customer Service. Ensure productivity, safety, and quality goals are achieved through a process of continuous process improvement. Work closely with employees to communicate and educate on work instructions, policies, procedures and process improvement initiative. Ensure standardization and sharing of best-demonstrated practices with Operations, Distribution Center and as appropriate across the Distribution Centers. Ensure the company’s physical assets (building, equipment, inventory, etc.) are properly controlled, maintained, protected and utilized. Utilize process improvements to continually improve operational efficiencies. Develop LEAN training classes and implement policies and procedures to improve distribution center operations. Ensure superior customer service to customers and internal partners by delivering on shipping commitments to customers. Drive highest level of customer quality. Education & Experience: Bachelor’s degree in business, logistics, or a related field of study. 5+ Expertise with LEAN methodology and Continuous Improvement 5+ years previous management experience in a high volume distribution center operation Proven leadership skills Ability to develop and maintain positive employee, customer and cross-functional team relations Ability to effectively promote and lead change Strong interpersonal skills and excellent communication skills are required Insure compliance with Company, OSHA, DOT, and EPA regulations and power industrial equipment requirements. Demonstrated analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills with the ability to drive results. Position requires occasional travel to other DC’s, corporate offices, and field locations. Must be available to work a flexible schedule, including evenings, weekends and holidays. What we offer: Living Spaces offers a professional working environment that promotes teamwork, creativity, and supports individual growth and development. Living Spaces provides a team oriented retail environment. Living Spaces offers a competitive benefit package including medical, dental, and vision insurances, 401K, employee discount, company annual holiday party and picnic. Living Spaces is an E-Verify employer. EOE