Saint Josephs University’s Department of Decision and System Sciences has an ongoing need for highly qualified adjunct faculty to staff a variety of courses each semester. We seek candidates with a demonstrated interest in areas associated with business intelligence & analytics: decision support systems, database, data mining, data warehousing, OLAP, programming, dashboards, cyber analytics, statistics and/or business analytics. Experience using business intelligence application software is highly desirable. Professionals with experience in the above will be given preference. Part-time adjunct faculty may instruct 1 or 2 courses each semester on an “as needed” basis. Courses available for adjunct staffing are offered during the day and also in the evening. Courses available for adjunct staffing may include: Business Statistics, Business Analytics, Database, Data Mining, Contemporary Information Systems, Critical Performance Management, Data Mining, etc. More information about the department is available at: www.sju.edu/hsb/dss and http://www.sju-online.com/programs/business- intelligence-masters.asp. Duties and Responsibilities: Teach their course(s) either on campus or online; prepare course materials; participate in Assurance of Learning activities, and provide support and guidance to students. Secondary Responsibilities: Cooperating with course coordinators or other program faculty to assure quality and consistency across the program Minimum Requirements: Master’s Degree with demonstrated teaching or industry experience involving Statistics, Analytics, Business Intelligence, Operations Management, and/or Information Systems. Preferred Qualifications: Candidates who have prior teaching experience and who indicate a willingness to be flexible in class scheduling. Physical Requirements and/or Unusual Work Hours: May require standing for long periods of time, talking for long periods of time and carrying course materials. Additional Information: Position Classification: Faculty Union: None Number of direct reports to this position: 0 Number of indirect reports to this position: Department: 222030 - Decision & System Sciences Date Open to Internal Applicants: 06/14/2018 Date Open to External Applicants: 06/14/2018 Job Close Date: 05/31/2019 Open Until Filled No Open to: Internal and External Applicants