This is an opportunity to learn and grow in an exciting, evolving research environment. The role will be responsible for the day-to-day management and analysis of audience data. Analyze and interpret ratings data across the NBCU Owned Television Stations division to support our sales organization which includes our NBC, Telemundo, NBC Sports Regional Networks, COZI and digital properties Create and maintain station sales estimates based on Nielsen ratings Estimate the performance of new programming, sports and special properties across markets Support Sales team in the development of insights and presentations to engage advertisers and their agencies Conduct analyses to understand the consumer and establish competitive advantages Qualifications/Requirements Bachelor’s degree At least one to two years’ experience in research, advertising, or in a media outlet Expert Microsoft Excel user (e.g. pivot tables, lookups, macros, advanced formatting) Desired Characteristics Familiarity with Nielsen ratings (including applicable software) and other syndicated media research sources such as Scarborough, Simmons, and Kantar Brings a fresh perspective to departmental reporting, helping to position in a creative and concise manner Highly organized and detail oriented, with ability to work under pressure, handle multiple projects and meet tight deadlines Effective analytical skills, able to analyze qualitative and quantitative data with client needs in mind Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well within a team and with management and sales staff Experience with creating and maintaining station sales estimates (in a system such as Donovan/MediaOcean, Wide Orbit, or Strata) Exceptional writing and presentation skills Sub-Business NBCUOTS - Platform Dev&Comm; Career Level Entry-Level City New York State/Province New York Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.