This hourly (non-exempt) position is responsible for the various tasks required to support multiple delivery channels including Self Service products and Branch Operations. This individual will work closely with staff to solve issues related to various channels and act as an escalation point in resolving issues. Contact with outside vendors is necessary to work through testing, implementation and support of various channels. This position can work at another location within our branch network, following a 3-6 month training period and contingent upon desk availability at the preferred office location. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Work as key escalation point of issues that cannot be resolved by customer contact individuals. This includes responding to support tickets, working through the issue to determine the source, and finding resolution. Develop test scripts for various delivery channels to ensure a thorough test is completed before any changes are made. Once testing is complete, reporting outcome of the test and recommendations for changes or implementation. Perform key tasks associated with the support of the products assigned. This includes performing daily report analysis; assigning tasks to others for completion and subsequent follow up; performing maintenance and responding to customer inquiries as necessary. Create documentation of processes and procedures related to the various channels being supported. Work with the team to evaluate data provided by various systems and determine appropriate courses of action. Implement changes with other business units. QUALIFICATIONS: College degree in finance, marketing, business administration or a related discipline preferred. Minimum 3-5 years banking experience with a major concentration in direct delivery of Retail Operations. Thorough understanding of the operational aspects of the various channels supported and their systems. Strong organizational and time management skills with the ability to set priorities to achieve short and long time goals. Proven abilities in data analysis and issue resolution. Strong documentation and procedural skills required. Highly developed verbal and written communication skills are essential. Excellent computer skills (i.e. Word, PowerPoint and Excel spreadsheet applications) and an understanding of other bank applications (Core account application, general ledger, ACH, and other cash management systems). Travel to meetings, training and seminars as scheduled. May also require some travel between Elk Grove and various branches. Typical hours are Monday through Friday 8am-5pm, may require some weekends, and evenings. First American Bank will not sponsor applicants for work visas. _First American Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer (Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans)._