Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary Under limited supervision, performs expert programming, configuring, and/or analysis for impactful and visible projects. Manages the effective use of line of business resources for implementation of ongoing projects, enhancements, initiatives and/or problem resolution. Acts as subject matter expert across multiple applications, systems and technologies, leveraging technical and business knowledge to drive the planning and execution of complex initiatives. Participates in the design/ development process. Provides technical leadership on complex projects. Leads investigation and resolution efforts for critical, high impact problems and incidents. This job is a technical lead. This job does not lead others. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities Manages the strategic plans and tactical activities for assigned information systems and business unit systems projects. Acts as subject matter expert across multiple applications, systems and technologies leveraging technical and business knowledge to drive the planning and execution of complex initiatives. Responsibilities include: Performing complex analysis, expert level design, configuration and programming functions for impactful and visible projects. Leads investigation and resolution efforts for critical, high impact problems, defects, and incidents. Contributes to staffing and project plan estimations in collaboration with the project manager and other key stakeholders. Assesses the technical viability of projects and objectives. Acts as a technology advocate and independently seeks opportunities where technology can be utilized to improve the business. Builds, maintains, and utilizes partnerships across the enterprise ensuring the best use of resources. Provides technical leadership, fosters a team environment, and provides mentorship and feedback to technical resources. Manages the effective use of line of business resources to implement ongoing projects, enhancements, initiatives, and/or problem resolution. Applies knowledge of current industry trends and techniques to formulate solutions within the context of assigned projects. Ensures project team's work complies with Travelers standards, processes, and protocols. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 5 years of programming/development experience required. Education, Work Experience & Knowledge Bachelor's degree in a related field preferred. 7 years of programming/development experience preferred. Experience as a technical lead preferred. Job Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies Technical Knowledge: Able to expertly assess, design, develop, configure and support applications, systems solutions, and interfaces for multiple systems to achieve business and/ or technical requirements. Demonstrates technical mastery for technologies, applications, systems, frameworks, and/or languages and has the ability to influence and/or set technical direction or defect resolution. Fully understands business applications and/or technical system environments in which the system operates. Demonstrates proficiency in business concepts. Demonstrates expert knowledge of applications/systems and concepts. Able to evaluate and leverage pre-existing services and frameworks. Leverages enterprise and industry best practices and standards. Works to ensure component interactions follow and promote design best practices. Communication Skills: Ability to communicate thoughts/designs/ideas in an unambiguous manner and adjusts communication based on audience. Exhibits active and effective communication skills with team members - including active listening and effective written and verbal communication skills. Effectively contributes and communicates with the immediate team. Able to present complex technical concepts to audiences of varying size and level. Business Knowledge & Partnership: Able to develop and leverage business and/or vendor partnerships, consult on business priorities, and optimize value through solution identification aligned with business objectives, goals, and future technology direction. Able to easily communicate in business terms and describe IT capabilities/concepts in ways that the business can understand. Problem Solving & Decision Making: Able to expertly diagnose root causes, solve complex problems, and collaborate effectively with business and technical teams. Able to break a problem down into manageable pieces, evaluate potential risks/alternatives, and implement effective, timely solutions. Carefully evaluates alternative risks and solutions before taking action including escalating situations as appropriate. Demonstrates sound decision making and problem resolution skills. Often consulted by team members for problem resolution and guidance. Has the ability to reach sound decisions quickly. Knows where to obtain information needed to make the appropriate decisions. Optimizes the use of all available resources. Trusted technical advisor. Team Orientation: Able to promote, maintain, and enhance partnerships across the organization to achieve objectives and engage stakeholders. Able to influence project stakeholders and team members. Practices objectivity and openness to others' views. Able to recognize and support team priorities. Leadership: Able to set and assign technical goals and priorities for self and team members. Exhibits team leadership. Able to set teams technical direction. Able to provide feedback and/or coaching regarding technical resources. Planning and Project Management: Demonstrates ability to identify critical project tasks and establish clear priorities while keeping the overall strategy in mind. Able to manage time and competing priorities. Able to accurately estimate the tasks and resources needed to complete assigned project work. Financial Awareness: Able to accurately assess the financial impact of recommended designs/solutions. Demonstrates ability to understand relevant costs associated with assigned project work. Environmental/Work Schedules/Other Requires weekend work hours. Requires overnight work hours. Requires holiday work hours (Federal and religious). Requires extended periods (1 or more weeks) of travel as needed. Requires travel up to 5% of time. Preferred Qualifications 5 years experience with object-oriented, enterprise, application design and development. Excellent written communication, verbal communication, and facilitation skills. Experience with Java, Documaker, Angular, Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Microservices. Experience with Oracle databases Experience working in the Scaled Agile Framework Knowledge of the property/casualty insurance business Experience in vendor teamwork and working with onshore and offshore partners. Physical Requirements Operates standard office equipment. Requires extended periods of computer use. Requires extended periods of sitting. Licensing or Certificates Depends on the specific role but some examples may include: ITIL Remedy Java certification Microsoft certification.net Kanban/Agile/SAFe Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.