Looking for your next opportunity? If so, choose Parkland and discover what a meaningful job feels like. Whether you work directly with patients or use your talent to support our care, you’ll be part of a team that’s providing valuable health services to Dallas County residents. And here, you’ll have the opportunity to put all your skills to work, and the support to grow and advance in your job and your field. Step into a career that will make a substantial difference for our patients—and for you. We blend cultures, talents, and experience into an exemplary health and hospital system. Parkland has earned distinction as one of America’s Best Hospitals by U.S News and World Report every year since 1994. PRIMARY PURPOSE Manages the administration of assigned contractual agreements with outside organizations, affecting the operation of the Dallas County Hospital District and all of its programs. MINIMUM SPECIFICATIONS Education: Must have a Bachelor's degree in a related field. Experience: Must have five years of experience in contract management, accounting, or legal services. Equivalent Education and/or Experience: May have an equivalent combination of education and/or experience in lieu of specific education and/or experience as stated above. Certification/Registration/Licensure: Prefer Paralegal certification/licensure through recognized agencies at local, state and/or national levels. Skills or Special Abilities: Must have knowledge of contract law as related to contract administration. Must possess excellent organizational skills. Must be detail oriented. Must be proficient in word processing, spread sheet and database management software packages. Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.