Argonne National Laboratory has a long-standing tradition of attracting top early career talent through the Named Fellowship Program. These special fellowships are awarded internationally each year to outstanding doctoral scientists and engineers who are at early points in promising careers. The fellowships are named after scientific and technical luminaries who have been associated with the laboratory, its predecessors and the University of Chicago since the 1940s, including the Maria Goeppert Mayer Fellowship named for the Argonne Nuclear Physicist and Noble Prize Winner and awarded annually. Argonne offers the opportunity for appointees to perform research in a scientifically and technologically rich environment; present and publish research; contribute to the overall research efforts of the Laboratory; advance knowledge in the areas of basic and applied research; and strengthen our national scientific and technical capabilities. Your academic achievements and demonstrated research capabilities will undoubtedly contribute to the continuing scientific and technological success of the Laboratory. It is our intention that your tenure at Argonne be as productive and rewarding as possible. To qualify for the Argonne National Laboratory Fellowships, you should display superb ability in scientific or engineering research and promise of becoming a global leader in the research you pursue. Proposals from all STEM disciplines are accepted and should align with Argonne or DOE missions. Proposals aligned with Quantum Information Sciences and Artificial Intelligence applied to Science are especially encouraged. Candidates should consult with their sponsors to determine the strategic alignment of proposals. You will work closely with an Argonne sponsor to pursue your research interests and are hired as an Argonne Scholar with full benefits, a highly competitive salary and a stipend for research support. Fellows may renew their appointments on an annual basis for up to 3 years, with the possibility of retention. The first two years of the fellowship are funded 100% by Argonne’s Laboratory Directed Research Development (LDRD) Program. The third year is funded 50% by LDRD and 50% by other programs identified by the fellow and sponsor. This model allows fellows to advance independent research as outlined in their fellowship proposal, while making significant contributions to other Laboratory initiatives. We are currently accepting applicants for the Maria Goeppert Mayer Scholarship. Deadline is October 15, 2018. You must read the application instructions before submitting your application - http://www.anl.gov/careers/apply-job/argonne-fellowships Position Requirements Applicants must read the Applicant Instructions before submitting required documents. Briefly, your application must include: Sponsor nomination form—completed and submitted by your Argonne sponsor Research proposal and project plan submitted using the research template. Please review the guidance for using the template. Three letters of recommendation—refer to applicant instructions for guidance CV—uploaded through the application link Graduate transcripts—refer to applicant instructions for acceptable format Letters of recommendation and the Sponsor nomination form must be sent directly via e-mail to fellowships@anl.gov. Letters must be in a PDF file from the individual(s) with a signature on official letterhead. In the subject line please include the name of the candidate. Note on Letters of Recommendation: A diverse review committee will be assessing your application package. It is helpful if your referees can place your record of accomplishment within the context of others at comparable stages in your field. For example—what should one expect of a new PhD in your field—publications, patents, conference proceedings, coding, etc? How do you rank compared to other advisees? How have you demonstrated leadership skills? Also, they may wish to note what contributions you made to group or multi- authored projects and publications. You must read the application instructions before submitting your application - http://www.anl.gov/careers/apply-job/argonne-fellowships As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.