Job Description The Office of Benefits and Wage Compliance was established in January 2016 as a branch of the Mayor’s Office of Labor to manages the Administration’s responsibilities for Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft prevention as defined in the Philadelphia Code (sections 9-4100, and 9-4300 respectively). This is a broad scope of work which includes outreach to vulnerable populations, outreach to non/low-English speaking populations, outreach to the business community, management of City Council relations as relates to Paid Sick and Wage Theft, management of relations with the advocacy community on these issues, receiving and responding to informational inquiries in a timely manner, conducting compliance investigations and delivering written findings, issuing fines and penalties when applicable under the law, and managing internal relations with City departments to promote awareness of the Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft prevention ordinances. The Compliance Manager will report directly to the Chief of Staff in the Mayor’s Office of Labor. Essential Functions The Compliance Manager is responsible for day-to-day operations of the Office. Their primary ongoing responsibility is for management of all City activities related to Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft outreach and compliance. Under supervision of the Chief of Staff, they will develop and manage to ambitious performance goals that improve case management of complaints and inquiries, and track data and metrics, and deliver results to the citizens of Philadelphia. The Compliance Manager will supervise junior staff. They will develop and monitor workflow, processes, and performance goals for their team, and will motivate their staff to accomplish the mission of the Office of Benefits and Wage Compliance. Externally, the Compliance Manager will be responsible for successfully engaging with, and communicating across a wide variety of stakeholders. The Compliance Manager will oversee the planning and implementation of a comprehensive public outreach strategy. They will be the first point of contact for City Council, the advocacy community, the business community, neighborhood-based organizations, and non/low-English speaking communities for concerns related to Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft prevention. The Compliance Manager is responsible for issuing fines and penalties related to Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft violations when applicable under the law. They will be responsible for filing written reports associated with this function, and representing the Administration in the event of an appeal. Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Organizational leadership – Can motivate and manage staff, lead and provide direction on Office goals and assignments, and establish and maintain effective working relationships City Council, outside organizations, and internal stakeholders. Compliance management – Able to investigate of complaints and inquiries, conform to timeline and reporting protocols, and issue fines and penalties as needed to enforce compliance with the provisions of statutes, ordinances, codes, regulations or standards as they apply to Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft prevention. Written Communication - Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner. Is able to generate written reports at the close of investigations, and use computer programs such as PowerPoint or Illustrator to create fliers or presentations. Oral Communication - Expresses information to individuals or groups effectively. Able to give presentations to a diverse variety of audiences. Electronic Record Keeping Database - Knowledge of the uses of database management systems and software to control the organization, storage, retrieval, security, and integrity of data. Analytics and Performance Management – Able to review and analyze tracking data to identify trends in Paid Sick Leave and Wage Theft prevention. Able to use that knowledge to improve outreach and service delivery. Interpersonal Skills - Shows understanding, friendliness, courtesy, tact, empathy, concern, and politeness to others; develops and maintains effective relationships with others; may include effectively dealing with individuals who are difficult, hostile, or distressed; relates well to people from varied backgrounds and different situations; is sensitive to cultural diversity, race, gender, disabilities, and other individual differences. Understands the functions, organization, and role of local government Knowledge of compliance management theory and practice Ability to maintain records and prepare reports and written findings Knowledge of data entry, electronic databases, and record keeping Knowledge of computer systems and software including Microsoft Office tools and applications Understands and is able to implement customer service principles and practices Ability to effectively communicate complex rules and procedures to the public Ability to manage junior staff, assign work, and set performance goals