Job Description: We are seeking a talented Sr. Manager of Global Quality Systems to join a talented and growing team in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. This individual will be responsible for managing, developing, implementing, and maintaining technical systems and activities for a key Quality Assurance and/or Quality Control group. Defines and specifies the implementation of standards, methods, and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the quality, precision, accuracy and reliability of company products. Ensures compliance with Company standards and government regulations. Participates in the reviewing and assessing of engineering designs. Makes strong tactical decisions that impact production the Company. Assists product support areas in gathering and analyzing data. Has typical authority of a manager including hiring, disciplining, and terminating. Has budgetary responsibility. Minimum Qualifications: 10+ Yrs of Wrk Exp BS/BA Preferred Qualifications: 8+ yrs of mgmt exp Lean or 6 Sigma Certification ABOUT DJO GLOBAL DJO Global is a leading global developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-quality medical devices that provide solutions for musculoskeletal health, vascular health and pain management. Our products address the continuum of patient care from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury or from degenerative disease, enabling people to regain or maintain their natural motion. Our products are used by orthopedic specialists, spine surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. In addition, many of our medical devices and related accessories are used by athletes and patients for injury prevention and at-home physical therapy treatment. Product lines include rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators used for pain management and physical therapy products. Our surgical division offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee and shoulder. Our products are marketed under a portfolio of brands including Aircast®, Chattanooga, CMF™, Compex®, DonJoy®, ProCare®, Exos™, Dr. Comfort®, DonJoy Performance® and DJO® Surgical. For additional information on the Company, please visit www.DJOglobal.com. DJO is a portfolio company of the Blackstone Group EOE AA M/F/VET/Disability All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws.