The Data Engineer will research, develop, support and deploy solutions using real-time distributing computing architectures. S/he will also employ skills to deliver insights into customer and network behavior on a rapidly-growing video-over-IP platform. This is a fast-moving team of world-class experts who are innovating in end-to-end video delivery that thrives on big challenges, results, quality, and agility. Key Accountabilities: Develop systems capable of processing millions of events per second and multi-billions of events per day, providing both a real time and historical view into the operation of our wide-array of systems. Design collection and enrichment system components for quality, timeliness, scale and reliability. Work on high performance real-time data stores and a massive historical data store using best-of-breed and industry leading technology. Design, develop, and apply advanced statistical methods and Machine Intelligence algorithms. Lead development for new data pipelines. Analyze massive amounts of data both in real-time and batch processing utilizing Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, and AWS technologies such as Kinesis, S3, ElastiCache, and Lambda. Prototype ideas for new tools, products and services. Employ rigorous continuous delivery practices managed under an agile software development approach. Raise the bar for the Engineering team by advocating leading edge practices such as CI/CD, containerization and TDD. Enhance DevOps practices to deploy and operate systems. Automate and streamline operations and processes. Troubleshoot and resolve issues in development, test and production environments. Required Skills: 5-8 years of Java experience, Scala experience a plus. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics or related discipline. Experience in software development of large-scale distributed systems – including proven track record of delivering backend systems that participate in a complex ecosystem. Experience with real-time data pipelines and components including Kafka, Storm, Spark Streaming. Proficient in Unix/Linux environments. Test-driven development/test automation, continuous integration, and deployment automation. Excellent communicator, able to analyze and clearly articulate complex issues and technologies understandably and engagingly. Great design and problem-solving skills. Adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership. Keen attention to detail and high level of commitment. Thrives in a fast-paced agile environment. Technologies: Spark Core and Spark Streaming Kafka AWS services including EMR, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, ElastiCache, Firehose Avro, Parquet MemSQL, Cassandra, MongoDB Java, Scala Git, Maven, Jenkins Linux Hadoop (HDFS, YARN) _Partner's Consulting is a reputable, Nationally Certified Women Owned Business Enterprise Information Technology Consulting and Recruiting firm based in the Philadelphia area. We have built personal relationships with our clients over the years, and work directly with hiring managers on all our open positions. Our core values are focused on the highest level of professional dedication to our client's requirements coupled with our desire to partner for joint success. If you have any questions or concerns about the posting above, please contact us at_ _recruiter@partners-consulting.com_ _._ 46693-1