Job Tracking ID : 512100-623154 Job Location : Philadelphia, PA Tampa, FL, West Reading, PA Job Level : Mid Career (2+ years) Level of Education : BA/BS Job Type : Full-Time/Regular Date Updated : July 12, 2018 Years of Experience : 2 - 5 Years Starting Date : ASAP Job Description: Fortna, a professional services and software company, is looking for a Linux/VMware Administrator to administer, test, evaluate and implement hardware and software, dealing specifically with Fortna Warehouse Execution System (WES). Once trained, flexible to work Home office and minimal travel as needed. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Architecting, implementing, operating, managing, and integrating complex enterprise IT systems and infrastructure both internally and externally having to do with Client deliverables. Defining and maintaining technology and integration models, and the conceptual and logical application and infrastructure patterns and services. Providing the expertise and guidance to peers, leadership, and Associates on the overall infrastructure architecture as it relates to the Software department's solution strategies. Providing technical IT expertise to and assisting in the selection of new hardware and software platforms which assist in attaining the enterprise architecture principles, policies, and standards. Documenting the infrastructure architecture environment and procedures to ensure our infrastructure remains cost-effective, efficient, and of high quality. Assisting in the design and setup of Fortna-Client secure remote VPN connections. Assisting in supporting Fortna’s provided infrastructure to our Clients. Producing high-quality project, QA, and infrastructure design documentation. Providing remote support and troubleshooting for new and legacy WES systems. Installing new / rebuilding existing servers and configuring hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Installing and configuring systems such as WES infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications. Researching and recommending innovative and, where possible, automated approaches for system administration tasks. Administration of 3rd party middleware applications used as part of the WES solution such as Glassfish Applications Server and Active Message Queue. Experience and Skills: Bachelor’s degree in IT, computer science or related field or equivalent 2+ years Linux System Adm.experience 2+ years network topology and infrastructure expertise 2+ years of VMware experience, VMware certification Eager to learn with a positive ‘can-do’ attitude! Strong problem solving skills Exposure to Oracle Database Administration is a plus Strong understanding of Virtual Private Networking Working knowledge of server and workstation infrastructure Strong understanding of high availability protocols and architecture Ability to keep up with technology trends and emerging best practices to consistently evolve current solutions Working knowledge of storage area network and network attached storage systems Working knowledge of Unix compliant command line interfaces Ability to understand and diagnose client-server architecture Excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to clearly articulate to project members and stakeholders; must be a team player who works well with technical and non-technical resources Ability to work a flexible schedule and outside of normal business hours inclusive of weekends with little advance notice Minimal travel Linux RHEL/OEL/CentOS specific administration experience Experience with network monitoring solutions Experience supporting software configuration management systems Previous experience with Glassfish and ActiveMQ Prefer near one of our office locations, Tampa, FL; West Reading, PA; Atlanta, GA. After training, flexibility to work combination of home office and Fortna office location, based on need.