Works under the general supervision of the Branch Manager for the Emerging and Acute Infectious Disease Branch with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Performs advanced management and oversight duties for all operations of the Data and Surveillance Group. Oversees the routine daily operations, coordinates and evaluates complex administrative and programmatic activities and assumes the duties of the Branch Manager in the absence of the Branch Manager. Develops and monitors strategic priorities, develops and evaluates goals, objectives, guidelines and standards. Oversees preparation of rules and regulation changes. Supervises Epidemiologists, Public Health Technicians, and other staff and approves purchasing, payroll, and travel documents. Advises staff on administrative matters. Oversees preparation of quality assurance and productivity related to all infectious disease surveillance and healthcare associated infections data. Oversees all data requests received by the branch and ensures compliance with agency and branch policies for release of information. Develops budgets, contracts, and Memoranda of Understanding (MOU) as requested. Facilitates preparation and submission of cooperative agreement applications. Oversees technology implementation. Identifies needed areas of change related to programmatic and administrative activities and recommends strategies to improve operations. Works with limited direction and with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and judgment. Serves as a team member in the Multi- State Medical Operation Center (SMOC) in the event of a natural or man-made emergency requiring DSHS or State of Texas response. Essential Job Functions: (40%) Shares advanced oversight responsibility for the Emerging and Acute Infectious Disease Branch with the Branch Manager - Performs advanced management and oversight for all operations of the Data and Surveillance Group in collaboration with the Branch and Unit Managers. Makes decisions, sets priorities and timelines, and directs activities across assigned projects to accomplish goals with extensive latitude for use of initiative and independent judgment. Develops and monitors Group’s priorities. Develops and evaluates Group objectives, guidelines and standards. Provides guidance to Branch and Unit Managers regarding activities related to personnel, accounting, budgeting, purchasing, time and leave records, travel, and training. Identifies projects and administrative areas needing improvement and makes recommendations for improvement. Evaluates and approves budget revisions and purchase requests. Develops Branch protocols related to release of data, budgets, contracts, and MOUs. Recommends, develops, and monitors performance measures. Represents the program internally and externally at meetings, conferences, seminars and other professional venues. Collaborates closely with other Department Branches, Groups and Units and other internal and external partners. Coordinates submission of rules and regulations. Provides technical guidance related to submission of notifiable conditions data, health care associated infections (HAIs) data and preventable adverse events (PAEs) data. Ensures routine evaluation of designated website and directs necessary changes. Oversees the preparation of written reports on Branch activities and studies. Assists in coordinating activities related to a student public health internship program with the School of Biological Sciences, University of Texas at Austin or other programs. Assumes the duties of the Branch Manager in the absence of the Branch Manager. Participates in Department’s response to natural and man-made disasters. (25%) Budget- Manages all assigned budgetary issues including general revenue, exceptional item funding, cooperative agreements and external contracts. Works with other DSHS programs and external venders to prepare, implement, and monitor budgets, contracts and applications, ensures timelines are met, negotiates with relevant parties to resolve budget issues and ensures funds are budgeted to appropriate categories and department id numbers. (15%) Staff supervision - Oversees and directly supervises the routine daily operation of the Group. Supervises Epidemiologists, Program Specialists, Public health and Prevention Specialists and other staff; includes hiring (prepares position descriptions and interview questions), disciplining (terminating), rewarding, (grants merit increases, promotions, bonuses), assigns and/or reassigns duties; defines team priorities, approves or disapproves leave requests, formally evaluates employee’s performance and resolves or settles employee relations problems. Plans, assigns, coordinates, and monitors the activities of staff within the Group. (10%) Legislative activities - Provides guidance in preparation of the Legislative Appropriations Request (LAR) for the EAID Branch. Prepares legislative initiatives and exceptional items. Reviews legislation and prepares bill summaries and fiscal impact estimates. Serves as the resource person for assigned initiatives, exceptional items and bills. (10%) Outbreak investigations and disease surveillance - Provides guidance in managing aspects of notifiable conditions data, outbreak response data, patient safety (HAI and PAE) data and external data requests. Coordinates provision of surge capacity for handling and analysis of data during outbreaks and staff absences. Provides guidance and advice to local and regional health departments and health care facilities and health care providers related to data quality processes, timelines, expectations. Manages statewide HAI/PAE -Texas Health Care Safety Network (TxHSN) and assists with management of the National Electronic Disease Surveillance System (NEDSS) related to disease surveillance. Preparation of rules to identify what and how to report, auditing reporting sources, developing operating procedures and guidelines, management of databases, epidemiologic analyses of data, and generation of reports to Department programs and federal agencies. 5% Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligation for disaster response and/or recovery of Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternative shift pattern and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of process to change and adopt rules Knowledge of process to report and change performance measures Knowledge of methods for budgeting, purchasing and travel in a public health setting. Knowledge of public health programs and management Knowledge of federal grant application processes and contracting processes. Knowledge of infectious disease epidemiology and disease surveillance Ability to plan and develop strategic priorities Ability to manage program activities and establish goals and objectives. Ability to devise solutions to administrative problems Ability to develop and evaluate administrative policies and procedures Ability to prepare concise reports Ability to plan, assign and supervise work of others Ability to develop and maintain effective and positive working relationships Ability to facilitate and work in a team environment Ability to interpret budget information derived from fund accounting Ability to keep sensitive information confidential Skill in verbal and written communications Skill in effective prioritization of multiple work assignments Skills in developing and implementing program planning Skills in project management Skills in facilitation and leading group activities Skills in Excel, Access, Word & PowerPoint Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: Master’s or doctor’s degree with a focus in epidemiology or health care quality with at least 6 years’ work experience in epidemiology and health care quality in a public health agency or clinical setting with at least three of those years being supervisory or team lead experience. Additional Information: An in-basket exercise will be required at the time of interview. MOS Code: 70A, 641X, MGT10, 41AX. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.