About Us HealthSmart is the premier provider of customizable and scalable health plan solutions for self-funded employers. We reduce costs and improve outcomes, all the while treating our health plan members with dignity and respect. But that's just the beginning of our story - We make differences in peoples' lives every single day! We're a company of innovators. We deliver health benefit plans and solutions to provide worry-free, self-funded plan administration, quality coverage, and innovative care. We provide care management services that change lives and helps employers and members take control of healthcare costs. HealthSmartRx Solutions delivers extremely attractive pharmacy benefits with an Rx discount program. Our Network Solutions group offers national, comprehensive provider networks to provide member access to the right care. HealthSmart Casualty Claims Solutions leverages technology, robust information and unmatched experience to deliver innovative casualty claims management solutions with outstanding results. We offer business intelligence and web-based reporting. Plus, we offer a variety of health and wellness initiatives and even onsite employer clinics. JOB SUMMARY: Analyze, interpret, and communicate qualitative and quantitative findings from tests. Monitor bug resolution efforts and track results and known defects. Design, prioritize, and implement test plans, scenarios, scripts, or procedures. Participate in process reviews to inform development of products and resolution of defects. Participate in the general activities of the Quality Assurance Department with regard to conducting in-depth quality reviews of the activities, processes and procedures of the company and its staff members. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Gathering audit findings on standard posted transactions, verify figures, and review documents to ensure that they are correct, mathematically accurate, and properly coded. Maintain daily and monthly metrics accurately and efficiently. Support the administrative aspects of the department, including developing working files, policy and procedure manuals, and a research library. Assist in developing quality standards throughout the company