Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job Description Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job Description Do you have what it takes to continuously provide outstanding Customer support? Are you ready to take your knowledge of Application Integration, collaborating and problem solving to resolve Customer issues? We have a unique opportunity within the Workday Support team for a person with vision, a passion for excellence and a track record of success. This is not a role answering questions - it's about digging in and coming up with solutions to a variety of time sensitive, operational critical issues - it's about passion, innovation and excellence in a fast-paced and dynamic organization. What would you do all day?? Work directly with customers to research, troubleshoot, and lead resolution for integration issues in a timely manner. Manage incoming case queue and maintain focus on resolving customer cases quickly and effectively in line with our service level agreements. Clearly and succinctly document communications to customers using our issue management system. Test customer problems and log issues to development, working with developers to determine a solution. Replicate and verify customer problems and log issues to development. Collaborate with Development, QA and other Technical Analysts to research, identify and validate issue resolutions. Effectively prioritize and escalate customer issues as required. Participate in our 24X7 global coverage plan. It would be really nice if you had.... College degree in computer science or business systems preferred. 2+ years experience with HCM, Payroll, or Financials ERP applications PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle, Salesforce, Tibco, Kronos, Cornerstone, Taleo, or other SaaS and On-Premise ERP systems Four or more years of experience as a customer support specialist for enterprise software applications, Software as a Service companies Four or more years of experience with ERP web service integrations (SOAP, WSDL, XML). It's essential that you have.... Understanding of object-oriented and relational model concepts Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to absorb new technologies and features quickly. Excellent analytical, problem solving, and multi-tasking skills. Can work in a fast paced, dynamic, and fun team environment Team player who will work across the organization and company to continue improving the way we serve our customers.