Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Financial Planning & Analysis team oversees our investments in headcount, operating expenses and capital investment. We focus on using our unique view into the numbers to see trends and opportunities that are developing within the company as well as across the industry. Successful candidates for this team have a bias towards action, exceptional partnership and communication skills, and know how to balance getting the details right while still moving fast. You will join the team that manages the finances for Facebook's Consumer Marketing groups. Specifically, you will be responsible for the creation, tracking, reporting and analysis of investments in Marketing expenses and headcount. You will gain invaluable experience in a position that offers significant responsibility and interaction with management, as well as considerable opportunity to have a large impact within a growing finance organization at Facebook. Our ideal candidate is highly analytical and a well- rounded top performer. RESPONSIBILITIES Create strong business partnerships with the following Marketing teams: Tech and Innovation, International Marketing and Events (IME), Communications and Media Planning Participate in headcount planning, budgeting, forecasting, annual and long- range planning Help business partners gain key insights into spend with meaningful and actionable analyses Build thoughtful resource allocation analyses to drive better investment decisions Collaborate cross-functionally with other teams including purchasing, accounting, corporate finance to support Consumer Marketing Identify and lead initiatives to continuously improve, automate, and scale forecasting and reporting tools, processes, and methodologies MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years of financial planning and analysis experience BA/BS in Business, Finance, Economics, or equivalent Experience in accounting concepts and financial planning Experience in MS office and advanced Excel PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with Hyperion Essbase and Oracle Financials Experience building cross-functional relationships and partnering with organizational leaders Analytical skills and experience with building business cases Communication skills and ability to tailor messaging as required for audiences of varying level of expertise Self-driven, organized, detail-oriented, and able to multi-task in a fast- paced environment