What You'll Do Did you know? Cisco Supply Chain was just ranked 1 for Tech Companies and 3 overall on Gartner, Inc’s annual Supply Chain Top 25 which identifies supply chain leaders and highlights their best practices. There’s never been a better time to join us! Cisco is looking for a creative, inspiring, program leader who will manage multiple work streams and programs as part of our Social and Environmental Responsibility (SER) group within the Supply Chain Sustainability organization. You will be identifying emerging areas of risk and opportunities and managing programs to drive meaningful impact with suppliers, workers and communities on responsible business practices. You will build strong relationships at all levels of the business, with industry organizations and our supplier network to advance SER priorities and meet desired targets and goals. You'll lead programs that require data analytics, metrics, work plans and relationship building. You will drive performance improvement of suppliers and embed sustainability practices across the supply chain. Who You'll Work With When you work with us, you’ll be part of a highly empowered collaborative team who's passionate about our sustainability vision: what's good for the world and good for business have never been more connected. We are a team of change agents with strong business analytical skills focused on opportunities to be a catalyst for our customers' transformations. Who You Are You are a self-motivated person who has experience and personal passion for sustainability, particularly social and environmental responsibility in supply chains. You are not afraid to take ownership of big, groundbreaking projects that involve calculated risks to the business. You can confidently manage and drive our key SER projects that are in-flight and also help bring new SER projects to life. At a minimum, we expect you to have an MBA or other Master's-level degree (Sustainability or Environmental-related programs are preferred but not required) and 3+years experience in program or project management. You should also have demonstrated success in managing cross-functional teams, influencing without authority, data analytics, and change management. Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco LI-MR3