Manager of Patient Access Position: Exempt Management Direct Reports: All front desk, scheduling and phone staff This position exists to provide direction and leadership to assigned personnel and to ensure that all registration, insurance verification, scheduling, billing and telephone communication functions are performed accurately and efficiently. This position is accountable for developing and implementing procedures and systems to ensure effective utilization of resources. Daily interaction with administration, ancillary department managers and physicians to provide appropriate services to patients, families, and other departments. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Patient Access Accountabilities: Serves as liaison between physicians, KEI departments and administration. Manages all front desk, scheduling, registration, verification, cashier and billing functions. Monitors and reviews registrations to ensure accurate financial and demographic data is being collected. Assists in the monitoring of rejections, holds, error rate as pertains to Patient Access. Ensures and monitors productivity for employees and overall department. Ensures timeliness of services, i.e., registration, charge entry, phone service. Ensures staffing levels are appropriate for patient volume. Ensures compliance with departmental regulatory agency requirements and KEI policies and procedures. Maintains and manages a professional staff to achieve effective delivery of services. Provide educational sessions for staff on insurance verification and classification to assure appropriate insurance registration and collection of time of service payments. Service Excellence: KEI is committed to a standard of service that is defined by service excellence. Employees are accountable to support and maintain service standards and behaviors set for all employees and to department specific standards and behaviors relative to service excellence. Customer Service/Operations: Ensures departmental functions are coordinated with other services and departments both internal and external to ensure customer needs are being met. Planning: Contributes toward successful implementation of operating plan, and assists with financial analysis and formulation of recommendations to achieve plan objectives. Personnel Management: Effectively manages assigned staff in a manner consistent with organizational policies and values. Maintains an employee feedback process to enhance work processes and employee understanding. Responsible for all payroll related functions and processes under Patient Access Accountabilities. Accreditation: Ensures compliance with all applicable quality and accreditation standards within the assigned areas. Continuous Improvement: Promotes and supports the participation of staff in applying the principle/model of continuous improvement to improve existing processes and enhance the effective utilization of resources (human and material). Develops and monitors key indicators to ensure quality of system outcomes. Leadership: Develops, coordinates, and evaluates patient registration, scheduling, insurance verification, and certification activities within the Patient Access Department. Responsibilities include hiring, providing performance feedback, counseling, developing and supporting the skills and abilities of designated personnel. Facilitates the development of department mission, vision and values. The preceding essential function statements are not intended to be an exhaustive list of tasks and functions for this position. Other tasks and functions may be assigned as needed to fulfill the mission of the organization QUALIFICATIONS/KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES: Requires 5-7+ years Patient Access experience. Requires 3-5+ years in a Leadership or Management Role. Requires understanding of the UPG operations including registration and billing. Requires knowledge of requirements of various insurance companies and government regulators. Requires ability to plan and manage the utilization of resources. Requires ability to facilitate and lead work groups. Requires knowledge of KEI personnel policies and procedures. Requires effective written and verbal communication skills. Requires strong customer service skills. Requires ability to promote teamwork and build effective relationships. Requires ability to take initiative and meet objectives. Requires a high level of interpersonal, problem-solving, and analytical skills. We offer a competitive salary and attractive benefits package, including a 403 (b) Retirement Plan with corporate contribution, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement and free parking E.O.E