About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications Job responsibility 3-5 years of embedded software experience in QNX platform development preferably in automotive field (BSP/IPL) Experience in writing and verification of low level device drivers, for ARM architecture using C and assembly in QNX or embedded Linux environment. Understanding of communication protocols like SPI, I2C etc. Strong debugging skills using debug tools and familiarity with HW tools required Experience in debugging of software ranging from drivers to applications Analysis of complex system integration issues including boot performance, system stability, and memory optimizations Familiar with Vector CAN tools and CAN, LIN protocols, functional safety concepts Must skills: 5+ Years in Automotive for an OEM or Tier 1 supplier 4+ Years in platform software development for an Instrument Panel Cluster(IPC) Special Instructions: Atleast 2 years of work experience with QNX is a must Responsible for programming and software development using various programming languages and related tools and frameworks, reviewing code written by other programmers, requirement gathering, bug fixing, testing, documenting and implementing software systems. Experienced programmers are also responsible for interpreting architecture and design, code reviews, mentoring, guiding and monitoring programmers, ensuring adherence to programming and documentation policies, software development, testing and release. Required Skills and Experience: Write software programs using specific programming languages/platforms such as Java or MS .NET, and related tools, platform and environment. Write, update, and maintain computer programs or software packages to handle specific jobs, such as tracking inventory, storing or retrieving data, or controlling other equipment. Consult with managerial, engineering, and technical personnel to clarify program intent, identify problems, and suggest changes. Perform or direct revision, repair, or expansion of existing programs to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new requirements. Write, analyze, review, and rewrite programs, using workflow chart and diagram, and applying knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, and symbolic logic. Write or contribute to instructions or manuals to guide end users. Correct errors by making appropriate changes and then rechecking the program to ensure that the desired results are produced. Conduct trial runs of programs and software applications to be sure they will produce the desired information and that the instructions are correct. Compile and write documentation of program development and subsequent revisions, inserting comments in the coded instructions so others can understand the program. Investigate whether networks, workstations, the central processing unit of the system, and/or peripheral equipment are responding to a program's instructions. Prepare detailed workflow charts and diagrams that describe input, output, and logical operation, and convert them into a series of instructions coded in a computer language. Perform systems analysis and programming tasks to maintain and control the use of computer systems software as a systems programmer. Consult with and assist computer operators or system analysts to define and resolve problems in running computer programs. Perform unit testing Assist in system and user testing Fix errors and bugs that are identified in the course of testing. Qualifications: 3-9 years experience; Bachelor’s degree Should be proficient in Software Engineering Techniques, Software Engineering Architecture, Software Engineering Lifecycle and Data Management. Should have progressing skills on Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Software Engineering Leadership, Architecture Knowledge and Technical Solution Design. Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.