Req ID: 15967 Job Family: Research and Development Sabre is the global leader in innovative technology that leads the travel industry. We are always looking for bright and driven people who have a penchant for technology and want to hone their skills. If you are interested in challenging work, being part of a global team, and solving complex problems through technology, business intelligence and analytics, and Agile practices - then Sabre is right for you! It is our people who develop and deliver powerful solutions that meet the current and future needs for our airline, hotel, and travel agency customers. Job Description New description: PRINCIPAL, RESEARCH POSITION SUMMARY The Principal Analyst Research develops prototypes to showcase new ideas for travel distribution and advanced decision making in travel. The position also consults with and provides guidance to a number of departments and senior management on advanced technical issues. RESPONSIBILITIES Understand the underlying business problem, extract and manipulate needed data, and work with other Research staff who are developing machine learning models Understand new models for travel agency and airline decision planning, and how to do "full-stack" development of prototypes to demonstrate these new models & ideas Strengthens leadership position in merchandising and retailing Job Requirements EXPERIENCE Experience with Java & C++ development NoSQL (such as Couchbase) and relational databases (Oracle, Teradata, MySQL) Experience with "full-stack development" (e.g. Couchbase, NodeJS, Tomcat, cloud, Javascript, HTML) Experience with micro-services and REST APIs, service-oriented architecture Experience with enterprise architecture Experience with Python and R for data analysis is a plus EDUCATION Ph.D or M.S. in Computer Science or related field At Sabre, we are fortunate to have the resources of a large company paired with the culture of a startup. Our company culture includes casual work environments, employee amenities, flexible work arrangements, and exceptional learning opportunities. And, you will be surrounded by intelligent team members who you will be proud to call your peers. Reasonable Accommodation Sabre is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants applying for a Sabre position with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact Sabre's Employee Relations Department at employee.relations@sabre.com Affirmative Action Sabre is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals. EEO IS THE LAW Stay connected with Sabre Careers