As our Senior Integration Engineer, you will be responsible for the operation, enhancement, maintenance, and architecture of business systems integrations using Dell Boomi technologies or other identified tools. In this newly created role, you will be developing and supporting our current and future business systems integrations. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. What you’ll do Build, deploy and support Dell Boomi integrations between our critical systems Support and enhance current Boomi connections with NetSuite, Workday, Concur, Host Develop and support EDI connections with partners Maintain mapping rules and documentation Partner directly with internal stakeholders and technical teams on systems integrations Provide 24/7 on-call rotational support of integration applications Design and engineer solutions for new and existing applications integrations Document and Develop integration solutions and mapping Provide technical and design expertise to the project team regarding application integration solutions and problem resolution. Accurately repair and document changes to integration solutions What experience you’ll bring B.S. in Computer Science or a related technical field Minimum of 3+ years working with Dell Boomi integration technologies Solid ERP experience with NetSuite Experience with API governance (standards, lifecycle management, security, and monitoring) Significant programming experience in at least one of Python, Perl, Java, and/or .NET or equivalent Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with Workday, Concur and Host Analytics a plus About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( http://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe we value a diverse, inclusive work force and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.