GENERAL DUTIES I.T. Senior Associates perform highly complex professional work in technology- related disciplines. While areas of specialization vary, typically I.T. Senior Associates perform a range of work in development/programming, communications, technical support, or similar functions depending on the needs of the Information Technology area to which they report. Work tasks include diagnosing, evaluating, overseeing and resolving highly complex projects. They have wide latitude for independent initiative and judgment and may serve in lead roles on complex programs or projects, and/or serve as a direct supervisor of a unit or group. I.T. Senior Associates should demonstrate mastery of one or more technology- related disciplines, decision-making ability in situations related to those disciplines, and be able to serve as a resource in these areas. They may contribute to decisions on I.T. policies and technical standards. This job is in CUNY's Classified Civil Service. The full specification is available on our web site at http://www.cuny.edu/about/administration/offices/ohrm/hros/classification/ccsjobs.html CONTRACT TITLE IT Senior Associate FLSA Exempt CAMPUS SPECIFIC INFORMATION The Office of Computing and Information Services (CIS) at the City University of New York (CUNY) support the IT and telecommunications needs of CUNY's 24 colleges. CIS supports enterprise IT and applications; develops new technologies that advance University's core mission; builds, upgrades and maintains the University's network; operates the University's Data Center and help desk; develops disaster recovery and business continuity plans; and leads the CUNYfirst Enterprise Resource Planning Project (ERP), which integrates 25 university systems, covering student administration, financial management, and human resources. Within CIS, the Systems, Storage, and Virtualization unit maintains and develops the service platforms for applications shared across the University. Reporting to the Windows and Linux Systems Manager, the Systems Administrator will deploy enterprise applications on complex Wintel-based systems, manage systems support for LAN services, and maintain security, systems upgrades, servers, and other systems infrastructure. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Administer and manage large physical and virtual Microsoft Windows environment, including file servers, print servers, web servers, and other servers. Manage Active Directory objects including users, groups, and GPOs. Deploy and update servers. Monitor and troubleshoot system issues. Install and manage software for anti-virus, backup, monitoring, and other required Microsoft or third party applications. Develop, maintain, and follow systems policies, procedures, documentations, and diagrams. Maintain, test, and execute plans for disaster recovery and business continuity. Responsible for support ticket and email resolutions. Provide consultation and technical guidance to end users. Represent the team during meetings, discussions, and projects. Provide technical feedback, guidance and engineering support. Performs related duties as assigned. Job duties require schedule flexibility and willingness to work evenings or weekends as required for systems-related tasks. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1\. High School Diploma, G.E.D., or equivalent 2\. An equivalent of ten years of experience post-high school that can be met by one of the following: ten years of full-time work experience in a computer or technology related position; an Associate's degree plus eight years of full-time work experience in a computer or technology-related position; or a Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution plus six years of full-time work experience in a computer or technology-related position 3\. Demonstrated English Language proficiency 4\. A Motor Vehicle Driver's license, valid in New York State, may be required for some, but not all positions. This title has three levels. In addition to the minimum qualifications above, To qualify for Levels 2 and 3, additional qualifications, such as education, experience, or certification relevant to the area of specialization are required. OTHER QUALIFICATIONS The ideal candidate will possess the following knowledge, skills, and abilities: Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator or a related certification. Experience managing domain controllers, fixing replication and corruption issues, and DNS issues. Experience deploying and managing virtual servers in a VMWare ESX environment. Experience with security practices such as network segmentation and zones, multiple server environments, and application tiers. Experience with change management controls. Working knowledge with powershell, batch files, Python, and/or other scripting language. Proactive and detail-oriented with a high aptitude for solving complex problems and rendering sound resolutions. Ability to work productively as an individual contributor and collaboratively as a team member in a fast-paced, time-sensitive, customer-responsive, and team-oriented environment. COMPENSATION $84,345 BENEFITS CUNY offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees and eligible dependents based on job title and classification. Employees are also offered pension and Tax-Deferred Savings Plans. Part-time employees must meet a weekly or semester work hour criteria to be eligible for health benefits. Health benefits are also extended to retirees who meet the eligibility criteria. HOW TO APPLY For full consideration, submit a cover letter and résumé online via CUNY's web-based job system, addressing how your experience and credentials fulfill the responsibilities and qualifications outlined. The direct link to the job opening from external sources is: https://home.cunyfirst.cuny.edu/psp/cnyepprd/GUEST/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_CE.GBL?Page=HRS_CE_JOB_DTL&Action;=A&JobOpeningId;=18724&SiteId;=1&PostingSeq;=1 CLOSING DATE Open until filled with review of applications to begin May 22, 2018. JOB SEARCH CATEGORY CUNY Job Posting: Information Technology/Technical EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY CUNY encourages people with disabilities, minorities, veterans and women to apply. At CUNY, Italian Americans are also included among our protected groups. Applicants and employees will not be discriminated against on the basis of any legally protected category, including sexual orientation or gender identity. EEO/AA/Vet/Disability Employer.