Global Financial Crimes Predictive Analytics Team, Vice President Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: Reporting into the Head of Financial Crimes Predictive Analytics, this new position has been created for the purpose of establishing GFCD Operations Intelligence & Analytics capabilities for BTMU. Regional leads will be located in the Americas, Asia, EMEA and Japan. One of several key positions in the new Global Financial Crimes Division Operations function, this position will be responsible for supporting a team that provides a consistent and cohesive intelligence and analytics capability covering all financial crime risk taxonomies across all products, branches and entities where the bank operates. This team will support financial crimes investigations through intelligence, advanced analytics and technology encompassing data capture, network analysis and visualization, data analysis and in-depth thematic reviews. The incumbent is responsible for supporting leadership to ensure a globally consistent analytics effort that enables the proactive identification of potential financial crime risks. Major Responsibilities: In connection with the Global Financial Crimes program – Support the definition of predictive analytics to be leveraged and applied globally. Analyze structured data to identify potential financial crime risks using statistical modeling, segmentation strategies, optimization algorithms and data mining analyses (regression, predictive). Use advanced data visualization techniques to provide support to financial crimes investigations. Coordinate with regional Intelligence & Analytics teams to implement on the global model. Work collaboratively across functional teams within GFCD to ensure effective and efficient operations with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. Qualifications: Qualifications: Experience/Skills A Master’s Degree in Economics, Statistics, Mathematics or Biostatistics preferred. Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics or similar with 5+ years relevant experience will be considered. 7 plus years of internal or financial industry and compliance experience, preferably within a global organization in a role directly involved with business intelligence, or data analytics capacity. Understanding of database structures (such as SQL) and how to query data from Enterprise Data Warehouses. Knowledge of statistics, as well as experience with forecasting and prediction. Familiarity in working with large sets of data and synthesizing it into analyses and insights. Highly skilled proficiency in the use of spreadsheets, graphing, and presentations with a working knowledge of dashboards (mastery of Excel and polished in PowerPoint). Practical ability to visualize data, communicates about the data, and utilizes it effectively. Comfortable operating with data that is sometimes incomplete and/or messy. Experience interacting with the Executive Committee Leadership, control function leadership, and compliance subject matter experts Proven excellence in execution in complex and demanding situations Collaborative with strong interpersonal communication skills Systemic thinker across enterprise Process oriented couple with a strong ability to develop appropriate program enhancing strategies Detail-oriented and organized execution Executive level presentation skills An Enterprise Risk Management perspective Additional skills Experience interfacing with banking regulators and enforcement staff Thorough understanding of an effective financial crimes risk management framework Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously The ability to interact effectively at all levels of the organization, including Bank staff, management, directors and prudential regulators Ability to work autonomously and initiate and prioritize own work Ability to work with teams of project managers Solid judgment, strong negotiating skills, and a practical approach to implementation – including knowledge of Bank systems Ability to balance regulatory requirements with the best interests of the Bank and its customers The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.