Job Title: Middleware Systems Administrator The webMethods System Administrator will provide real-time technical support for environments and supported applications and technologies (SoftwareAG middleware such as webMethods Integration Server and Enterprise Service Bus, Broker, Universal Messaging, Database connectivity, AIX OS, others). Associate will research and resolve technical issues - defined and undefined, simple or complex related to the middleware system, OS, architecture, network, performance, and web applications. The Middleware Administrator will support Production and non-Production environments, including monitoring and break-fix responsibilities. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Establish, manage, maintain, install, configure, and update Middleware software across a mixed operating system environment that includes AIX and Windows operating systems Pro-actively review core fix, hot fix, and upgrade releases for applicability to company and infrastructure to maintain a secure and up-to-date middleware platform. Leads and executes all core fixes, hot fixes, and upgrades as guided by team lead. Develops and fully documents all processes related to release execution. Provide consistent pro-active monitoring of all system parameters in the production and non-production environments and take appropriate actions to maintain optimum performance Develop technical documentation and standards on systems and application design, engineering, monitoring, performance management and analysis for Middleware applications. Participate in on-call support structure for Middleware team by responding to emergency calls relating to middleware application server performance, diagnosis and resolution of problems as needed in order to meet defined service level agreements. Provide active participation in establishing and testing disaster recovery policies and procedures across all Middleware environments, for disaster recovery purpose. Provide for ability to rapidly scale out and provision middleware systems to meet demand though the use of programming languages, scripts and other methods of automation. Design, engineer and implement Middleware in such a way that applications could be load balanced and clustered to provide for high availability and performance requirements on premise as well as in the cloud. Independently research, review and provide recommendations for hardware and software capacity planning, performance management/improvements and stability improvements in a 24x7x365 environment. Support developers in troubleshooting middleware related issues and when necessary in communicating with middleware vendor for assistance. Support business by setting up connectivity between Airgas and external customers which can consist of, but is not limited to: SSL certs, AS2, and SFTP processes. Support infrastructure by maintaining, installing, updating required certifications across all middleware platforms. Works with management and security team to assist in implementing and enforcing security policies. Creates and manages user and security profiles, ensuring application security policies and procedures are adhered to. Other Activities include: Troubleshoot application issues related to middleware / web infrastructure. Parse logs for root cause analysis, distinguishing between system and application issues. Communicate effectively with team to inform of progress, request information, manage expectations and close out issues. Log, track and update tickets in adherence to our Change / Incident / Problem / Request Fulfillment Management Processes. Maintain and manage test environments as part of problem replication and resolution activities On-Call and after hours support - 24x7 Operational Support. Support Performance Tests. Monitor and support nightly batch and secure file transfers. Plan and Execute Annual Disaster Recovery Tests. Perform technical migrations and code migrations between environments. Compile appropriate reports as assigned by team lead (i.e. weekly status reports, monthly performance and monthly SLA report for application specific and infrastructure components). Maintain documentation regarding environment specific configuration. Ensure all proper change management and problem management processes are followed including identifying the overall architectural impacts when there are changes to the application environment. Participate in infrastructure, database and application upgrades as appropriate. Collaborate directly with team members for day-to-day operational support, issue resolution & escalation. QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Bachelors of Science degree in computer science, engineering, information technology or other related field 5+ years of experience in information technology area 3 – 5+ years’ experience in building, configuring, maintaining and administering a middleware platform (e.g. webMethods, wM Enterprise Service Bus, ActiveTransfer, Broker, Universal Messaging, Integration Server, Mashzone) in a mixed environment consisting of AIX and Windows operating systems 1+ years’ of Operating System experience or formal training (Windows or Unix, AIX preferred) General knowledge of SQL and scripting/programming languages a plus 1+ years’ of relational database experience or formal training (Oracle preferred) Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience with webMethods cloud integration preferred Familiarity with fundamental networking/distributed computing environment concepts; ability to check DNS entries; understands basic routing concepts Ability to resolve technical issues, and escalate for assistance as appropriate General knowledge of workflow, middleware, and web server technology PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Spends 70% of the time sitting, and 30% of the time either standing or walking while in the office. Occasionally stoops, kneels, crouches, climbs, balances, crawls, and reaches. Oral and auditory capacity enabling interpersonal communication as well as communication through automated devices such as the telephone. Visual capacity enabling frequent use of computer equipment. Frequent use of eye, hand, and finger coordination enabling the use of automated office machinery. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate and the work environment is an office or home office setting. Qualifications EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability