Who we’re looking for: The Recording Academy – the organization behind the world-famous GRAMMY® Awards – is seeking a Chief Digital Officer to set the vision, provide needle- moving leadership, and deliver best-in-class initiatives in its continuing mission to create a comprehensive omni-channel digital strategy across the company. Reporting to the President / CEO, the Chief Digital Officer (CDO) is accountable for all digital operations and driving both transformation and growth (reach, engagement, revenue) across audiences, fans, members, and sponsors in the digital media space. Leveraging the digital foundation already in place, the CDO will build and manage an organization across digital audiences, digital platforms, and digital operations. What you’ll do: The ideal candidate is a digital subject matter expert and evangelist who builds awareness, understanding, and realistic expectations with internal teams, stakeholders, and external partners. Communicating with internal department heads and business leads, the CDO ensures strategy alignment, collaboration, and streamlined operations. In addition to leading the ongoing digital media vision across The Recording Academy, the CDO directly responsible for managing four key areas: Analytics & Data Strategy Through the collection and synthesis of quantitative, qualitative, and research data, the Analytics & Data team is responsible for establishing a data-driven culture at the Recording Academy, ultimately measuring the performance of its emerging digital ecosystem to its business priorities and overall mission. Product Strategy & Development Responsible for the digital transformation of the Recording Academy through the strategic planning, daily operations, and ongoing delivery of its digital product development efforts. This includes websites, mobile, video products, and infrastructure projects, as well as emerging platform initiatives like voice, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality. Content Strategy & Production This team is tasked with forging a daily relationship with the Recording Academy, its fans and members, and the larger music industry through the ongoing creation of editorial, video, and most recently, audio content. The intent is to increase the Recording Academy’s visibility in the industry, provide added value to its membership, and grow the digital business across an expanding portfolio of properties and channels. Audience Development The Audience Development team’s role is twofold. On one hand, it is responsible for the development and monetization of digital partnerships that create revenue for the organization, while furthering its ever-evolving digital strategy. It also oversees Social Media, creating fan and industry facing amplification programs that provide digital awareness and engagement to the Recording Academy’s mission, as well as its various affiliates and programs. Overseeing the Digital Media department based in Santa Monica, CA, this position reports directly to the President / CEO and manages a team of 25+ full-time professionals, as well as various external partners and business relationships. Responsibilities Sets the vision and defines a comprehensive omni-channel digital strategy across the organization Collaborates with Marketing to ensure appropriate brand representation and incorporation of marketing strategies. Obtains buy-in and commitment for the digital strategy across all stakeholders Defines budgets and measurable goals for the digital vision; owns the digital P&L; Translates the strategy into operational plans and a roadmap to incrementally build capabilities Centralizes current digital resources, operations and capabilities into a single team/function Defines a digital governance model and align on a green lighting/change management process Utilizes customer and channel insights to inform new products, services, and user experiences Connects with experts in the organization and the broader industry, primarily through an already existing Tech & Innovation Subcommittee Regularly updates the digital strategy / roadmap to reflect the latest innovations, changes in competition, and shifts in the market Drives for tangible and measurable results to be reported to board of directors / trustees Skills & experience toolbox: 10+ years of general management experience in digital or eCommerce 10+ years in business leadership roles with 5+ years in strategic leadership roles 5+ years of experience in collaborating, leading cross divisional teams, and effectively managing multiple priorities and multiple teams Experience translating business strategy into operating plans and developing robust division-level strategies with oversight through implementation Experience with best-in-class strategy formulation and evaluation processes and techniques Outstanding track record of delivering quality digital channel products and services for members/customers Speak multiple business languages (IT, Marketing, Strategy, Finance) Experience implementing emerging digital technologies (voice-activated, machine learning, artificial intelligence, AR / VR, chatbots, etc) Experience developing and producing content campaigns with a daily cadence across multiple content types, including text, image, video, and audio Experience executing an ongoing social media strategy across multiple platforms, successfully demonstrating growth, reach, and engagement Experience effectively monetizing I.P. & digital content that is contextually relevant on-demand Experience strengthening major brands thru multiple marketing channels and social media Consummate digital media service provider with experience in Paid, Earned and Owned content Experience in developing or redesign of infrastructure for consumer facing websites Developing mobile 1st responsive design strategies across multiple mobile devices Broadcast/Telecast experience focusing on 2nd screen user experience Analytics and Predictive Analytics (Google Premium Analytics, Omniture, Marin, Heat mapping) Drupal, AWS Hosting, and CMS Experience (Open Text, Adobe) CRM experience emphasizing increased user engagement & ARPU, and decreased churn Cloud, Server Scale Testing, Load Testing, and SaaS Experience Responsive Design, Reference Architecture design, HTML 5 vs Native Experience Social listening tools and Ad Serving (e.g. Sprinklr, Radianc6, Netbase Passion Index, Adobe) Physical demands for certain roles: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and sit for long periods of time, and work at a computer for long periods of time. The employee will be required to lift and/or move up to 60 pounds. ABOUT THE RECORDING ACADEMY AND ITS AFFILIATES RECORDING ACADEMY The Recording Academy represents the voices of performers, songwriters, producers, engineers, and all music professionals. Dedicated to ensuring the recording arts remain a thriving part of our shared cultural heritage, the Academy honors music's history while investing in its future through the GRAMMY Museum, advocates on behalf of music creators, supports music people in times of need through MusiCares, and celebrates artistic excellence through the GRAMMY Awards—music's only peer-recognized accolade and highest achievement. As the world's leading society of music professionals, we work year-round to foster a more inspiring world for creators. GRAMMY MUSEUM Established in 2008 as a partnership between the Recording Academy and AEG, the GRAMMY Museum is a non-profit organization dedicated to cultivating a greater understanding of the history and significance of music. Paying tribute to our collective musical heritage, the Museum explores and celebrates all aspects of the art form—from the technology of the recording process to the legends who've made lasting marks on our cultural identity. In 2017, the Museum integrated with its sister organization, the GRAMMY Foundation, to broaden the reach of its music education and preservation initiatives. As a unified organization, today, the GRAMMY Museum fulfills its mission of making music a valued and indelible part of our society through exhibits, education, grants, and public programming. MUSICARES A friend and ally of the music community, MusiCares was established by the Recording Academy to safeguard the health and well-being of all music people. A four-star charity and safety net in times of need, MusiCares offers confidential preventative, recovery, and emergency programs to address financial, medical, and personal health issues. Through the generosity of our donors and volunteer professionals, our dedicated team works across the country to ensure the music community has the resources and support it needs. LATIN RECORDING ACADEMY The Latin Recording Academy is an international, membership-based organization comprised of Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking recording artists, musicians, songwriters, producers and other creative and technical recording professionals. The organization is dedicated to improving the quality of life and cultural condition for Latin music and its makers. In addition to producing the Latin GRAMMY Awards to honor excellence in the recorded arts and sciences, The Latin Recording Academy provides educational and outreach programs for the Latin music community either directly or through its Latin GRAMMY Cultural Foundation _®_. Equal Opportunity: The Recording Academy provides equal opportunity in programs and employment and is strongly committed to maintaining a climate supportive of respect for differences and equality of opportunity. We promote excellence through diversity and encourage all qualified individuals to apply.