Ring is currently seeking for a highly motivated eCommerce Analytics Manager to join the Ring Web and eCommerce team in our Santa Monica, CA office. This individual will be responsible for developing analytics and testing standards as well as delivering the data insights from various systems. This is a roll- up your sleeves and dig into the data position that requires both an excellent knowledge of Web and eCommerce data points and the ability to look inside and outside the box to expose actionable data insights that drive the Ring web’s future. Responsibilities Responsible for developing the Web & eCommerce analytics center. Create reports and dashboards by pulling and aggregating data to deliver a steady stream of reporting and analytics that support store objectives. Provide ad-hoc analytics reports that measure different Web & eCommerce activities. Work with digital marketing to create a holistic view from demand generation to checkout. Be an active contributor to web and store planning and competitive analysis to drive improvements. Delivering unique actionable insights and recommendations for change and optimization. Build governance and communication plans around the implementation and communication of analytics projects. Skills and Qualifications Advanced knowledge of web analytics and associated tools. Ability to produce on-time quality deliverables in a deadline driven environment while balancing multiple priorities. 3 + years of experience with analytics and a proven track record in driving tangible results and actionable insight. Excellent organization, time management and problem-solving skills, along with a high degree of flexibility. About Ring Ring's mission is to reduce crime in neighborhoods and empower consumers by creating a Ring of Security around homes and communities with its suite of smart home security products: Ring Video Doorbell, Ring Video Doorbell Pro, Ring Stick Up Cam and the new Ring Floodlight Cam. With these security devices, Ring has created the neighborhood watch for the digital age and continues to keep homes around the world safe. For more information, visit www.ring.com. With Ring, you're always home. _Ring LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants with our regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Ring Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities._