We are now looking for a IT Director - Cloud and DevOps - to lead our growing team of developers /operations gurus with a service reliability mindset. A successful candidate will have a passion for automation, monitoring, self-service and cloud based technologies. If you are a technical leader who is passionate about DevOps and can lead teams, this role is for you! Enterprise Applications partners with BU’s on enabling operational efficiency, growth and innovation for Nvidia. We are looking for a leader who can provide strategic direction and continuously improve a delivery pipeline for critical workloads (both packaged and custom developed) from design to deployment while ensuring high quality of health, reliability and availability. In addition, there is a growing demand to enable and run cloud solutions for interesting, complex and customer facing use cases for automotive, engineering, marketing and other BUs in addition to executing on the roadmap to bring internal IT applications into the cloud. This is an extraordinary opportunity to incubate and build DevOps mindset cloud capabilities within IT. What makes this role strategic and interesting is its unique partnership with BUs externally as well as multi-functionally internally within IT to build the right alignments for success – the scope is huge. What you’ll be doing: You will establish a team of engineers with service mindset, chartered with driving organizational discipline in devops while also assuring service reliability for customer facing workloads with a roadmap to the cloud. Your team will be responsible for developing, deploying, maintaining applications with a focus on end-user experience, performance, scalability, availability, and DR for vital and critical workloads starting with customer facing applications and compute farm. Specify, design, develop, and implement DevOps frameworks and solutions. Including but not limited to, continuous integration/continuous deployment pipelines, cloud deployment/management strategies, and various levels of automation Collaborate with internal IT teams and BUs to foster successful partnerships critical to the design, development, testing, and implementation of automated/continuous deployment solutions Guide a team of talented Site Reliability Engineers to effectively deliver critical tools and services to the development organization, while maintaining focus on continuous improvement Provide architectural input for system design to improve scalability, reliability and availability of applications Engagement with business units and IT teams on demand and capacity management Operationalize the demand management process and raise concerns when usage is atypical. Data analysis for a more reliable predictive forecasting model Drive architectural decision-making, influence technology consumption and build solutions that solve complex problems with elegant, timely, quickly, thoughtful, reusable software Load testing, utilization metrics, role-based access control Trend analysis, component monitoring and e2e monitoring Establish processes and tools to maintain code base integrity, including validation rules, branch/merge processes, and adherence to security and compliance requirements Investigate and recommend best practices for maintaining code quality, including development of code metrics, code review workflows, code coverage measurement and the efficient use of static and dynamic analysis Are you willing to continually stay on top of the latest industry products and technologies, and able to internalize how new technologies can be integrated into NVIDIA’s IT workflow to drive efficiency gains? Do you tout strong experience with simultaneously handling immediate business priorities/projects while driving the overarching strategic visions of the company? Do you possess a history of building and maintaining effective global teams, as well as successfully leading and driving strategic changes in large dynamic organizations? Do you have a deep personal interest and enthusiasm for the technologies and processes that allow NVIDIA employees to perform at their best? What we need to see: Bachelor/Master’s degree in relevant area and equivalent work experience. Minimum 10 years of experience in a hands on IT operations or engineering role with at least 5 years leading / managing a DevOps teams at a senior level. Leadership skills, business insight, and an ability to lead and operate at both a micro and macro level. Strong social skills, specifically a demonstrated ability to effectively guide and influence within a dynamic matrix environment. Techno functional with a strong awareness of end user experience with metric driven culture Passionate about problem solving automation and innovation. Experience operating a fast paced, SaaS service with 24x7 availability requirements Strong knowledge of public clouds like Amazon AWS and their APIs Ways to stand out from the crowd: Strong knowledge of the Dev Ops tool chains; Puppet, Chef, git, terraform, cloud formation etc. Strong cloud experience Background in high-tech industry, preferred Experience working with diverse multi-functional technical teams With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers; we have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and, due to unparalleled growth, our elite teams are rapidly growing. If you're creative and autonomous with a real passion for your work, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.