Hurtling through space, diving down a mountain in a log, careening out of control in the jungle… ever imagine engineering these exhilarating adventures for Disney guests around the world? Superhero flight, outdueling a space fighter, cartoon-like motions… how would you pull these off? Are you interested in the challenges of making these reality-defying, emotive experiences work under real world constraints, while providing the illusion of journeys beyond people’s wildest dreams? Perform Control Systems network and software security engineering activities related to attractions ride control systems. Provide technical oversight to the project team members performing control systems security engineering tasks through all applicable project phases: blue sky system definition, mock ups, systems design, detailed design, system integration, and supporting infrastructure, production, installation, test and adjust, and commissioning. Adhere to systems engineering processes and discipline, and enforce policy and standards especially in the areas of and relating to systems, network and software security. Take responsibility for budget, schedule, and quality of attraction related deliverables within your responsibility. Disney rides set the standard for world class attractions. As Imagineers, we adhere to systems engineering processes and standards to ensure the quality our Guests have come to expect. We are constantly striving for improvement in everything we do. Occasional relocations to one of our resort area locations in Paris, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Orlando, or “the next great location” offer unique, rewarding, and culturally immersive experiences. Durations typically allow for a continuous 6 months to well over a year at one of these sites where you will be installing, testing, and being amongst the “first riders” of the ride you just helped design, build, and commission. [videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4KIO6hD6E0?rel=0{560,315}/video] [videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ4tsxAB2M4?rel=0{560,315}/video] MCSE, CCNA, CISSP, GICSP or other relevant security certification strongly preferred • As a minimum: Bachelor of Science Degree in engineering, computer science or related field from an accredited University 5 to 12 years of experience in the IT engineering field as related to system and network security design, engineering, installation and commissioning for industrial process and control systems controlling vital [electromechanical] systems • Available to travel domestically or internationally when required for periods of up to two years • Experience with several of the following technologies / platforms: Beckoff, Rockwell, Siemens, remote/networked I/O, etc. • Able to provide technical design and guidance at a systems security and network security level for Industrial Control Systems and Ride Control Systems or equivalent. • In-depth understanding of network design and security, and firewall and router specification and configuration for both hardwired and wireless systems • Able to perform Vulnerability Assessments, and develop Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP), and Network security systems • Develop Ride Control Security System Architecture • Perform engineering level network analysis & simulation • System Integration and qualification testing • Field Integration (Test & Adjust) • Knowledge and familiarity with relevant Cybersecurity and Industrial Standards • Proficient in the operation and troubleshooting of industrial computer operating systems • Extensive knowledge of network security architecture components (e.g. Firewalls, VPNs, RSA Secure ID) and management of these components • Hands on experience analyzing or reviewing events from firewalls, IDS, HIPS, Windows AD event logs, syslog, anti-virus, virtual machines, file integrity, and vulnerability scanners • Experience with testing intrusion detection rules to validate the operation and expected results • Experience in analyzing intrusion events in an integrated control enterprise environment • Provide system to project-level technical and administrative oversight for the system design, engineering, prototyping, installation and commissioning for ride control systems cybersecurity being developed for or installed in the Disney Resorts; this oversight includes Disney employees, leased workers, contractors and ride vendors • Develop a solid understanding of our attraction architectures and security requirements for our Ride Control Systems. • Develop and update cybersecurity policies and procedures for our ride systems to ensure compliance with current standards. • Perform cyber vulnerability assessments and penetration testing. • Analyze, evaluate, and advise our Ride Control Systems Engineers on cybersecurity issues and solutions implementation. • Work with the Ride Control Systems Architects to ensure the correct level of hardware and software are included to minimize internal and external threats. • Develop recommendations, standards and procedures on the implementation and improvement where needed. • Help insure the relevant tools and methods are adequately trained and have been efficiently used to perform the job • Understand and review system security designs for Disney’s ride control systems • Troubleshoot and resolve installation conflicts, incompatibilities and other related problems Perform similar duties as the Ride Controls Security Engineer Staff SME, plus: • Technically capable to execute and lead all of the cybersecurity, systems and network security development, prototyping, simulation, and facility interfaces for complex ride systems used on free ranging vehicles • Develop, review and defend detailed task based estimates (labor and material) for ride control cybersecurity, systems and network security from design through commissioning • Responsible as the Ride Control Security Engineer for multiple attractions • Leading and performing the cybersecurity and system security design, engineering, integration and installation on moderate complexity control systems • The control systems represent approximately five networks confined to the ride system (plus upward connectivity) with potentially different manufacturers control systems 422812