Spotify is looking for a Data Engineer to join us. You will build data driven solutions to bring music and digital media experiences to our 100 million active users and millions of artists either by working directly on product features, publishing and insight tools for artists, or by improving the quality of our data tools and large scale data infrastructure. You will take on complex data-related problems using some of the most diverse datasets available — user behaviors, acoustical analysis, revenue streams, cultural and contextual data, and other signals across our broad range of mobile and connected platforms. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. What you’ll do Build large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines with data processing frameworks like Scalding, Scio, Storm, Spark and the Google Cloud Platform. Leverage best practices in continuous integration and delivery. Help drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality. Collaborate with other engineers, ML experts and stakeholders, taking learning and leadership opportunities that will arise every single day. Work in cross functional agile teams to continuously experiment, iterate and deliver on new product objectives. Who you are You know how to work with high volume heterogeneous data, preferably with distributed systems such as Hadoop, BigTable, and Cassandra. You are knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques. You care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation. You understand the value of collaboration within teams. We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.