The Research Analyst will work as part of a dynamic team conducting contraceptive research with community college students and young adults in California. Under the direction of the Research Director and Principal Investigator (PI), the Research Analyst will plan studies, including literature review, design of survey instruments and reporting procedures, and liaising with field sites and the advisory board; collaborate on research design, documentation, testing and implementation, including refinement of study procedures and quality assurance measures, participant recruitment, data collection, and provision of health information to study participants; maintain and develop research gathering, retrieval and reporting systems, including secure data transfer; and gather, analyze and summarize research data, including qualitative analysis using Atlas.ti and preparation of scientific presentations and manuscripts. This position is based at the Laurel Heights campus and requires substantial travel to field sites, meetings and conferences throughout California and the US. BIXBY CENTER BEYOND THE PILL PROGRAM The Bixby Center’s Beyond the Pill Program promotes access and equity in contraceptive health care through innovative research, training and education. Beyond the Pill is a program of UCSF’s Bixby Center for Global Reproductive Health within the Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Reproductive Sciences (OB/GYN & RS), San Francisco General Hospital (SFGH) Division. OBSTETRICS, GYNECOLOGY & REPRODUCTIVE SCIENCE The Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Reproductive Sciences (Ob/Gyn & RS) is a major academic Department in the School of Medicine, engaged in clinical, research, and training activities at the Parnassus, Mt. Zion and San Francisco General Hospital (SFGH) campuses, as well as satellite locations throughout the Bay Area, with an annual operating budget of $77.2 million and the new Betty Irene Moore Women’s Hospital at Mission Bay. The OBGYN Department has 102 full-time faculty, 136 other academic appointees, 39 post- doctoral fellows, 20 clinical fellows, 36 residents, 136 voluntary clinical faculty, and 266 staff. The mission of the UCSF Department of OBGYN & Reproductive Sciences is to improve the lives and health of all women through excellence, innovation and leadership in Patient Care, Scientific Discovery, Education, Advocacy. “Leading the way in women’s health.” ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.