What You'll Do We are looking for a Marketing Data Analyst to join Cisco’s Global Service Provider Marketing team. You will help to craft Cisco’s marketing strategies by leading analyses and summarizing key business insights. You will connect business, marketing, BU and Sales information to create powerful insights that support our marketing strategy, planning and execution. You will find patterns in data as you draw from and build on your skillset of extensive data analysis techniques and help craft stories that moves beyond the data and explains the why. The Marketing Data Analyst will be primarily responsible for leading analytical modeling, discrete event simulation and data optimization projects for Service Provider Marketing organization. You will be responsible for analyzing large Cisco data sets, developing custom models, authoring deployable algorithms and reporting results. Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing insights Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using Marketing Analytics solutions Execute data driven analysis to provide answers to adhoc business questions Simplify and visualize results for mass consumption by non-technical audiences across the company Manage and compile data from various sources to provide business insights across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data types Develop, run, and validate predictive models under mentorship from Senior Data Scientists and in partnership with the Marketing analytics team Apply expertise in statistical modeling techniques like time-series, factor, principal component, regression analysis to deliver insightful findings Prepare results to be communicated in a way that informs and drives the organization to action Engage with global clients to understand, document, and deliver against reporting needs to serve various business cadence Analyze trends in dashboards & reports, combined with operating context of Cisco Marketing and provide value-added insights Work across groups with which the reporting team is dependent (data quality, technology, and data warehouse teams) to prioritize enhancements in these upstream data sources for delivering report requirements Manage and work with vendor teams both directly and indirectly managed as well as onshore and offshore to accordingly prioritize and deliver against reporting needs of the business - this includes stakeholder management to ensure expectations are properly set and maintained Design different dash boards and algorithms for business user cases to solve problems. Work with management to prioritize business information needs Locate and define new process improvement opportunities Who You’ll Work With The GSP Marketing Team is passionate about marketing not just to be innovative, but we transform innovation into value for our Customers. We are responsible for delivering world-class content and thought leadership, devising inspiring campaigns and interactive journeys. We are poised to take an established business to the next level, by anticipating Customer needs and delivering on the cutting edge. Our Customers are not just industry leaders, but are redefining the world through the empowerment of technology - with Cisco by their side Who You Are 5+ years of B2B marketing analytics and/or marketing funnel attributions Forecasting, predictive analysis (regression, cluster analysis, hypothesis testing, model training) You have knowledge and experience with two or more of the following: Databases Management, Data modeling, Database architecture, ETL Processing, Data Integration (API Connections and Querying) You are proficient in working with Business Intelligence Platforms: Adobe Analytics, Excel, DOMO, SQL, Python, Tableau You have demonstrable experience using data visualization to tell compelling stories with data Intellectual curiosity and ability to handle ambiguity but seek clarification when needed You have strong hands-on data analysis, discovery and track record of delivering insights from data Able to sustain quick turnaround times for research and data analysis Strong knowledge of Excel and Powerpoint Solid ability to translate large amounts of data into crisp business insights for technical and non-technical audiences Strong team-player who can execute effectively across the entire lifecycle of data analysis You have experience in a matrixed organization, ability to form collaborations Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco