Our Exciting Work Environment This position will be based out of Delaware North’s new global headquarters, a state-of-the-art, 12-story, mixed-use building in downtown Buffalo, N.Y. The headquarters facility, reflective of our values, integrates the latest advances in environmental, energy conservation and office design. The Opportunity We will consider remote, US-based, candidates who are willing to travel to our headquarters in Buffalo as needed This role leads the research, definition, development, recommendation and implementation of large & complex cloud solutions. This includes architecting the solution, piloting, first time implementation, documentation and standardization for repeatable deployment. The focus of this position will be all DN’s existing cloud infrastructure. As well, this person will have responsibility for leading how to move on property systems to our cloud infrastructure and how to integrate our various cloud infrastructures as needed. The Cloud Architect sets the standard for system implementation, support, change management & development lifecycles. Additionally this role serves as Level III engineer support requiring a deeper knowledge of systems or development. This person assists with management of the vendor development space for work as well. Maintains currency and compliance of system environments – keeping current of changes for vendor, security and platform releases. Technical definition, development, delivery, and evolution of large and complex cloud projects. Assisting with implementation, testing and support of client Cloud applications and integrated solutions. Understanding of budget cycles, justification and process. Follows change and incident management processes. Project Coordinator for new and existing projects. Leads communication internally to team, management and vendors. As well, is expected to effectively communicate at a senior leadership level. Maintain regulatory compliance of applications and environment All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelors degree and 2-5 Years Application Support & AWS Experience, 10+ Years professional experience in the field of Information Technology. Required Skills: Excellent communication and troubleshooting skills. Ability to multi-task across many projects and issues. Experience developing knowledge base and business process documentation. Experience working in a PCI compliant organization/environment. MS Windows delivered applications, testing and troubleshooting. Senior programming knowledge (multiple platforms/languages). AWS certified and experienced. Knowledge of other IAAS services. Understanding of SAAS. Experienced in leading DevOps. Experience working in a team atmosphere using collaboration and versioning tools. Experience with unit testing/tools. Cloud Computing; Architecture & Implementation. Point-of-Sale applications and architecture. Experience with SQL Experience with logging tools Experience with mobile technologies and OS, iOS, Android, various browsers. Will be required to work On-Call during all hours on a rotating calendar. Occasional over night shifts required to accomplish tasks that require business interruption Who We Are Delaware North is one of the largest privately owned-and-operated hospitality companies in the world. Our $3 billion enterprise stems from our family of subsidiaries operating across sports and entertainment venues, national and state parks, destination resorts and restaurants, airports and travel hubs, and gaming properties. Serving more than a half a billion guests annually, our 55,000 associates are dedicated to creating special experiences at more than 200 locations across the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore. This position will be based out of Delaware North’s new global headquarters, a state-of-the-art, 12-story, mixed-use building in downtown Buffalo, N.Y. The headquarters facility, reflective of our values, integrates the latest advances in environmental, energy conservation and office design. At Delaware North, you will find a culture rooted in entrepreneurial spirit, innovation and future-thinking. We believe deeply in the value of our associates and high-performing teams. Whether it’s the Australian Open, the Grammys, the World Series, dinner at a world-class resort or experiencing the national wonder of the Grand Canyon, we’re working passionately to make special experiences extraordinary. To learn more, visit www.delawarenorth.com. All applicants may be subject to a pre-employment background and/or drug testing. Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer. LI-PE1