Office 365/Exchange Architect Microsoft Exchange Server Microsoft Exchange Online/Office365 Active Directory SharePoint migrations to SharePoint online Design a large enterprise-level solution upon technical, application and business requirements Capacity planning, disaster recovery, performance tuning and testing, logical and physical architecture design Knowledge to develop and execute complex deployment scenarios Consulting to support hybrid platform solutions and platform rationalization for customers. Environmental changes – consolidation, platform upgrades, and divestitures of Exchange and Active Directory platforms. Migrations from old Exchange to Exchange 2013 and Office365 Understanding of Public Folder and PST migration complexities. Dell/Quest, Binary Tree, Bit Titan and other migration tools Archiving solutions such as EMC, Symantec Evault, etc. Hygiene solutions such as: Iron Port, Forefront, Message labs, etc. Job Location : Woodland Hills, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : Yes, 50 % of the Time Job Posting : Jul 25 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.