In the ever evolving world of technology, an organization's data is a fundamental asset. The global data architecture team that supports Hewlett Packard Enterprise is responsible for collaborating with business stakeholders, developers, support and other IT staff to ensure our solutions are built on a world-class enterprise model. Members of this team work with other architects to set standards, develop models to support business objects and motions, and ensure the governance of the data in these models is consistent across the overall enterprise model. Having developed many complex data models during your career, you are excited by the challenge of being a player-coach, helping to develop the skills of your team members and working with them and others to show how the use and governance of data can significantly improve the quality of applications systems, provide more flexible and agile solutions, and reduce time-to-market and cost of ownership in the long run. Responsibilities : Drive the data architecture design for new and existing software application platforms. Define data standards / reference architectures for use by project teams in developing technical designs. Define and drive data governance across multiple project teams. Assess industry standards for information models and translate them into improvements in the company’s software development framework. Deliver well-defined data design documentation and data models that guide and inform project software development teams. Define performance and scalability requirements and validate based on performance and scalability testing. Leverage proven experience to deliver innovative, highly scalable and reliable solutions. Drive technical design reviews to ensure predictable product delivery with high quality. Work closely with business, product management and customers to establish and validate data design requirements. Work collaboratively with and across multiple development teams to align data architecture. Define and develop a data migration or bridging strategy for existing systems that need to migrate to a next generation application software platform. Education and Experience Required: A Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent 4 year degree is required, a Masters in Computer Science, Management Information System or Math is preferred. 10 years of experience as an Enterprise Data Architect within a large corporate IT environment. Knowledge and Skills Required : Knowledge of Enterprise Architecture Fundamentals; exposure to Enterprise Architecture software tools desirable. Ability to understand how the data relates to the current operations and the effects that any future process changes will have on the use of data in the organization. Ability to translate business needs into architecture requirements. Ability to maximize the data resources by reducing redundancy, enabling accessibility within security boundaries, fostering corporate understanding of the meaning of the data (meta data management). Ability to serve as the liaison between business users and different IT teams. Must be able to understand and communicate the data requirements of any future infrastructure needs, working with the IT architects to develop an approach that fits the current and planned needs of the organization. Ability to develop standards for naming, describing, governing, managing, modeling, storing, cleansing, transforming, searching and delivering ALL data within the enterprise. Experience in data integration and data conversions. Able to work with an enterprise architects to adhere to the latest development standards of the enterprise. Excellent skills in data management, data modeling, data services, reporting, and analytics as well as the tools used to support these areas. Excellent interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, negotiation, and conflict resolution. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. LI-GM1 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.