"Who May Apply All potential applicants are strongly urged to read this entire vacancy announcement to ensure that they meet all of the requirements for this position before applying. No applicant will be considered who has previously been separated from the Foreign Service under sections 607 (Retirement for Expiration of Time-in- Class), 608 (Retirement Based on Relative Performance), 610 (Separation for Cause), or 612 (Termination of Limited Appointment) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu of separation under these provisions. In addition, no candidate will be considered who has previously been separated from the Foreign Service for failure to receive a career appointment to a position in the same skill code under Section 306 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu thereof. If you previously applied for this position under STS-2014-0004 which closed October 29, 2014, we have waived the one year requirement for reapplying and you are eligible to reapply to this announcement. Duration Appointment Permanent Career Status after being tenured in the Foreign Service by the Specialist Tenure Board. Marketing Statement The Department of State is developing a rank-order list of eligible hires to fill entry-level Foreign Service Security Technical Specialist vacancies. The specific number to be hired will depend on the needs and resources of the Foreign Service. Grade and Starting Salary Range: FP-06, $39,166 - $57,517 Summary The U.S. Department of State is the lead foreign affairs agency in formulating and implementing the Presidents foreign policy and in representing U.S. interests throughout the world. The Department carries out this mission at over 275 embassies and consulates around the world, at offices in the metropolitan Washington, D.C. area, and at other locations in the United States. Foreign Service Security Technical Specialists (STS) assist in the worldwide technical security programs that provide protection for Department of State facilities and personnel from technical espionage, acts of terrorism, and crime. The Foreign Service is more than a job its a career. As a member of a diplomatic team, you will not only help accomplish the mission of the Department of State, but you will also be a representative of the United States of America to the people of other nations. A Foreign Service career involves uncommon commitments and occasional hardships, as well as unique rewards and opportunities. The decision to enter this career should be based on extraordinary motivation and a firm dedication to public service. Many overseas posts are in small or remote countries where harsh climates, health hazards, and other discomforts exist and where American-style amenities and the latest in technological advances often are unavailable. Personal security frequently becomes an area of concern in countries where there is political unrest or terrorist activity. However, careers in the Foreign Service offer special rewards, including the pride and satisfaction of representing the United States and protecting U.S. interests abroad. The Foreign Service strives to maintain diversity in the representation of gender, geographic region, race and ethnicity within its work force. Key Requirements All applicants, in order to be considered for selection, must: Be a U.S. citizen. Be at least 20 years old to apply and at least 21 years of age to be appointed. By law (Foreign Service Act of 1980), all career candidates (except for preference-eligible veterans) must be appointed to the Foreign Service prior to the month in which they reach age 60. Be available for worldwide service. Be able to obtain a Top Secret Security Clearance. Be able to obtain an appropriate Medical Clearance for Foreign Service work. Obtain a Suitability Clearance, based on a review of the candidate's record for conduct in accordance with suitability standards defined in Chapter 3 of the Foreign Affairs Manual. For more details see http://careers.state.gov/work/foreign-service/specialist/selection-process or http://www.state.gov/m/a/dir/regs/fam If 59-1/2 years of age or over and claiming a 5 pt. veteran's preference, you must submit a copy of your DD-214. If claiming a 10 pt. veterans preference, you must submit your VA letter and SF-15, in addition to your DD-214. (Required if preference eligible.) NOTE: Individuals who have been found unsuitable for employment by a Department of State Final Review Panel for Suitability within the previous two years are ineligible to apply (unless the individual was a candidate for a Special Agent or Security Protective Specialist position with the Diplomatic Security Service and the decision to deny eligibility was based on the candidates inability to fulfill the unique duties of that position and not based on other suitability standards). Major Duties DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES The duties of a Security Technical Specialist vary according to the size of the post and the requirements of the specific diplomatic mission. At various times at posts around the world, or in domestic locations, the following are examples of the types of duties and responsibilities assigned to Security Technical Specialists. This list is neither exhaustive, nor in priority order: Install technical security system equipment and components. Assist and/or perform surveys, system specifications, and installations. Ensure vehicle barriers, X-ray machines, forced entry ballistic resistant (FEBR) doors, walk-through metal detectors and explosive detection equipment are fully operational. Repair and preventative maintenance of technical security systems. Verification-of-operation tests of technical security systems. Travel to overseas embassies and consulates. Use sophisticated electronic test equipment: oscilloscopes, time domain reflectometers, etc. Bench repair to the component level of defective technical security system equipment. Manage equipment logistics shipping, receiving, Bill-of-Materials (BOM) preparation. Equipment Inventory tracking, spare parts, ordering. Organize workshops, shop tools, equipment, parts, and supplies. Work with host country personnel (local nationals) when required. Test new-generation technical security equipment. Assist in the technical aspects of criminal investigations. Assist in the technical security support rendered to the Secretary of State. Manage training programs for various technical security systems. Train technical personnel at posts as required. In the execution of any of these duties and tasks, STS personnel may frequently be required to: Work in confined areas such as crawlspaces, attics, utility pits, tunnels, manholes, and other confined spaces. Work from heights to include rooftops, ledges, bucket trucks, scaffolding, and extension ladders. Perform manual installation operations to include hammer drilling, core drilling, pulling wire, installing conduit, and terminating cable. Move heavy objects, such as crates, building materials, motor-generators that may be oversized and weigh in excess of 70 lbs. Travel and work in hostile environments such as war zones, areas of civil and political strife, and in regions of the world having extreme climates. Education High School Diploma/GED (required) SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE Applicants may substitute educational achievements for specialized experience. Each time period of related formal academic, technical, vocational, or trade school education may be substituted for the equivalent time period of specialized experience up to a maximum of two years. Qualifying educational experience may be one or more of the following: An associates degree in any electronics or electro-mechanical specialty. Vocational or military training in any electronics or electro-mechanical specialty. Formal job-related classroom training, equipment manufacturers schools, etc. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet Federal job requirements for this position if the applicant can show that foreign education is comparable to education received in the United States. It is the responsibility of the applicant to provide such evidence when applying for Federal jobs. To view how foreign education is evaluated for federal jobs, please visit http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp. Experience: SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must have at least 3 years of specialized experience which demonstrates the ability to troubleshoot and repair electronic, electrical, and/or electromechanical systems and equipment, and is supported by work experience in this discipline. QUALIFYING SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: Examples of experience include the following: Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of AC power distribution systems, motor-generators Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of motors, motor controls, disconnects, relays Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of low voltage DC electronic systems Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of low voltage DC electromechanical systems Use, repair, and/or calibration of electronic test equipment meters, oscilloscopes Bench repair of electronic, electrical, and electromechanical equipment to the component level Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of mechanical and electromechanical locking systems electronic strikes, locks Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of pedestrian and vehicular access control systems door controls, vehicle barriers / arrest Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of closed-circuit television (CCTV) systems monitors, cameras, switches Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of metal detectors hand held, walk through Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of radio communications systems, voice and digital communications networks Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of Intrusion Detection Systems alarms, detectors, sensors Troubleshooting, maintenance, repair and installation of Public Address Systems emergency notification systems, intercoms Qualifications: Applicants must be U.S. citizens between the ages of 20 and 59. Superior Oral and Written Communication Skills: In order to pass the Foreign Services thorough and competitive assessment process, successful candidates must consistently meet a high standard of both written (overall structure as well as grammar, spelling and punctuation) and spoken (overall structure as well as delivery, clarity and succinctness) English Those who fall short of this standard will have little chance of passing through the Foreign Services highly competitive assessment process. Prior to appointment, Security Technical Specialist candidates must undergo a thorough background investigation to determine eligibility for a Top Secret security clearance and suitability for appointment to the Foreign Service. Candidates must undergo an extensive medical examination to obtain a Class 1 medical clearance for worldwide service. In addition, Security Technical Specialist candidates must meet supplementary physical standards to include, but not limited to, additional vision and hearing requirements. The standards for the Security Technical Specialist position can be found at http://careers.state.gov/downloads/download-center in documents entitled ""DS supplementary physical qualification standards"" (http://careers.state.gov/attachments/sts_supp_phys_qual.pdf). NOTE: The medical examination is required ONLY after a candidate has successfully passed the written and oral assessments. It is NOT part of the initial application package. Other Requirements: PHYSICAL DEMANDS Some of the essential functions of the job have a physically demanding component. For instance, when installing or repairing technical security equipment, a Security Technical Specialist is periodically required to perform work that requires regular and recurring periods of prolonged standing, bending, and stretching. A Security Technical Specialist is required periodically to climb ladders and work from heights in performing the essential duties. Other essential duties of the job may involve recurring lifting of moderately heavy equipment and tools. Related activities may include crawling, maneuvering, and working in cramped spaces as well as the occasional moving and transporting of diplomatic pouches. The Office of Medical Services will conduct or arrange for a physical examination of each applicant offered a position to ensure that the candidate meets the physical and medical requirements necessary to perform the essential functions of the job and can meet the standards required for a worldwide medical clearance. In addition, candidates must have vision that is correctable to 20/20 in one eye and 20/40 in the other, no color blindness, adequate night vision, and good peripheral vision. In addition, candidates must have good hearing with no loss of greater than 30 decibels at 500, 1000, or 2000, Hz level. The musculoskeletal system should have no deformities, diseases, or limiting conditions that would interfere with the performance of duties. Applicants must be available for worldwide service, and be able to tolerate intensive world travel, living away from family, and working and living in difficult and/or isolated conditions. Evaluations Candidates will be evaluated on their total background including experience, education, awards, training and self-development as it relates to the position. Part-time work experience will be prorated. Candidates will be evaluated initially through an online application screening. Those applications which rank at or above the determined cut score will be further evaluated to confirm that they meet the minimum qualification requirements. Selection for this position will be made only from among candidates possessing the best qualifications. Candidates invited to the assessments will then be evaluated through written and oral assessments. The Foreign Service selection process may be lengthy, multi-staged, and due to the limited number of appointments available, highly competitive. It commences upon receipt of the candidates application materials and will continue until the candidate is appointed from a list of eligible candidates (a process which can sometimes take as long as a year or more), or until the candidacy is terminated. Once all clearances are received, candidate names are added to a rank-order register. Candidates can improve their standing on the register by obtaining additional points for qualifying veterans preference and/or proven language ability as determined by the Foreign Service Institute. More information on these two points, as well as the clearance process, is available on our website at http://careers.state.gov/work/foreign-service/specialist/selection- process. Selection for this position will be made only from among those candidates possessing the best qualifications. Incomplete packages will not be considered. Application materials become the property of the Department of State and will not be returned. Failure to adequately substantiate education and work experience by virtue of documentation and verification will result in termination of your application for the position of Security Technical Specialist."