CSE is looking for a motivated, detail-oriented, and organized individual to join the Distributed Energy Resources, Technology Integration (DER-TI) team. The DER Technology Integration team is made up of project managers, specialists, and coordinators, who work with public, private and nonprofit partners to lead clean energy demonstration projects that assess, test and prove innovative approaches to achieving deep energy savings in buildings. Working closely with Project Manager(s), the Coordinator will support pre- commercialized demonstration projects funded by the CA Energy Commission, technical assistance projects funded by the Department of Energy (DOE), feasibility studies for local and regional commercial and government entities, and a growing portfolio of similar projects. Activities will include engaging with and coordinating clean energy stakeholders including municipal and commercial building owners and operators, contractors, design professionals, and local government staff and elected officials to understand barriers and identify opportunities for solutions that lead to energy savings in the building sector. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of clean energy technologies and solutions for increasing the adoption of tools and resources that achieve energy savings in the built environment. The successful candidate will have excellent stakeholder coordination skills, provide friendly and professional customer service, and demonstrate a “think outside the box” mentality that leads to identification and development of effective tools and resources that help target audiences achieve shared clean energy objectives. Other duties and special projects may be assigned, so flexibility and openness to change are essential to this role. Essential Functions of this position: Under the supervision of a Project Manager and working closely with others on the DER-TI and at CSE, the Coordinator will assist with: Program Implementation: Support day-to-day project tasks including collaboration with team members to develop collateral and resources for target audiences. Apply technical knowledge and knowledge of stakeholder interests to ensure tools and resources align with both established technical standards and project requirements. _Stakeholder Engagement:_ Interact extensively with stakeholders; develop and maintain strong relationships to inform stakeholders of ongoing program developments. Develop and deliver messages to target audiences via presentations, newsletters, direct marketing materials, web content, social media, etc. Program Monitoring: Accurately track program data in Excel and/or customer relationship management software; organize and analyze data to inform reporting requirements and program design improvements. Ensure that procedures are working to achieve program goals and to support efficient processes. _Program Design:_ Make recommendations on future program design, including needs assessments, drafting proposals, creating content, preparing marketing materials, and evaluation and reporting. _Reporting:_ Create program reports and presentations. Contribute to data analysis and writing of program reports. _Daily Responsibilities may include:_ Extensive interaction with clients and project stakeholders. Organization and facilitation of meetings and conference calls. Program reporting and presentations, contribute to data analysis and writing of Technology and literature research. Program monitoring and process improvement. Assisting with project design, planning, and implementation. _Qualifications, Experience & Skills:_ Bachelor's degree in area relevant to clean energy, such as engineering, business administration, environmental/energy policy, urban and regional planning, environmental planning, or environmental science preferred. 2+ years of experience supporting clean and energy sustainability programs and projects. Knowledge of distributed energy technologies and concepts. Experience in demand response technologies or advanced lighting controls is a plus. Knowledge of local and state policies, building codes and standards addressing energy efficiency, clean energy and zero net energy buildings, as well as the stakeholders they impact. Experience conducting outreach to installation contractors, municipal and commercial building owners and operators, local government staff and/or elected officials, utilities, organized labor, and clean energy design professionals. Experience in coordinating and facilitating events and stakeholder meetings. Extremely detail-oriented, exceptional problem sensitivity, and the ability to perform within required deadlines. Must be willing to travel within California Excellent oral and written communication skills including proficiency in typing, spelling, punctuation, and grammar.