Perform financial analysis and reporting in order to monitor finances associated with business operations. Responsibilities include: Performs routine analysis in support of various financial functions such as budgeting; auditing, and forecasting. Collects and reviews financial data from various sources. Creates; maintains; and updates financial databases and spreadsheets; and generates various financial reports as required. Performs basic analysis of assigned contracts projected staff hours; contract totals; revenues; and profit totals. Maintains appropriate records and documentation. Supports assigned managers in managing; tracking; monitoring; and reporting financial data as requested. Participates in audits and analysis of contracts for cash reconciliation of customer contracted accounts. Assist with the preparation of monthly status reports. Participates in special projects as required. Performs account reconciliations. Health Resource Services (HRS) and National Purchasing Partners are group purchasing - contracting organizations that negotiate reduced pricing for its members. HRS has helped thousands of clients reduce supply chain expenses, boost revenue and improve quality of care by providing access to a portfolio of carefully negotiated contracts. The contracts offered to members cover a full spectrum of healthcare services, including: Medical/Surgical Products & Equipment, Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostic Imaging, Facility & Maintenance, Laboratory Supplies, Office supplies and Business Services. National Purchasing Partners (NPP) focuses on other markets outside of the Healthcare industry. Located in Seattle, WA, Virginia Mason is an internationally recognized leader in the continuous improvement of health care. With an extensive list of awards and distinctions that includes our recognition as Top Hospital of the Decade by The Leapfrog Group, Virginia Mason offers you the opportunity to partner with exceptionally talented peers at every level. Qualifications: Bachelors in Business, Finance, Accounting or related field, or equivalent combination of education; professional training; or work experience. 0-2 years of related finance or business analysis experience. Must be proficient with Microsoft Office including Intermediate or greater Excel skills Must be able to work independently. Excellent communication and analytical skills Healthcare product knowledge a plus. Just as Virginia Mason is dedicated to improving the lives of our patients and our community, we are equally dedicated to your professional and personal success. With a wide range of perks that includes comprehensive compensation and benefits, continuing education and support, and the opportunity to live in one of the most livable cities in the country, you will find that an opportunity with Team Medicine is one worth taking. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.