Researchers in artificial intelligence are harnessing the explosion of digital data and computational power with advanced algorithms to enable collaborative and natural interactions between people and machines that extend the human ability to sense, learn and understand. The research infuses computers, materials and systems with the ability to reason, communicate and perform with humanlike skill and agility. In our group, we are combining the power of machine learning and programming languages technologies to advance state of the art in artificial intelligence, empower neural networks with reasoning, programming, and planning capabilities, and enable intelligent analysis and assistance in all the stages of software development. Our research involves program synthesis and analysis as well as deep learning and reinforcement learning, and targets a wide variety of applications including development environments, spreadsheets, end- user data processing, educational platforms, and information retrieval. Responsibilities Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. In this internship, you will investigate transforming the practice of software interface testing using state-of-the-art artificial intelligence techniques such as reinforcement learning. You will use expert usage demonstrations, a vibrant database of real-life applications, and an infrastructure for collecting runtime diagnostics to learn natural patterns that arise in application design, navigation, and usage. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be currently enrolled in M.S. or Ph.D. program in Computer Science or a related field. Must have at least 1 year of experience with reinforcement learning. Preferred Qualifications Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Preferably currently enrolled in a Ph.D. program with a research focus on reinforcement learning. Preferably has experience working with programming languages or software engineering research. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.