Go behind the scenes in Spok's Eden Prairie, MN office by watching this video: Transforming an Industry. You'll learn about the solutions Spok develops, and why collaborating to build them means so much to our employees. You'll also get a feel for our company culture of collaboration, and the underlying beliefs, values, and people that make Spok a great place to work. Position Summary: The Principal Software Engineer (PSE) is a member of a highly-motivated team. This role will develop, enhance, and sustain innovative solutions to improve the customer experience. The PSE will implement complex software in accordance with project requirements, UX design, and industry best practices. The PSE will also review designs and participate in meaningful collaboration sessions on how to solve customer problems and participate in determining scope for new projects. The PSE will own components of the architecture and direct the work of other team members; scaling projects efficiently while maximizing performance and minimizing costs and ensuring quality. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Lead Scrum team to develop Spok’s new native software that will be a key component of our product offering. Provide technical guidance in software design and development activities. May oversee development team and coordinate strategies amongst teams to ensure technologies are interconnected and product lines are working smoothly Code, test, debug, document and maintain software applications using established coding standards and methodologies. Participate in Scrum activities, perform code reviews, contribute to a high performing, growing team. Own component(s) of the architecture and direct the work of other team members. Ensure new software meets quality standards through writing unit and automated tests. Troubleshoot, debug, resolve product issues as they arise. Assist in designing interfaces to improve the user experience. Support the application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release and support). Follow established development, documentation, testing and deployment processes. Gather requirements and suggest solutions; serve as an integrator between business needs and technology solutions. Collaborate with product development team to plan new features. Participate in planning and scoping meetings for future projects. Work cross functionally to resolve complex customer problems. Responsible for managing and maintaining project and work backlog; able to re-prioritize tasks as the business deems appropriate. Lead other engineers in planning, prioritizing and executing assigned tasks within deadlines; identify, track and mitigate risks as appropriate. Stay current with new technology trends. Train, coach and mentor other engineers. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university and 8 years’ experience, or Master’s Degree in Computer Science and 6 years’ experience with a minimum of 3 years’ experience leading teams; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Desired Skills: Strong experience as a Full Stack Software Engineer Strong Experience with .NET and C Strong with React (would consider Angular) Strong experience with DynamoDB or other NoSQL databases Experience with AWS (would consider Azure) Experience with XML and JSON Experience with mySQL Understanding Java is a plus Understanding of HL7 protocol is a plus Understanding of Docker is a plus Experience working on an Agile development team Experience working in a Healthcare/clinical environment Ability to identify, own, and solve problems independently or as part of a team. Spok, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Spok Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPOK), headquartered in Springfield, Va., is proud to be the global leader in healthcare communications. We deliver clinical information to care teams when and where it matters most to improve patient outcomes. Top hospitals rely on the Spok Care Connect® platform to enhance workflows for clinicians, support administrative compliance, and provide a better experience for patients. Our customers send over 100 million messages each month through their Spok® solutions. When seconds count, count on Spok. For more information, visit spok.com or follow @spoktweets on Twitter.