Summary The Full Stack Developer is responsible for the Agency's public-facing website and the associated customer experience. This role will interact with the Valley Metro Marketing team and other stakeholders among the staff in order to optimize the layout and user experience of the site with the goal of better connecting and engaging with our riders and providing the most accurate, up- to-date, and reliable information to them. The Full Stack Developer will be responsible for the day-to-day management of the site, as well as designing changes to the overall architecture of the website. This individual will work to add new functionality to the website and integrate information from disparate systems toward the ultimate goal of providing a one-stop web portal through which Valley Metro can converse with our ridership and meet all of their transit needs. The Full Stack Developer operates under general supervision and reports to the Enterprise Systems Engineer. This position is required to be on call 24/7/365. Minimum Qualifications & Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science or a closely related field and six (6) years in web and digital media development capacity OR an equivalent combination of education and/or experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties. Background Investigation: Employment is contingent upon the results of a comprehensive background investigation including work experience verification, criminal background, and a personal credit history review. Licenses and Certifications: Valid Arizona Driver's License Examples of Duties / Knowledge & Skills The statements listed below describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not an exhaustive list of all required responsibilities, duties, and skills. Other duties may be added, or this description amended at any time. Design overall architecture of the website with a focus on user experience and accessibility. Maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of web applications. Collaborate with the Marketing team and other internal stakeholders to design and launch new features. Maintain code integrity and organization, understand and implement security and data protection. Ensure that the site is functioning properly, including liaising with our hosting company to make sure that the virtual hardware and software of the web servers are operating correctly and alerting the vendor of any issues requiring resolution. Serve as the website administrator, regulate and manage access rights of different users. Troubleshoot any issues with site functionality or content presentation. Review and report on website analytics to provide insight to internal departments, including identifying key performance indicators. Optimize website functionality by analysing search engine patterns to direct online placement of keywords or other content. Recommend and implement continuous improvement, responsiveness and search engine optimization (SEO). Collect and research data to analyse complex or diverse information in order to recommend changes to the website to improve the customer experience. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Performs other duties of similar nature and level as assigned. KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: Knowledge of: The LAMP stack including HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL; JavaScript frameworks (AngularJS, React, Ember, etc.); JavaScript libraries (jQuery, Backbone.js, etc.); Front-end frameworks (Foundation, Bootstrap, etc.); AJAX; API design and development; CRUD; PHP frameworks, specifically Drupal; Drupal modules and the Drupal database environment; Works using an Agile methodology; Code repositories and versioning tools (Git, Bitbucket, SVN, etc.); User interface (UI) and user experience (UX) design; Google Transit Directions API, General Transit Feed Specification (GTFS), GTFS Real Time (GTFS-RT), and Google Analytics. Skills in: Utilizing PHP for server-side development; Utilizing HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS for front-end development; Utilizing Responsive Design to develop device-agnostic websites and web applications; Managing and developing websites that use third-party data APIs and web services, including Google Maps and ArcGIS; Managing and maintaining Drupal-based websites (version 7+); Working with iOS and Android app development teams in order to deliver a unified user experience; Working with the Vue JS framework and mobile first UX; Using Bitbucket or similar for coding tasks, and managing code repositories; Working directly with vendors to push forward the functionality and user-focus of the website; Working as part of a fast paced team; Effectively communicating technical information to non-technical audiences; Undertaking self-development opportunities to stay up to date with technical skills associated with the website and web development; Prioritizing and planning work activities, using time efficiently, and planning for additional resources when necessary to complete tasks on time, or notify appropriate person with an alternate plan; Developing and maintaining good interpersonal skills regarding teamwork, cooperation, motivation, and listening; Looking for and take advantage of opportunities using independent judgement within established guidelines. Physical Demands / Work Environment Physical Demands: Positions in this class typically require: climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, crouching, crawling, reaching, standing, walking, driving, lifting, fingering, grasping, feeling, talking, and hearing. Valley Metro complies with ADA/EEOC requirements with respect to reasonable accommodation for people with disabilities. Medium Work; Ability to occasionally lift up to 50 pounds with the assistance of applicable equipment or other employees, and up to 20 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects. Work Environment: Physical ability to perform office and related work, including operating computers and office equipment; stamina to sit for extended periods of time. Incumbents may be subjected to moving mechanical parts and electrical currents. Limited local travel will also be required to support customers in remote business units. May respond to system emergencies and system failures on a 24/7 basis.