Los Gatos, California Science and Analytics With over half of our more than 100+ million users now outside the United States, global markets present an immense growth opportunity for Netflix. Providing a high quality viewing experience across a diverse range of network and device conditions is critical to expand successfully in these markets. With an immense amount of data collected on viewership patterns along with network and device conditions, Netflix is uniquely positioned to pioneer the application of statistical modeling and machine learning techniques in the video streaming space. You can read more here. To learn more about our research and analytics work, you can visit our research page here. Some examples of problems you might work on: How do we define network quality? How can we predict this quality during playback based on a particular device or user’s history? How can we predict when a user will play something? How do we adapt the streaming source and video quality for a particular user in real-time? How do mobile usage patterns and preferences differ from those on traditional devices? Can we use these differences to tailor the streaming experience for mobile devices? How do we quantify fundamental tradeoffs between various aspects of the quality of experience (e.g., video quality, time spent waiting for video to load)? How can we objectively classify viewing experiences as “high quality” vs. “low quality”? Which network and device characteristics are predictive of high- versus low-quality experiences? What are key indicators for device health and performance? How can we automatically detect problematic or anomalous new devices or changes to existing devices? Work on these problems has drawn from several areas including statistical signal processing, clustering, reinforcement learning, neural networks, decision trees, and optimization. Responsibilities Develop new statistical models / machine learning techniques for optimizing streaming quality in our product. Partner closely with engineering teams to test and deploy models at scale. Ensure accurate interpretation by combining business acumen with detailed data knowledge and statistical expertise. Qualifications 3+ years industry experience with a proven track record of leveraging statistical modeling using large amounts of data to drive significant business impact. Solid foundation in statistics, modeling and machine learning (unsupervised and supervised methods; reinforcement learning a plus). Experienced in evaluating tradeoffs between model complexity and business value. Ability to write clean, efficient code. Experience developing and testing models at scale in a production environment preferred. Familiarity with SQL. Knowledge of Spark/Hive/Pig a plus. Independent research ability and passion for learning and innovating new methodologies at the intersection of applied math, statistics, and machine learning. This is a new field and a lot of the hypotheses, intuitions, and models will have to be developed from scratch. Ph.D. in a quantitative field preferred. Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills coupled with strong business acumen. Must be able to translate business objectives into actionable analyses, and analytic results into actionable business and product recommendations. Impactful presentation skills, including the use of meaningful charts, graphs, or other data visualizations to convey information and results clearly and concisely. Self-driven with a passion for your work, attention to detail, and a positive attitude. This is an opportunity to contribute to a business-critical mission while advancing a nascent technical field. You will have the freedom to innovate, solve interesting problems and influence in a fast paced, exciting environment. You will work with smart people who love to solve hard problems, and who not only expect, but also foster high performance. For a more in-depth look into our culture, check out our culture deck.