Essential Functions Facilitate with account services reps, program administrators, operations managers, accountants and warehouse personnel to ensure various inventory reports supplied to our account managers and clients are accurate. Develop and publish inventory reports on daily, weekly, or monthly basis for our account teams and clients. Provide Strategic Recommendations including safety stocks, obsolete inventory identification, conversion or disposition solutions. Identify exception occurrence to cumulative report and provide feedback to the RTC peers and external clients. Secondary Duties Provide forecast tools to our account teams so they can develop order recommendations to customers. Ensure accuracy of the system demand used to generate inventory activity. Participate in production kick off meetings Regular review of inventory reports to report and disposition potential surplus and obsolete inventory. Identify potential shortages against open sales orders Perform Customer Commitment Reporting transactions Input product description information into current ERP system Develop enhancements to the current inventory reporting structure Performs various activities that will maintain and monitor a company's inventory control Organization Relationships Key Internal Contacts: Sales, Program & Project Management, Production Management, Warehousing and Accounting. Key External Contacts: Client Experience Education, Experience, Skill Requirements _Education_ _:_ _Bachelor’s Degree or higher_ ___Experience_ _:_ _5+ years of successful Inventory Control experience._ _Skills_ : Knowledge of inventory systems Possess strong verbal and written communication skills Possess strong computer skills and demonstrated ability to organize vast amounts of data; Demonstrate ability to multi-task several priorities and possess solid time management skills. Must be able to work well independently, Have excellent interpersonal skills; team player; problem solver; demonstrate initiative. Proficient with Microsoft Excel and Word _RTC is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, people with disabilities (intellectual and physical) and Veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. We are dedicated to a policy of non- discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law._ About RTC RTC masters the design and detail of retail, helping brands and retailers improve the shopping experience and grow their bottom line. We design retail programs and environments, execute them globally, and build products that improve retail performance. We provide our clients a cohesive brand experience, expanded retail presence, and consistently better results at a lower total cost. Learn more at http://www.rtc.com/. Why should you consider a career at RTC? _Benefits_ Health Insurance through Blue Cross Blue Shield (choose from two PPO plans based on your deductible comfort level) Dental Insurance with two plan options (both PPO Plans) Benefit Value Advisor and Member Rewards (through Blue Cross Blue Shield) Flexible Spending for Health and/or Dependent Care Commuter Transit benefit 401(K) Plan with company match (we also offer a Roth option!) Life Insurance (we cover 3 times your salary to a max of $150K - you can purchase more) Short-Term Disability Coverage (we'll cover this for you too - you can choose to purchase long-term disability) 16 PTO Days (full year) 9 Paid Holidays Tuition Reimbursement _Perks_ Fun Friday Hours - get a head start on your weekend by leaving at 2:30 every Friday (year-round!) Volunteer Time Off (VTO) plus company sponsored volunteer events Business casual dress code (every day) _Career Development_ We encourage your professional growth and development. We offer mentors with deep industry experience, management who will assist you in defining and realizing your short and long term career goals and a variety of opportunities for training and advancement.