Overview Good people, working with good people, for our common good. Sound good? KeHE-a natural, organic, specialty and fresh food distributor-is all about "good" and is growing, so there's never been a more exciting time to join our team. If you're enthusiastic about working in an environment with a people- first culture and an organization committed to good living, good food and good service, we'd love to talk to you! Primary Responsibilities The Supply Chain Analyst will be reporting directly to the Director Supply Chain. The purpose of this position is to support Supply Chain business analysis requirements, projects and initiatives, particularly regarding at risk inventory and condemned spoils. As with all positions at KeHE we expect that all actions will be consistent with KeHE’s Mission, Vision and Values. Essential Functions Pro-actively work with Supply Planning, Sales, Operations, and Category Management to reduce at risk inventory and condemned spoils. Provide fact based analysis and recommendations based on trends and gaps drive reduction in at risk inventory. Lead cross functional meetings and projects to accomplish goals. Create, Maintain, and/or modify department dashboards and analytical tools Support Supply Chain with ad-hoc root cause analysis and corrective actions Other projects as needed Minimum Requirements, Qualifications, Additional Skills, Aptitude A four-year college degree in Business or related field is required Basic understanding of warehousing and supply-chain execution software is a plus Strong analytical and thinking skills and desire to learn new skills Possess a sense of urgency and attention to accuracy and detail Strong Excel, MS Access, Cognos or other data manipulation software Qualifications / Additional Skills / Aptitude: Talent communicating effectively both orally and in writing with people at all organizational levels Capable of managing a variety of tasks simultaneously with rapidly changing priorities Demonstrated ability to work productively and effectively as part of a team Requisition ID 2018-2693