“I fundamentally believe that if you are not learning new things, you stop doing great and useful things” – Satya Nadella, Microsoft CEO The Microsoft Learning Strategy and Insights team within the Worldwide Learning group is composed of insatiably curious, self-directed, motivated, results driven people. We are passionate about supporting Microsoft employees, customers and channel partners with the training and development required for them to fulfill their business and personal potential. We are seeking analysts of like mindset who are driven by curiosity, take risks, and have a passion for problem solving. The Learning and Insights team’s charter includes: Shaping and influencing the learning strategy for Microsoft. Bringing together deep contextual understanding with data to understand and improve impact. Using analytical methods to derive insights about learning impact. Managing and influencing a cycle of communications and stakeholder engagements. Communicating key metrics to support business objectives. This D&AS; role on the Learning Strategy and Insights team provides insights about the business and impact of Microsoft’s learning and development programs and products for customers, partners, employees and other audiences. To be successful in this role, you must be highly motivated, curious, able to tell a story with data, analytical, detail oriented, and comfortable with ambiguity. In addition, a successful candidate will have the ability to work with quantitative, engineering and business teams. Responsibilities Seek and identify new impactful areas for exploration and investigation Collaborate with stakeholders to frame problem statements clearly. Collaborate with subject matter experts and data scientists to inform your investigative approach. Perform deep-dives to analyze data and bring context to bear with data. Influence stakeholders and leadership on courses of action based on your findings. Qualifications MBA/Masters degree is preferred. 4+ years’ post degree experience in research or analysis related work with fluency in Statistics Advanced verbal and written communication and Excel and Powerpoint skills Experience with BI/data visualization tools such as Power BI and Tableau is preferred Experience with SQL, R or Python preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.