THE AGENCYThe Department of City Planning (DCP) plans for the strategic growth and development of the City through ground-up planning with communities, the development of land use policies and zoning regulations, and sharing its perspectives on growth and community needs with sister agencies in collaboration with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).DCP?s six strategic objectives include: (a) catalyze long-term neighborhood improvement through integrated planning and targeted accompanying public investments; (b) encourage housing production, affordability, and quality; (c) promote economic development and job growth; (d) enhance resiliency and sustainability of neighborhoods; (e) ensure integrity, timeliness and responsiveness in land use reviews; and, (f) supply objective data and expertise to a broad range of planning functions and stakeholders.Central to its mission, DCP supports the City Planning Commission in its annual review of approximately 450 land use applications. The Department also works closely with OMB in developing the Ten-Year Capital Strategy, and helping administer the Neighborhood Development Fund, geared toward ensuring that growing neighborhoods undergoing rezoning have accompanying infrastructure investments.The New York City Department of City Planning is a great place to work ? cultivating intellectual inspiration, professional development and creativity. Visit our website at www.nyc.gov/planning to access the full listing of job opportunities and to learn more about our great agency.THE DIVISIONInformation Technology Division (ITD) is responsible for supporting the agency?s technology footprint, including technology infrastructure across five boroughs, as well as workflow applications and databases for analytics and decision-making. The division is comprised of 50+ inter-disciplinary staff with specialties in desktop support, server engineering, telecom, application development, database maintenance, data processing, data visualization and mapping, amongst many others. The division provides technology support for agency staff across five boroughs.Within ITD, the Enterprise Data Management (EDM) section is responsible for creating and implementing the agency?s data strategy and data governance policy; updating and maintaining core citywide data sets in support of 911 dispatch and the operations of city agencies; and improving the creation, use, and availability of geospatial data sets within the agency.THE ROLEITD?s Enterprise Data Management (EDM) section is seeking a highly- motivated, innovative Data Engineer to modernize data set development by automating processes and ensuring procedures are reproducible and transparent. He/she will be involved in the design and implementation of the entire data pipeline, from capturing and storing disparate data sources to processing that data and making that data available to DCP staff. The Data Engineer will work across the agency to understand data needs, and create systems that provide consistent and complete information to help solve business problems. He/she will work to increase data literacy throughout the agency, provide guidance on best practices, collaborate with stakeholders, write blogs, and participate in both formal and informal data information sessions. This work supports analyses used to inform important decisions, such as the allocation of the Neighborhood Development Fund, designation of areas subjected to special zoning regulations, and siting of new facilities.Data Engineering is a new unit within EDM responsible for modernizing and improving some of the citywide data sets distributed on BYTES of the BIG APPLE?, including PLUTO/MapPLUTO, Zoning Tax Lots, and the Facilities Database. It works with agency planners to automate the creation of additional high value data sets that require frequent updates. Responsibilities will include: Develop and maintain data pipelines, with a focus on writing scalable, clean, and fault-tolerant code to handle disparate data sources; Work with agency staff to understand their business requirements and gather technical requirements for new data sets or updates to existing data sets; Collaborate with other engineers to design and implement EDM?s next generation data warehouse system; Implement new product features and performance improvements to existing data products; Write and disseminate technical documentation and metadata; Help drive optimization, testing and QA/QC to improve data quality across the product; and Perform other related tasks. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties described above; or 2. High school graduation or equivalent and six years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties as described above; or 3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least one year of experience as described in "1" above. Preferred Skills Strong SQL experience (PostgreSQL / PostGIS) Experience developing and analyzing spatial data Familiarity with Python, Bash, and JavaScript Comfort with source control (GitHub) and working in a Linux environment Interest in urban planning and knowledge of NYC geography and data Strong analytical, quantitative, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills To Apply Click on ?Apply Now? at the bottom of the postingPlease be advised only candidates under consideration will be contacted.Appointments are subject to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval.The candidate selected for this position must be a resident of the City of New York or become a resident within 90 days of appointment.Authorization to work in the United States is required for this position. Sponsorship is not available for this position.THE DEPARTMENT OF CITY PLANNING IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER AND A COPY OF THE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY PROGRAMS IS AVAILABLE IN THE HUMAN CAPITAL DIVISION. THE DEPARTMENT MAKES AVAILABLE ACCOMMODATIONS FOR DISABLED APPLICANTS. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.