Job Code 358056 Admin Pro/Indiv Contrib Duties & Responsibilities OVERVIEW OF ADMINISTRATIVE FELLOWS PROGRAM Harvard University's Administrative Fellowship Program is one of the cornerstones of our diversity and inclusion efforts. We seek to attract talented professionals, and in particular members of historically underrepresented groups, to promote leadership opportunities and careers in higher education. The University encourages applications from individuals from diverse backgrounds and others who may contribute to the diversity of Harvard’s leadership. To this end, the Administrative Fellowship Program offers a twelve-month talent management experience complemented by a professional development program. Please visit the program's website [https://hr.harvard.edu/administrative-fellows-program] for more details. SUMMARY At the Harvard Graduate School of Education (HGSE), students learn to change to the world. As the designers, role models, shapers, creators, and influencers of the student experience, it is important that faculty and staff are competent and highly skilled in advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in education. Reporting to the Senior Diversity and Inclusion Officer, the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Administrative Fellow is responsible for supporting and advancing the diversity, equity, and inclusion values, culture, and programming of HGSE. The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Administrative Fellow works collaboratively with staff, faculty, and graduate students to promote strategic diversity leadership across HGSE. TYPICAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Reporting directly to the Senior Diversity and Inclusion Officer, the for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Administrative Fellow: Consult with HGSE staff regarding departmental diversity, equity, and inclusion needs; collaborates with Senior Diversity and Inclusion Officer on support and response mechanisms Coordinates and manages annual convening of Harvard and local diversity, equity, and inclusion higher education professionals Designs and supports the execution of collaborative diversity, equity, and inclusion projects for the office Develop assessment tools for programs, events, and initiatives. Create structure for Office of Diversity and Inclusion’s Annual Report. Facilitates collaborations and support external outreach efforts with community partners; identify relevant speakers, guests, and experts for campus events; as well as assist in planning and coordinating diversity and inclusion signature programs Facilitates on-demand diversity, equity, and inclusion educational trainings and workshops for the HGSE community Manages educational training requests and scheduling for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion Oversee, manage, and update online communications and marketing, including the offices’ website, email, weekly newsletter, calendar events, and various social media channels (Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram) Serves as member and administrative support for the Dean’s Advisory Council on Equity and Inclusion (DACED) Works collaboratively with the Senior Diversity and Inclusion Officer to usher, promote, and execute HGSE’s Strategic Diversity and Inclusion Plan along with the Presidential Task Force on Inclusion and Belonging Report Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and at least 4 years of directly related experience advancing diversity and inclusion efforts. ADMINISTRATIVE FELLOWS PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS A cover letter and resume (please upload as one document) must be submitted to apply for this position. In your cover letter, please briefly describe your professional and academic interests as related to employment with Harvard University, and more broadly, the field of Higher Education and how participation in the Administrative Fellowship Program can help advance these interests. Please be sure to explain: 1\. Why you are seeking a Fellowship 2\. What you hope to gain from the experience 3\. What specific skills and experiences will you contribute to the Office of Diversity and Inclusion at the Graduate School of Education at Harvard University. Additional Qualifications Advanced degree preferred; work experience in higher education is a plus Previous project management experience developing and facilitating professional development training for staff and faculty on DEI-related topics Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills Demonstrated proficiency with data interpretation and visualization Knowledge of contemporary theory and research related to advancing academic diversity, equity, and inclusion Strong strategic thinker in a fast-paced environment Strong work-ethic, dependable and reliable. A team player Additional Information We regret that the Harvard Graduate School of Education does not provide Visa Sponsorship Job Function General Administration Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Dean's Office- Office of Diveristy, Equity and Inclusion Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 056 Appointment End Date 30-Jun-2019 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.