The Company Hitachi Vantara combines technology, intellectual property, and industry knowledge to deliver data-managing solutions that help enterprises improve their customers’ experiences, develop new revenue streams, and lower the costs of business. Hitachi Vantara elevates your innovation advantage by combining IT, operational technology (OT) and domain expertise. Join our team and our employee-focused culture and help drive our customers’ data to meaningful customer outcomes. The Role The Consolidation Analyst will be a key member of the Corporate FP &A; Team, responsible for the monthly consolidated financial reporting & analytics. This position works closely with the various Finance teams around the world, to consolidate and develop executive presentations for both the Executive Committee and BOD. This is a highly visible role for an energetic individual who can function in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and who has excellent communication skills. This role interacts with senior and executive management, delivering insightful analysis and recommendations, and driving meaningful improvements across the finance organization. Specifically, this position will coordinate and facilitate corporate planning processes, monitor financial performance and report and analyze financial/operational results. This position reports to the Sr. Director, Corporate FP&A.; Responsibilities Prepare executive-level financial reporting, summarizing findings, risks, opportunities and recommendations Clearly communicate results and recommendations to senior and executive management Analyze operational and financial results, including KPIs and business drivers Prepare financial presentations for the Board of Directors and internal Executive Committee operating reviews Assist in driving the annual planning processes, ensuring collaboration and coordination across the company Leverage financial systems to automate and improve current planning & reporting processes Responsible for monthly worldwide consolidation utilizing Oracle Hyperion. Participate in other finance special projects as needed. Qualifications 5 - 8 years of experience with at least two years in Corporate FP&A; Creative problem-solving skills, ability to prioritize and work independently Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline-driven environment Business acumen with understanding of functional linkages and ability to build strong professional relationships with business partners in both operational and financial roles Strong overall communications, presentation skills Expert with Microsoft Office (including Excel and PowerPoint) and Think Cell charting software Expert with Business Intelligence and visualization tools, i.e. Microsoft Power BI, Oracle Analytics and Reporting Integrated Enterprise System (ARIES) Experience with Salesforce.com We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.