Tradeshift is disrupting the enterprise software space and in a big way. B2B has entered the Platform era and we are leading the charge! Tradeshift connects companies of all sizes and provides them with the platform, network and tools needed to develop apps, communicate in real-time, and create value from old processes like invoicing, payments, and workflow. Tradeshift is redefining an enterprise space that has seen little change in many years. We recognize that business is social and business is messy. Understanding these two facts drives the development of Tradeshift - a platform for business interactions. Our App Platform Team: There's no single answer for a company aiming to consolidate and digitize their supply chain. With Tradeshift, individual pluggable applications work together to cover the different aspects of a business such as procurement, supplier risk, sustainability, finance, etc. These widely varied apps support different business needs and build on a strong integrated core that enables supplier connectivity and collaboration between and inside of companies, all in real time. Apps can also provide external connectivity and integration with a company’s existing systems and programs which greatly accelerates solution deployment. Best of all, the platform can leverage what is unique about a business to provide a significant and sustainable competitive advantage. We believe that for something as critical as a company's supply chain, industry standard practices are just not good enough. Tradeshift’s App Platform takes what is unique about a company’s supply chain and turns it into a sustainable competitive advantage. What you will be doing: Building software to solve big problems and designing solutions with cutting edge technology Working with customers to gain insight into the world’s largest supply chains and working on projects to digitize and provide transparency and traceability across the supply chain. Acting as a thought leader in developing solutions, from prototyping and high-level system design to application development Evangelizing Tradeshift’s Platform both internally and with customers About you: Understanding of Java and JavaScript with a passion for other technical languages You are a developer excited to use technology to solve big problems and have demonstrated results in leading technical design efforts Good communication skills: To be successful you’ll need to work together with many engineers across teams and offices and translate sales pitches to system implementations Strong learner: You will need to pick up on how the platform works fast, encompassing many technologies and business areas, from the front-end to the back-end with an appetite for global adventure Experience with cloud-based architectures as well as build and deployment models Experience designing and developing web services and infrastructure Experience developing web applications with large scope and complexity Integration experience Culture & Perks: Tradeshift is a very special place. What makes and keeps us special is our people and how we work together. Our culture was formed from day one when three Danes poured their hearts and souls into creating a platform that could connect every business in the world. We expect each team member to approach their work at Tradeshift with the same amount of pride and passion and to embody the Tradeshift culture that makes us the best company in history. At the center of Tradeshift’s values is the belief that the single most important thing we do is continue to hire the best people and create a workplace where they can thrive. To reward our employees for the great work they’re doing we offer a number of perks and benefits, including: Ambitious international startup A competitive compensation package + equity Career and professional development opportunities 100% covered medical, dental and vision benefits 401k Flexible hours and vacation policy Supplemented cell phone plan Lunch provided daily from local SF eateries, and, of course, snacks Life, short and long-term disability insurance Fully paid 6 months maternity leave and 2 months fully paid paternity/partner leave Wellness and Volunteer Programs Fun company events like happy hours, outings and much more