Overview THE ROLE It’s simple, and it’s awesome. You and your team of highly skilled educators will work to help each student get into their dream colleges. In short, you will be the architect of their education. You will do this not only by providing outstanding academic support, but also by providing coaching to both the student and their families on how best to prepare for college. In this role you will get to profoundly impact families’ lives while at the same time building your own rewarding career. The Center Director is integral to the success of C2 Education. You will 1) provide outstanding academic services to students and their families and 2) increase center enrollments and 3) improve operational performance. The Center Director leads the center team, tracks student progress, conducts student and family conferences and academic guidance sessions, and upholds high quality customer service. The Center Director is the “Face of C2 Education” and is a Brand Ambassador. The Center Director must uphold the highest standards of excellence and integrity in customer service and support of C2’s programs and services. In order to support you, C2 has invested in a very thorough 5 week onboarding program. This will position you to accelerate your success leading your center. WHO IS C2 EDUCATION? C2 Education is the nation’s fastest-growing network of personal tutoring for SAT/ACT test preparation, schoolwork help and college admissions planning. We have helped over 50,000 students in elementary school, middle school and high school enhance their educational opportunities by offering customized curricula, personalized attention and a wide variety of enrichment services. C2 Education has some of the smartest and skilled teachers in the industry. Our teachers score at or above the 95th percentile in subjects they will teach and go through extensive teacher training. Our curriculum for the SAT, ACT, AP tests, math, reading, and writing is unique, comprehensive, and extensive. Our proprietary SAT curriculum alone contains over 10,000 questions for students to study with. Our Mission: _“At C2, we believe in our students and in their potential for greatness. We take students towards their dreams. C2 helps our students and their families benefit from a better education, now and always.”_ We believe that every student has great potential for academic and personal growth. We are more than a test prep center. Our expertise, personalized curricula, and college counseling resources set us apart. Responsibilities RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE JOB : Ensure delivery of C2 programs and initiatives for our families in alignment with our Mission. Create academic plans for students, and manage teachers to deliver student outcomes. Oversee student testing and monitoring of all students’ academic progress. Conduct conferences with prospective customers to review their child’s needs and deliver new enrollments for C2’s programs and services. Conduct conferences with parents and students to review progress, adjust academic plans, and renew enrollments. Develop and maintain relationships with local schools and business communities and actively participate in community events as a C2 representative. Develop and execute local marketing activities, as well as companywide marketing programs. Recruit, hire, manage and provide ongoing development and support to teachers and center staff. Meet enrollment targets and operational excellence standards. Manage class schedules to effectively staff sessions and meet company efficiency and usage targets. KEY COMPETENCIES DEMONSTRATED BY OUR SUCCESSFUL CENTER DIRECTORS Mission Driven Highly motivated by the opportunity to help students and their families achieve their academic goals in order to enhance their opportunities for the future and change their lives. Love learning and helping others learn. Relish building relationships with students and their families. Growth Driven Ability to directly align parent and student needs with the benefits of C2 programs and services to create both new and renewed customers. Demonstrates initiative and resourcefulness in expanding on existing customer base to increase enrollments and profit. Customer Focus Passion for Results Works well with others Personal Drive and Development Qualifications POSITION QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s Degree required 3-5 years progressive career growth in management or consultative sales Background in academic services/ education / consultative sales / hospitality / multi-unit services/ health and wellness services Experience in recruiting, leading, and developing effective teams Understanding the college admissions process and/or local school system preferred Bilingual in English and Korean or Mandarin beneficial Proficient in Microsoft Office and Google applications The information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. C2 Education provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, C2 Education complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has operations. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.