We are looking for an experienced Reporting and Business Analytics professional responsible for delivering data driven, actionable insights to help optimize our business. This role will build reporting and analyze the performance of WFM joint strategies, and will also perform deep-dive analysis on WFM business performance. In addition to keen data and analytics skills, the ideal candidate will also have a strong understanding of business and marketing and will be able to effectively translate data into actionable analytical insights which drive business decisions. The ability to use data and analytics to tell a persuasive story is key. Position is located in Austin, TX. Responsibilities Manage the development and delivery of reporting and business insights for WFM Marketing and WFM joint strategies. Oversee team of analysts (up to 4) who analyze strategic program effectiveness as well as business performance deep-dives. Design and develop datasets and custom reports that identify areas of opportunity, measure outcomes and evaluate performance. Provide strategic recommendations for programs and initiatives based on performance. Evaluate business performance issues and provide recommendations to WFM leadership to address underlying root causes. Ensure data accuracy and prompt development of reports, and supervise or perform the investigation and research of report issues. Desired Skills & Experience Prefer Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Business, Economics, or related quantitative discipline. Advanced degree is preferred but not required. 3-5 years professional experience in Analytics, Marketing, Business Analysis, Loyalty program analytics or related fields. Strong experience in establishing reporting and BI solutions, coupled with the ability to provide impactful recommendations from reporting results. Experience with data and analytical tools such as Tableau, MicroStrategy, SQL, SAS, R, Redshift, Teradata, Alteryx. Experience with syndicated data such as Nielsen or IRI a plus. Experience with brick and mortar retail is a plus. Exceptional analytic skills coupled with solid business thinking. Self-directed, innovative thinker. In addition to a strong attention to detail, strong candidates will also be able to see the strategic implications for the business in the big picture. You are fluent in telling the story to both technical and non-technical audiences. Strong candidates will have a curious mind, a passion for synthesizing information from multiple sources, the ability to interpret data through the lens of shopper behavior, and a habit of translating data into insights that drive action. At Whole Foods Market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled.