MSAT Scientist The MSAT Scientist will be responsible for the successful transfer of viral vector and/or viral cell therapy processes into production. They are in direct contact with Lonza’s clients, R &D; scientist and GMP Manufacturing. MSAT Scientists ensure process scalability and manufacturability and will support process validation activities for late phase production. They are in charge of process integration related aspects during campaign preparation and responsible for process supervision and reporting during and after production campaigns. Continuous improvement as well as adaptations of the manufacturing process. In addition the MSAT Scientist will coordinate process relevant major deviations and assess their product quality impacts. •30% Coordinates campaign preparation in close collaboration with Program Management. •30% Performance detailed review of clients and R &D; process and generates, in collaboration with R&D;, technology transfer documents. •15% Coordinates root cause analysis for major process deviations. •15% Management of data and analyzes of various operational parameters. •10% Supports the evaluation in client’s discussion a/o in initial process fit/gap analyzes. •Perform other duties as assigned. Travel: Up to 30% Safety: Must know and follow job safety procedures, attend required health and safety training, proactively promote safety at work, and promptly report actual and potential accidents and injuries. Must comply with safety policies of the company and site. Quality Responsibility : Adherence to cGMPs is required all times during the manufacture of APIs. All personnel are responsible for notifying responsible management in a timely manner of regulatory inspections, serious GMP deficiencies, product defects and related actions. Skills: Team player in an interdisciplinary team that change team members along a product´s life cycle Qualities & Attitude: Experience within matrix organization Lonza is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Lonza. The place to Go, Stay and Grow.