Willis Towers Watson IT is currently seeking qualified candidates for the position of Microsoft MIM (Microsoft Identity Manager) Developer. In this position, the successful candidate must demonstrate enterprise-level ability to support a mature environment and associated services in a large dynamic, global environment. Design, develop, implement and support Microsoft Identity Manager, Active Directory and Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), Directory Synchronization, and Azure AD. The main role for this position will be design, development and implementation of the MIM environment as well as production support. The Role The Identity and access mgmt. team provides global engineering, development and operational support for the Microsoft Identity Manager infrastructure as well as user/computer identity related processes and functions including Microsoft Cloud. The Identity and access mgmt. team is responsible for the development activities, availability, security, and performance Identity and Access Mgmt environments and associated functions including O365 services. As the team that maintains a core infrastructure service, the team must collaborate with a number of business segments and technical groups to maintain a stable environment. Major Accountabilities:  Design, development, implement and support Identity Mgmt Solutions and related technologies.  Partner with and work with business units, vendor application development as well as diverse areas within IT in an on-going basis to understand and implement identity lifecycle management solutions.  Active Directory/ADFS/Azure AD synchronization and management.  Provides subject matter expertise for the migration efforts  Support ticket resolution and acts as escalation point for Tier 1 and 2 service desk support.  Create/Maintain and Enhance Team Processes and Documentation The candidate must have the ability to work independently as part of a global team while partnering with application owners, technical business units, data center services vendors and other diverse areas within IT in an ongoing basis. The Requirements  BS/BA degree in a relevant Business or Information Technology area;  5+ years of experience implementing Identity Management Solutions.  3+ years of experience implementing Forefront / Microsoft Identity Manager (FIM/MIM) with multiple reference implementations.  3+ years of coding experience with C, .NET, and IIS.  5+ years of support experience with Windows 2012 and above  Should be a highly skilled MS MIM architect and developer.  Advanced understanding of software development lifecycle and application architecture.  Working knowledge of other technology infrastructure components, including but not limited to operating systems MS SCCM/SCOM, TCP/IP, Firewall rules, SSL, system management / monitoring SNMP.  Advanced Level experience with PowerShell, and/or shell scripting capabilities as well as MS SQL Server  Intermediate level experience with implementing and supporting Microsoft Azure cloud technologies  Solid understanding of underlying hardware components (storage, networking, etc.)  Positive team-first attitude with strong verbal and written communication skills  Must possess sound analytical and problem solving capabilities The Company Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas – the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential. Learn more at willistowerswatson.com. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a protected veteran, or disability.