Job Information Job Summary: The Clinical Research Data Manager 2 will perform a variety of data management duties of a complex and technical nature in support of clinical research studies conducted by principal investigators (PIs) for the clinical research program to ensure adherence to protocols and quality of information received. Maintain a close, collaborative working relationship with the PIs in your department to effectively manage research studies, with the department, with the administrative team, and the department staff. You will build and maintain effective relationships with key study personnel, clinical resources and colleagues throughout. Responsibilities: Data Management: Responsible for all data management aspects of clinical studies and efficiently performs all data management activities within an assigned study or studies. Provides data management expertise to the team in identifying opportunities for improvement. Ensures validity of research results through timely, accurate, and complete data submission, query resolution, and reporting of deviations. Demonstrates proficiency in the use of clinical and research-related computer programs. Research Conduct/Study Management: Ensures that relevant data from the source document are abstracted and recorded in the clinical trial case report forms and that every data point can be verified within the source document. Utilizes analytical thinking, attention to detail, and problem-solving skills Regulatory Compliance and Other: Facilitates communication between the site and study sponsor, CRO, and/or regulators and exhibits teamwork skills necessary for managing the data collection and reporting process. May assist in training other Data Managers within the unit. Other duties as assigned. Competencies: Demonstrated ability to abstract subject data from medical record/source documentation and enter into care report forms and/or databases required. Experience generating and resolving queries and/or monitoring data required. Ability to handle competing demands with diplomacy and enthusiasm required. Ability to perform research data management with minimal supervision required. Strong data management skills and attention to detail required. Ability to work collaboratively and with divisional research offices required. Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Adobe Acrobat required. Ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality with clinical data and client's proprietary data required. Adaptability to changing working situations and work assignments required. Ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Analytical skills required. Strong attention to detail required. Excellent multi-tasking skills required. Knowledge of medical and/or /clinical trial terminology required. Knowledge in relevant scientific field required. Ability to train junior data managers required. Additional Requirements Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree and one 1 year of experience or 5 years of relevant experience required. Required Documents: Resume Cover Letter NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Hourly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? No Drug Test Required? Yes Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? Yes Posting Date 2018-08-01-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-01-08:00