Overview Who we are: Meridian is a family-owned, family-operated company of passionate leaders, achievers, and innovators dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our members, our providers and in the healthcare industry. We provide government-based health plans (Medicare, Medicaid, and the Health Insurance Marketplace) in five different states (Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, and Ohio). Our employees work hard, play hard, and give back. Meridian employees enjoy: Happy hours, special events, company sports teams, potlucks, Bagel Fridays, weekly Executive Lunches, and volunteer opportunities. A Day in the Life of a Solutions Developer - ServiceNow: The ServiceNow Developer will focus on designing and delivering technical solutions that are developed on the ServiceNow platform. The position will provide development, documentation and technical support of the platform. This position will implement process and procedures in order to create solutions to complex business problems. Responsibilities Coordinate with all stake holders to implement enhancements and customizations in ITSM based tools using business and IT requirements. Customize ServiceNow modules or applications and facilitate rollout of new applications and modules while maintaining upgrade support. Configure Application UI and Configure Workflow Make recommendations on the design, development and overall ServiceNow best practices. Responsible for administration, support, configuration, and upgrades of platform Works on ITSM/ITIL initiatives and projects Define and document administrative procedures and processes for products and tools Interacts with other IT staff to assist and train their use on platform Interfaces the ITSM platform with other 3rd party solutions Automates the flow of system alerts and events through the incident and problem management process. Enhances professional knowledge and skills by attending training, seminars, workshops, conferences and reviewing published literature and best practices. Evaluates on a continual basis the entire suite of platform modules and tools and makes recommendations. Performs other related duties as assigned. Responsible for security roles, ACLs, and segmentation of data on ServiceNow platform Abilities: Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong attention to detail Ability to collaborate with team members and to work independently Strong innovative, problem solving, and analytical skills. A self-starter Ability to adapt to changing technologies Excellent multitasking, project management, and documentation skills. Ability to provide on-call support when Production issues occur. Qualifications What can you bring to Meridian: Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in an appropriate area plus two years of relevant professional experience. Degree requirements may be substituted with an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Demonstrated experience with ITIL v3 Professional experience implementing, configuring, supporting, and administering the ServiceNow platform Experience with developing systems integrations and process automation on the ServiceNow platform Ability to collaborate with team members to define, analyze, understand and document business and technical requirements and translate those into SerivceNow based solutions Desired Qualifications: ServiceNow Administrator Certification and/or ServiceNow Implementation Specialist Certifications ITIL v3 Foundations, Practitioner, or Intermediate Certifications Experience supporting a ServiceNow Mid Server Experience in configuring multiple modules/functions in ServiceNow including but not limited to the following: Incident Management, Request Fulfillment, Service Portal, Service Catalog, Discovery, Service Mapping, Facilities, Marketing, Finance, Event Management, Change Management, Problem Management, Service Asset, Configuration Database (CMDB), Knowledge Management, Service Level Agreements, Project and Portfolio Management, Resource Management, Demand Management, Release Management, Security Incident, Vulnerability Management, Workflows, Rules Experience with integrating additional 3rd party systems into the ServiceNow platform. Examples include: data sources for asset management, private or public cloud, directory services, web services, orchestration, and monitoring tools. Experience with designing and implementing work flows and automation techniques on the ServiceNow platform. Experience with authoring or creating reports, dashboards, and extracting data from the ServiceNow platform Desired Technical Skills: JavaScript, Python, HTML, CSS, XML, AngularJS, SOAP, REST, database concepts Experience with the following Microsoft Products: Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, and Project Experience migrating configuration or development changes from a development environment into a production environment. Demonstrated experience gathering and aligning business requirements and processes to the ServiceNow platform Identify opportunities to leverage automation. What Meridian can offer you: Our healthcare benefits include a variety of PPO plans that are effective on the first day of employment for our new full-time team members. Opportunity to work with the industry’s leading technologies and participate in unique projects, demonstrations, conferences, and exclusive learning opportunities. Meridian offers 401k matching that is above the national average. Full-time MHP employees are eligible for tuition reimbursement towards Bachelor’s or Master’s degrees. Meridian Health Plan was named Detroit's 1 Fastest Growing Company by Crain's Magazine, so it is a great time to get involved with Meridian. MSTR Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer