JOB SUMMARY Under supervision, performs a variety of clerical duties in support of office, program or unit operations. This is the second level of a four-level classification series. The Administrative Specialist II differs from other levels in this classification series in that the incumbent is required to exercise a moderate degree of independent judgment in the performance of their duties. The incumbent performs technical office support tasks requiring a clear understanding and skill in applying office guidelines and work methods. MAJOR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Performs reception work and provides information to internal and/or external customers/clients; maintains security and confidentiality. 2. Answers telephones, screens calls, responds to inquiries and/or refers callers to appropriate individuals and/or departments. Some employees may have to deal with sensitive and/or potentially volatile situations. 3. Opens, date stamps, sorts and distributes incoming mail and processes outgoing mail. 4. Receives, labels, logs, files and retrieves data. 5. Maintains numeric records such as inventory, logs and/or accounting files. 6. Inventories, orders, collects and distributes supplies and/or equipment 7. Types and/or word processes documents. 8. Schedules meetings and reserves conference rooms, schedules appointments and maintains calendars for supervisor and/or clients. 9. Proofreads and verifies own work. 10. Assists or orients co-workers, as assigned. 11. Identifies priority and time-sensitive materials. 12. Runs errands and works on special projects as needed. 13. Because of the Tribe’s commitment to community service and the well being of its members, each employee may be expected to perform a wide range of office and field duties from time to time. Such duties may or may not be related to their regular responsibilities. EDUCATION - EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING FOR POSITION Graduation from a high school or equivalent with course work in general office practices, and two (2) years of experience in an office, administrative, or related support position is required. Some assignments may require program specific certifications at a time set by the Tribe. SPECIFIC SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES REQUIRED FOR POSITION Knowledge: general office principles and practices, operation of standard office equipment that may include typewriter, personal computer, copier, fax machines and multi-line telephone, software applications relative to the position assignment, basic mathematics. Skills: keyboarding (speed required may vary according to position assignment), word processing (knowledge of software programs varies according to position assignment), oral and written communications, interpersonal and human relations, problem-solving, customer service ¾ in person and via telephone (discretion, patience, etiquette, professionalism) following oral and written instructions, prioritizing workload and adapting to changes in work load demand, providing limited training, maintaining confidentiality of sensitive matters, following through on assignments as directed, initiative and accountability skills for work product or service. Licenses or Certifications Required None