Kitchell is seeking an experienced Network and Systems Engineer who will oversee the design, implementation and architecture of the core technology infrastructure, this will include the installation, configuration and maintenance of network, infrastructure and information systems. This role functions as a solution architect in the design and implementation of major technology solutions. A key component of this role would consist of taking the lead in enhancing the cybersecurity capabilities and data center solutions for the organization. Kitchell is a 100% employee owned company with nearly 70 year history in general contracting, construction management, development, facilities management, engineering, architecture and a myriad of other services within the built environment. We offer an entrepreneurial environment that fosters personal growth through in-house education programs, formal and informal mentoring and cross-training opportunities. Kitchell encourages employee engagement through our formal profit-sharing plan, opportunity for enhanced ownership and by offering increasing responsibility through career advancement. We are consistently ranked among the best places to work, which is attributed to our tenured staff and outstanding benefits including health and life insurance, 401(k), college savings plans, business travel assistance and insurance, discounted auto and homeowners insurance, identity theft protection, rewards programs and much more. This is a great opportunity to lead a growing company’s technology roadmap, provide secure and leading technology for the business and make a difference in the organization and the industry! Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Evaluate and design new hardware, systems, and software for networks and telecommunications. Design, implement and oversee system security and data assurance. Apply advanced knowledge of computing systems and software structure. Install, configure, maintain network services, equipment and devices. Supports administration of servers and server clusters. Plans and supports network and computing infrastructure. Perform troubleshooting analysis of servers, workstations and associated systems. Documents network problems and resolution for future reference. Monitors system performance and implements performance tuning. Requires a thorough knowledge of networking essentials. Identify departmental needs and make suggestions regarding technical direction Strong analytical abilities and professional office experience needed. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Performs other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Skills Required: Knowledge of company networks, telecommunications, hardware, software, operating systems, cybersecurity and peripheral equipment. Understanding of company functions as relates to network and systems environment, and knowledge of IT systems policies, security and confidentiality requirements.. Required Experience, Education, and Certifications: Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent experience. Applicable Certifications: MCSE, CCNA, CCNP, CCIE, CNE a plus 5+ years of experience as a Network and Systems Engineer or similar. Verbal skills required to discuss and explain system capabilities to management and end users, and patience to provide user training. Written skills required for project documentation.