Come Play Since its founding in 2002, Big Fish has been the world’s largest producer and distributor of casual games, with titles which continuously land us at the top of app store charts. Big Fish is home to six individual studios, each with its own unique style of game-play. Together, we’re united under a common goal: to produce and develop the very best in mobile gaming and bring fun and entertainment to our millions of customers across the globe! The Mission Big Fish is seeking a skilled, positive, and passionate Data Analyst to join the Triton Studios team! The successful candidate enjoys combining analytic skills with business acumen to provide the game team peers with the data and insights that will drive our success. The Data Analyst works with key decision-makers on a daily basis as a data-driven advisor and partner on strategic issues. The candidate should enjoy both working with people and performing technical analyses. Responsibilities include: Work alongside the game development team to help define and recommend KPI's Monitor and provide reporting from key metrics across mobile social games Develop new insights and analyses that inform decisions and help us continue to improve gameplay Analyze game-specific data and pro-actively make recommendations to Product Managers, Game Producers, Game Designers and UX Designers Devise and run game-specific A/B tests to directly and indirectly drive KPI improvements Required experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, etc. 3+ years of prior data analysis experience 2+ years of prior experience creating, maintaining, and optimizing (SQL) reporting ETL's Ability to change directions quickly based on business, project, and team needs Ability to effectively communicate complex findings and ideas simply Advanced SQL experience with ability to work on large scale datasets Drive quality improvements of team's code through reviews and feedback Experience using descriptive and inferential statistics to analyze and present findings Experience using visualization techniques for presenting data and analysis Experience working with business teams to identify and define problems Bonus Points Experience in mobile products and games industry Experience building Tableau dashboards and visualization Experience working with data in Python, R, or Spark Scripting for ETL development and automation Working knowledge of relational and dimensional data models _Want to discover more about life at Big Fish? Check us out on_ _TheMuse.com_ _. Be the next Big Fish in the Pond!_