Want to be part of shaping the future? Our breakthrough ability to unlock insights from the web radically improves intelligence and cyber threat visibility for our commercial customers. We’re a high-energy, fast-paced, and fast-growing company. You’ll need the ability to understand and adapt to rapid product and technology developments, as we improve our products in close partnership with customers. You’ll have the support of a seasoned executive management team and world-class investors. This Role: We are looking for a resourceful Portuguese Linguist for our Insikt Group, working alongside with our highly skilled members and providing assistance in research of various cybercriminal activities. Day-to-day responsibilities will include monitoring of hacking communities, research leads-generation, criminal actors and malicious tools profiling as well as cyber-threat assessment. Ability to write high-quality intelligence assessments and briefings for a senior-level audience. Previous intelligence experience is required, knowledge of Brazilian cybercriminal underground is a must. Qualifications BA/BS required and advanced degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Progressively responsible experience in cyber security analysis, incident response, or related experience 5+ years experience as intelligence, or related analyst strongly preferred Knowledge and understanding of methods used to detect and prevent crimes that involve computers/networks as instruments Identify new techniques and attack vectors, thoroughly documenting adversary's capabilities, understand its propagation characteristics, and define signatures for detection. Fluency in English is a must; additional languages strongly preferred Professional working proficiency in Portuguese (reading, writing, and speaking). Experience refining primary source information and raw data into research reports and/or intelligence products Knowledge of the Brazilian internet landscape strongly preferred Strong writing skills Ability to work in fast-paced environment Relocation assistance will be considered for exceptional candidates. We realize we can only succeed with a team of very smart and passionate people. If you’re looking to work in a unique environment with ambitious, dedicated colleagues, the chance to collaborate with fantastic users and customers, then we have a lot in common! You'll also be equipped with top technology, enjoy trips, “the best” coffee, great food and fun. We offer competitive compensation, including stock options and a full range of benefits, as well as a great culture, commitment to professional development and social responsibility. Don't forget to check out our Podcast! ( recordedfuture.com/podcast )Join the Recorded Future team, special guests, and our partners from the CyberWire to learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things you’d rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligence. All episodes are free and available on iTunes, GooglePlay, and Stitcher.