MentorMate is seeking a Senior Solution Consultant. This role is responsible for supporting business development activities, especially with larger accounts that we believe have significant long term prospects for MentorMate. While they likely will be involved in some billable capacity with each prospect with which they engage sometime during their lifecycle, this is not the primary goal or measure of success for this role. Instead, each Senior Solution Consultant has a portfolio of clients at different stages of maturity and their success is measured by setting and meeting revenue growth objectives within that portfolio of clients. Some of these clients may be larger prospects that need to gain confidence in our overall capabilities by meeting and working with consultants that can gain their trust and who demonstrate that they know how to be successful in shipping software products using blended, distributed teams. In this scenario, the consultant may need to help propose the work, determine the overall technology stacks in play and the best team structure to complement the client’s existing personnel, and then assure a smooth kickoff, ramp up, and transition to program/project management. In other situations, these clients may have mature project efforts underway but need help sustaining their product roadmap and translating it into actionable work. Responsibilities Include: Prospect meetings Proposal writing / RFP responses Setting quarterly revenue objectives for each named account in their portfolio Working with account management/sales to meet periodically to discuss new needs and to ensure continuity in staffing Strategic consulting / domain expertise Team formation / onboarding Rapid ideation / discovery Solution and/or technical architecture Business analysis Program management Minimum Qualifications: 10+ years experience in software product development, IT, project/program management, or solution architecture Proven track record for identifying business needs, driving the solution concept, and building the support needed to fund the program Client-facing consulting experience or aptitude Preferred Qualifications: Practical experience with the entire lifecycle of software application development Hands on experience working with remote or offshore teams to deliver technology solutions Experience developing or leading long term (1+ years), $1M+ projects About Our Company MentorMate answers complex business challenges with native, hybrid, cross- platform and custom software development. We think big, design smart and develop fast for all screens, projects and teams. Our technologists work out of offices based in Minneapolis, MN, five locations across Bulgaria, and our newest office in Sweden. Solutions design, project management, interactive design and other client-facing operations are lead by our team stateside. MentorMate provides a collaborative culture to match the creativity of the technologists who work here. We blend autonomy and exploration with an entrepreneurial approach to all we do. MentorMate is a place of constant energy from the physical office space to how team members socialize. MentorMate was founded in 2001 to answer business needs with technology solutions designed for the users’ perspective. That spirit still drives MentorMate employees today. MentorMate is part of the Taylor Corporation family of companies. Taylor companies provide communication services, products and technologies to many of the most recognizable brands in the world. http://mentormate.com Benefits & Perks: We offer a competitive base salary, and an attractive benefit package including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, 401K, PTO (paid time off) and Holiday pay. Other perks at MentorMate include: An open, collaborative & fun environment A fully stocked kitchen with free beverages Free company lunch every Wednesday Prime location in the heart of Uptown Minneapolis Subsidized parking Ping pong, Foosball, and grand piano