Symantec Corporation is the global leader in cybersecurity . Operating one of the world’s largest cyber intelligence networks, we see more threats, and protect more customers from the next generation of attacks. We help companies, governments and individuals secure their most important data wherever it lives. Organizations across the world look to Symantec for strategic, integrated solutions to defend against sophisticated attacks across endpoints, cloud and infrastructure. Likewise, a global community of more than 50 million people and families rely on Symantec’s Norton suite of products for protection at home and across all of their devices. Symantec operates one of the world’s largest civilian cyber intelligence networks, allowing it to see and protect against the most advanced threats. For additional information, please visit http://www.symantec.com/connect/blogs Infrastructure Architect Roles and Responsibilities Infrastructure Architect will be responsible to innovate, adapt to new technologies and learn quickly; while thinking abstractly. Provides architectural blueprints and technical leadership. Provides technical leadership for a team of network engineers and administrators, setting the tone for definition, design and implementation of new network infrastructure components and services. Utilizes research and self-learning to ensure technical credibility. Works with engineers to maintain overall network platform stability, security and reliability Responsible to create and conduct presentations for audiences of varying levels of technical understanding. Responsible to be an active listener who engages with and translates customer requirements into solutions. Develops documentation; roadmaps, designs, lifecycle, labor models, governance, financial models, and service catalogs. Creates shortlist of technologies, vendors, RFP/RFI's, Perform Proof-of-Concepts (POC). Navigates effectively in a fast-paced, high-intensity, continuously changing work environment. Qualifications Expert-level experience and command of BGP/OSPF, with operational, hands-on experience in common BGP manipulation techniques. Experience and strong knowledge of carrier-grade router architectures - control/data-plane separation, multi-VRs, VRFs, etc. Experience and strong working knowledge of IP-VPNs and associated protocols, e.g. MP-BGP, RSVP, LDP, IPSec/IKE, and SSL. Demonstrated experience and good understanding of TCP protocol, its operation and effect on application behavior. 2+ years’ experience installing, managing and supporting production network and computer security systems comprised of multiple network hardware and software. Experience working with Routing, Switching, 802.1Q, VLAN, ARP, DHCP, VRRP, STP, LAN, WLAN, WAN, RADIUS, 802.1x, AAA. Experience working with virtualization technologies, including one or more: VMware, Hyper-V, Xen, KVM. Experience working with public cloud environments - AWS and Azure. Expertise and high level working experience with Linux/UNIX operating systems. Experience and expert knowledge of Enterprise/Data Center/ Cloud network/security standards, procedures and technologies. Proven experience and strong understanding of automation and orchestration approaches and tools. Experience with network vendors; Juniper, F5, Radware, Dell, HP, Cisco, InfoBlox, and monitoring vendors: ScienceLogic, Solarwinds, SevOne, Prime, LiveAction, NetBrain, Alert Site. Experience working with Symantec products; ProxySG, CWP, DCS, SEP, WSS Network/Security certification such as JNCIE, CCIE, CISSP, SSCP a plus SD-WAN/NAC vendor specific certification is a plus