Conshohocken, PA or New York, NY WHO WE ARE: Monetate, the personalization vendor most preferred among IR 500 brands is hiring! With a history of fast growth and the backing of VCs such as First Round and OpenView, it's no wonder that over 300 marquee consumer-facing brands choose Monetate to power their e-commerce success. Our cutting-edge technology leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and processed more than 2.1 billion personalized pages over Cyber weekend alone, offering peace of mind that we deliver real-time personalization at astounding scale. Designed for marketers, we are beloved for our ease-of-use. At Monetate, we love this stuff and our Monetaters fervently believe in a world in which brands can effortlessly deliver the best experiences to their customers—every time, using everything known about the customer, in every place a brand engages with them. If you want to be a part of a bigger purpose, bringing cutting edge technology to market, Monetate may be the right spot for you! WHAT YOU’LL DO AS CUSTOMER & FIELD MARKETING MANAGER: Monetate is seeking an enthusiastic, detail-oriented marketer with a strong programs and events background to join our marketing organization as the Customer & Field Marketing Manager . You will be responsible for the planning, marketing, and successful execution of campaigns and events for both customers and prospects. Reporting to the Director of Demand Generation, you will be responsible for finding, coordinating and executing against a wide range of activities including direct mail, seminars, tradeshows, virtual events. You will have budget responsibility and determine the right marketing strategy (i.e. tradeshows, conferences, field events, direct mail, user groups, promotions, etc.) to generate cross sell/upsell opportunities and net new sales pipeline. You will: Build a relationship with the Services organization to determine needs and build and execute strategic plans to increase renewals, referrals, and cross-sell and upsell opportunities, including: Become the go-to expert about our clients, including learning existing client stories that help marketing create effective assets and understanding client needs for continued education and success throughout their relationship lifecycle with us. Develop client campaigns that increase loyalty by educating clients about the value of Monetate and how to use our platform to meet their needs. Plan and manage client events, such as in-person/virtual events, workshops, annual conferences and awards programs. Identify key customers that can act as case studies, speaking opportunities, references, etc. Build relationships with the Sales organization to determine event needs and build and execute strategic field marketing plans, including: Monetate’s North America tradeshow strategy Regional Monetate prospect events In addition to planning and execution, you’ll also be responsible for monitoring/ reporting results and making recommendations for enhancing effectiveness (e.g. opens, click-throughs, deliverability, registrations, etc.) Handle vendor management and contract negotiation. Execute effective project management, delivering projects within agreed timeline and budget. WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR: 5+ years of relevant marketing experience (SaaS experience is a plus). Strong experience in marketing, event coordination, trade show management, customer marketing and vendor negotiation. Experience using marketing automation vendor, Marketo, for event recruitment and post-event nurturing. Extremely organized, self-starting, detail-oriented, and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Creative thinker, not afraid to try new things, but also able to successfully manage routine tasks. Demonstrated experience working effectively under pressure while remaining positive, flexible, and open to feedback. Collaborative nature to be able to work across teams to drive outcomes. Excellent written and verbal communication skills (including editing and proofreading). Knowledge of best practices for creative, copy and marketing emails. Experience with relevant software applications including Salesforce.com. OUR TEAM & CULTURE: We’re relentlessly customer focused : Everything we do, we do to make things better for our customers. We innovate and continuously improve. Better products. Better service. More Value. Repeat We’re here to win: We lead in a market that never stops moving. We have the courage to commit, to make tough decisions and when we need to we turn on a dime. We love this stuff: We hire smart, fun, talented people who want to make a difference. We’re building the world’s most amazing team of personalization zealots. We’ve got each others backs: We value candor, appreciate diversity and insist on respect. We’re here for each other. Every day. We win as a team with a shared spirit of optimism. We’re owners and we act like it: We take initiative, act with urgency and are accountable for results. We’re all engaged Integrity is non-negotiable: Our customers, suppliers, partners, stakeholders, communities and competitors can all trust us to do the right thing. No BS. No exceptions PERKS: You’ll get to work with a very talented and passionate team of Monetaters. We pride ourselves on upholding a respectful and supportive environment; if there's something you need to get your work done, well get it for you We understand that everyone is different. We have flexible hours, no dress code, and you're free to migrate between dedicated desks (standing desks available), private rooms, open lounges with couches, or even the lawn to get your work done. You'll never go hungry - catered lunches and tons of snacks Unlimited PTO 12 weeks of fully paid maternity leave and 4 weeks of fully paid paternity leave Full Benefits, 401k & Stock options Monetate is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, or protected veteran status.