FICO Business Analyst Skills : Accounting, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Asset Management, General Ledger, Internal Orders, Budget, Profitability Analysis Description : The SAP Finance and Controlling (FICO) specialist will provide leadership as well as hands on experience for implementing best practice processes in the Finance and Controlling module of SAP. The candidate is ultimately responsible for their area of SAP, including blueprint optimization, customer satisfaction, managing consultants and delivery of projects, with minimum day to day supervision. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES : Works closely with Subject Matter Experts, the user community, other SAP business analysts, the SAP development team, and other team members on IT projects. Researches, analyzes, designs, identifies, and facilitates process improvements that focus on providing standard SAP functionality to meet business requirements wherever possible. Provides training and mentoring to others in the company related to area of expertise. Defines and implements best business practices, adhering to the business standards for the FICO functional processes. Translates business requirements into detailed functional specifications, test scripts, and other system documentation while adhering to company standards. Identifies costs, benefits, risks, and alternatives in proposed system designs and studies their impact on integrations with other systems and SAP modules. Performs SAP configuration to support new and changing business needs. Troubleshoots application problems and proposes optimal resolutions. Provides on-call support and evening and weekend work to support project go-lives and fiscal close activities. Supports monthly and year-end activities. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Education and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in accounting, administration, or business related major. MBA or CPA preferred. Requires 7 years’ experience in an SAP ERP environment, with at least 3 years front end business experience as an accountant or finance professional, and 5 years of experience supporting the Finance and controlling functions within SAP FICO. Experience with at least two full life cycle implementations. Project management experience preferred. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must be an SAP accounting and costing expert. Ability to implement best practices of AP, AR, internal orders, general ledger, asset management, controlling area, cost center accounting, and profit center accounting. Knowledge of how to create cost elements, cost centers, valuation profiles, internal orders, and reporting. Experience with projects integrating SAP to cloud platforms (e.g.: Wells Fargo Payment Manager, Billtrust, Paymetric, etc.) Experience of setting up the New Financial statement version (i.e. Balance Sheet & Income Statement) for new Group Account is required. Experience setting up new companies, both as transactional and excel entities is required. Extensive knowledge/experience with the development of functional specifications as well as development requirements is required. Proven ability to quickly learn existing business processes and combine knowledge from multiple disciplines (e.g. SAP capability, Standard industry best practice) in order to produce an optimal business solution is required. Possesses the skills to initiate, evaluate, develop, defend, and influence users on adoption of solid, actionable recommendations is required. Excellent communication and business relationship skills is required. Experience with US sales tax software packages (e.g. Vertex) and credit card integration scenarios using Paymetric is required. Experience with Winshuttle is a plus. Experience with end user documentation software packages such as Ancile or SAP Workplace Performance Builder is a plus. Experience working with Business Intelligence teams delivering business reporting is a plus. Previous experience working in the Apparel or Footwear industry is highly preferred. For this position the company will not sponsor applicants for work visas nor expense for relocation.