Job Description: At Global Partners, an Application Analyst provides technical guidance to a department or business unit regarding software tools and applications. We have an opportunity to assist in the support and development of RightAngle, an ETRM (Energy Trade Risk Management) software tool utilized in various functions within Global Partners. Prior experience in the Oil & Gas industry or with RightAngle is not required, we will train candidates who desire to become hands-on technologists with a customer service mindset and will dedicate themselves to mastering an industry leading application. Responsibilities System Analysis, Development & Support Provide end-user support and training, release/upgrade support and testing. Work with peers, clients and 3rd parties in resolving software problems. Collaborate in the design, development and deployment of enhancements. Create documentation, data interface design, data migration and reconciliation Provide orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems. Business Analysis Support solution design sessions enhance business processes and operations. Analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and process, when appropriate, rebuild them Create process models, specifications, diagrams and charts to translate conceptual user requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developers/project team. Qualifications: 0 - 3 years in IT, software, or related disciplines Knowledge of programming and/or query languages, ie. .Net or SQL Knowledge of Databases, ie. SQL or mySQL Demonstrated knowledge of general computing technologies, OS, Server, Network, Outstanding Customer service attitude & communication skills Previous Interns/Co-op experience a plus Strong communication skills both oral and written Formal Education Required: Bachelor's Degree in the field of computer science, software engineering or management information systems We are an equal opportunity employer. We consider applications for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information or any other legally protected status.