_To save time applying, Ericsson does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time_ JOB SUMMARY: We are now looking for a Technical Developer who has extensive experience designing and developing SQL Data Bases, the ability to support and code new solutions using Python, experience developing VBA scripts, and exposure to the utilization of JIRA for maintaining development schedules and status reporting. This position will be part of the Supply Chain Performance Management team which is responsible for the Governance and Development of internal Analytics and Automation solution, that support both our North and South American Regions. The position will report to the Manager of the Performance Management team and will work in collaboration with Project Managers and other Technical architects in the design, development, testing and support of applications and data bases. Although this is a technical position, the candidate should also be knowledgeable of Supply Chain Operations within the context of a multi- national corporation. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design and Support of an extensive SQL data base environment Development and testing of Python and VBA scripts Knowledge of SAP Transactions utilized with Supply Chain Management Management of Project status and reporting utilizing JIRA Collaboration with Operational teams on the definition of technical requirements KEY QUALIFICATIONS: Education: Bachelors or MSc Degree in Info Tech/Comp Science Min years of experience: 5 with Masters, 8 with Bachelors Extensive Knowledge of SQL DB Design & Maintenance, Python, VBA, Tableau, SAP Supply Chain & Supply Process Knowledge ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Good Communications skills Working as part of a collaborative team environment Experience with SAP Order Management, Warehousing, and Delivery modules LI-post DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || Supply&Log Req ID: 252585