The primary responsibility of this Machine Learning Compiler Verification Engineer position will be testing the NVIDIA software compiler team’s machine learning tool suite that applies supervised learning and reinforced learning to support compiler development and verification functions. In this role you will work closely with developers to test new machine learning related features including crafting and executing unit and functional tests. You will perform release testing and release administrative work supporting tool releases. Other responsibilities include developing and maintaining build infrastructure, and integrating to existing NVIDIA configuration management, continuous integration systems, and reporting systems. You will administer and maintain test lab systems as well as resolve necessary configurations. This role includes tracking failures, verifying bug fixes, and producing test reports. What you will be doing: Test Development. Author/review test plans, implement test cases, automate tests, integrate tests into test management, port 3rd party testing, and author test reports. May also included integrating already existing tests into the compiler test management framework. Test Automation: Automate compiler testing using NVIDIA test frameworks and by programming. Includes test execution, test reporting, and results analysis. May also includes automation of build environment. Process Improvement: As part of team identify potential or observed weaknesses in current process, offer ideas for actions that can improve quality, and participate in quality initiatives. What we need to see: You will be focused in machine learning and/or quality testing fields. Applicant should be able to design, craft, execute and maintain test cases, test automation, test methodologies and test plans. Applicant needs a general understanding of compilers, machine learning concepts, testing process and software development process. Ability to work in a team oriented environment. Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience. 8 years work experience in a development organization. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Proven strength in problem solving and implement solutions. Excellent written and verbal interpersonal skills. We need someone who is self-sufficient, learns quickly, and must have strong analytical skills with attention to detail. Candidate should be able to apply existing skills to new situation, you should enjoy testing, and be able to work with minimal supervision. Proficient skill in Python and bash. QA Methodology: On our team we require experience writing test plans, test development, test automation, test execution and reporting in a production environment. Applications: At minimum candidate should have some experience with a source control tool, the ideal candidate will use MS-Office. Programming: read/understand C, and ability to update existing scripts. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.