What does a Director, Territory Sales do? The Director, Territory Sales is accountable for the end to end financial results of sales within the assigned territory, with an average of 176 store locations. You will direct a team of (5+) Sr. Manager, Market Sales leaders and build a culture that is engaging, and encourages innovation, knowledge sharing, and profitable growth. As the Director, Territory Sales you will: Be accountable for the end to end execution of sales business results, not limited to sales, margin, complex sales, cost control, store profitability and EVA within the territory. Implement and drive the execution of sales strategies, plans, and objectives within the assigned territory. Be responsible for maximizing return on investment, profit & loss, daily operations, and people development of the Sr. Manager, Market Sales (5+). Communicate regularly with Territory leaders (TGMs) and other Territory, Market, and District Managers regarding business priorities and plans. Teach, coach, and drive shared responsibility for corporate led initiatives. Lead and develop team members with coaching, training, career counseling and direct performance development through use of business performance and personal development goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Director, Territory Sales? Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent 5 years management experience including Supervision of direct/indirect reports 3 years multi-unit management experience with responsibility for financial results (including sales, margin, profitability) Preferred Qualifications: Associate degree or above in Business, Management or related field Previous experience establishing and executing sales strategy for a multi-unit business Previous experience implementing corporate initiatives What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.