About Revfluence Revfluence solves the massive problem that faces every consumer business of how to produce, track and optimize branded content across the web. The platform makes the process of collaborating with photographers, models and other creatives more seamless and scalable than ever before while also providing the infrastructure to constantly learn and target the right content for the right person through the right channel. Founded in 2014, Revfluence is a fast growing Series A funded startup backed by investors in Domo, Marketo, Dropbox, Google, and Uber. We're growing fast and want to add great people that want to tackle this challenge to our hard working and passionate team! The Role We're looking for talented engineers that can meet our high technical bar, want to take significant ownership of parts of the platform, and are a great fit for our open, driven, and collaborative team culture. Join our small but growing engineering team by making a significant impact as we tackle challenging problems and innovate for great brands and talented content creators across the world! What you will be working on Developing major application features for the platform Building MVP experiments for new product ideas Helping to architect front end / backend frameworks Working with designers and other team members to understand our users and help guide product decisions Implementing standards and practices to improve and maintain code quality Shipping code every day! What we're looking for from you: A smart and driven developer that is motivated to build a great product Great communication skills and a desire to collaborate with the team Deep experience with building web applications An interest in taking on more responsibility and ownership over time Technical degree (though brilliant dropouts are welcome!) Attention to detail and a good general sense of design Understanding and use of design patterns Solving complex and challenging hurdles Bonus points if you: Have experience with Python, AngularJS, Google App Engine, React, or Django Can contribute towards UI/UX and product design Have knowledge regarding enterprise software, marketing and advertising tech, e-commerce products, or photo and video content creation Benefits and Perks Flexible Unlimited Vacation Policy Health, Dental, and Vision insurance + 401(k) Office entertainment allowance Education credit perk Weekly team lunch and happy hour Commuter benefits Dog friendly office Convenient location in downtown SF’s financial district near Market Street Work in a highly collaborative environment with creative and dedicated people! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.