PATH is a global organization that works to accelerate health equity by bringing together public institutions, businesses, social enterprises, and investors to solve the world’s most pressing health challenges. With expertise in science, health, economics, technology, advocacy, and dozens of other specialties, PATH develops and scales solutions—including vaccines, drugs, devices, diagnostics, and innovative approaches to strengthening health systems worldwide. PATH’s Global Engagement & Communications Team leads PATH's brand, communications, policy and advocacy, philanthropy, business development and strategic corporate engagement efforts. We tell the story of PATH's work internally and externally, support the efforts of governments and policymakers around the world to adopt healthy policies, and inspire donors and corporations to partner with us and support our work. Under the leadership of the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO), we are currently transforming PATH’s brand and communications strategy to drive revenue, awareness, and overall impact for the organization. We recently hired three world-class creative firms to rebrand the organization, completely redesign our website, and reimagine our overall marketing efforts with a focus on data- driven communications that increase PATH’s overall impact. We are now recruiting our first-ever Editorial Content Manager to effectively manage the editorial process across our owned channels from strategy to planning, development, execution and reporting. This position will oversee brand integrity and user experience across all our institutional channels while supporting our creative and marketing teams in executing high impact initiatives. The Editorial Content Manager will report to the Head of PR and Communications, lead a small team, and work closely with counterparts across marketing strategy, marketing operations and creative functions. Responsibilities: Develop and execute an editorial content strategy that aligns with our organization’s initiatives and business goals. Establish, implement, and maintain a process for planning and producing editorial content. Continually research and test to find the most effective ways to get the right content, to the right audience, at the right time. Manage a multi-channel editorial calendar and corresponding production schedule to ensure content is published on time. Track external events, milestones and the international news cycle to ensure our content is timely and well positioned for a global audience. Manage the production workflow of multiple content packages simultaneously. Review deliverables to ensure they meet our brand standards. Work with a global team of program and project communicators to produce beautiful content that is on brand and strategically aligned with our content strategy. Monitor analytics, periodically share summaries with the team, and recommend ways to optimize. Publish articles using a content management system and teach others. Required Skills You Should Be: A marketing and communications professional with 5+ years of experience in content strategy, copywriting, editorial planning and development, user experience.Knowledgeable about marketing strategy, brand, design, online marketing, and website development Agile at HTML and content management systems (Wagtail user a plus).Able to stay organized and efficient while multi-tasking. A superior writer and editor with an interest in mentoring and training junior staff to help maintain brand consistency. Diligent about publishing accurate, interesting, quality content. An experienced user of social media. Strategic and results driven. Adept at client services, able to work with a wide range of internal and external stakeholders. Curious by nature, intrigued by solving problems, and well versed in the creative industry and marketing trends. A change agent, who appreciates an evolving environment. Passionate about both what we do as an organization (global health) and within our department (marketing and communications). Excited about helping to transform a global brand to directly impact global health. Must have legal authorization to work in the United States. _PATH is dedicated to building an inclusive workforce where diversity is valued._ _PATH is an equal opportunity employer. Every qualified applicant will be considered for employment. PATH does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, age, national origin, marital status, disability status, political ideology, military or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law._ Required Experience