We are now seeking a Senior Cloud Engineer for Autonomous Vehicles: Intelligent machines powered by Artificial Intelligence computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error — this is truly an exceptional time and the era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU Deep Learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human creativity, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, NVIDIA’s GPU runs Deep Learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. NVIDIA is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” Our myriad investments in self driving cars, AR/VR, robots put us at the vanguard of the AI revolution. Do you think you want to be part of this revolution ? Our team is tasked with the mission of building the technology needed to make cars drive autonomously. Our team is building the Map Perception component of the NVIDIA DriveWorks SDK, with the goal to build a scalable crowd-sourced HD mapping platform for autonomous driving, that will enable a fleet of autonomous vehicles to create and consume map data collaboratively. We are seeking senior software engineers with strong background in building and managing large scale cloud services. An interest or background in computer vision, mapping, LiDAR perception, deep learning, sensor fusion, and other autonomous vehicle related areas is a plus. What you will be doing: Architecting and building a brand new service to help us build the HD mapping platform of future. Developing and optimizing software architecture for real-world performance while matching or exceeding customer requirements. Collecting map data, working on storage systems, fusing and mining data, integrating into a cloud-based service. Solidifying existing algorithms, and working with large amounts of real and synthetic data to continuously improve the algorithmic and computational performance. Performing tests in cars, capturing data and completing autonomous drive missions. Developing unit tests, documentation for features, evaluating quality and proposing corrective actions. What we need to see: CS/EE degree and at least 8 plus years of industry experience. To be successful you should have built a service from scratch and managed a service. Experience with the latest technologies in the cloud computing and experience evaluating technology stacks. Have strong programming and debugging skills. Good communications and analytical skills. Ability to work with multi-functional teams across multiple time zones. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Deep knowledge of scalable cloud based mapping solutions. Experience developing Computer Vision systems for shipping products. Familiarity with visual geometry and deep learning in a shipping product context. Expertise running highly available live services. We believe that realizing self-driving cars will be a defining contribution of our generation (e.g. traffic accidents are responsible for ~1.25 million deaths per year worldwide). We have the funding and scale, but we need your help on our team. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.