POSITION: Tour Guide Specialist DEPARTMENT: Event Services REPORTS TO: Tour Coordinator FLSA STATUS: Part-time Hourly, Non-Exempt Summary A candidate for this position promotes a positive and professional image at all times and must represent high expectations and core values as presented at U.S. Bank Stadium. This individual is responsible for delivering a service of the highest standard and is administered daily through each tour given. Tour Guide Specialists will effectively assist the Tour Program at U.S. Bank Stadium in a front-of-house management role, including but not limited to day- of-ticket logistics, tour operations, staff scheduling and supervising tour guides. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Report daily to Tour Coordinator. Daily set up for Tour Operations including; route walk throughs, set up signage, check all equipment, report any physical facility issues and other duties as they may occur. Ensure all Tour Guides are in proper uniform and are equipped with necessary tools to perform their jobs. Meet and greet all guests entering U.S. Bank Stadium, check for valid tickets when necessary. Be personal and pro-active in providing assistance to all guests with the highest level of customer service and hospitality. Assist the Tour Program team with day-to-day front of house tasks including logistics for private tours, potential route changes due to special events, monitoring and supervising staff. Follow and assist on tours of U.S. Bank Stadium to public and private tour guests daily, making sure that all tour groups stay together. Assist with creating and delivering training Assist with creating and delivery tour analytics and reporting Track and report Group Tour logistics and sales Ensure Event Tours run smoothly by ensuring proper set up of signage, cleanliness of routes and other duties as necessary In the event of an emergency, assist in evacuating U.S. Bank Stadium, while maintaining a calm, professional demeanor. Monitor all public areas to maintain order and safety. Work with fellow team members to keep the tour on schedule and in the correct routes. Complete the daily reports promptly and with precision to be presented to the Tour Coordinator. Maintain a professional image and pleasant demeanor at all times Perform additional functions and activities as directed by the Tour Coordinator. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience An Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree or a related field of 5 years plus of documented experience 1-2 years related management experience with Customer Service skills in a public facility; such as a stadium, hospitality or entertainment venue Must be age 18 or older. Nice, warm and courteous. Have strong interpersonal skills and able to provide excellent customer service and hospitality. Communicate articulately. Maintain a professional appearance and grooming. Able to stand for long periods of time. Walk long distances, and climb stairs. Must be a team player who is able to work well in a fast paced environment. Must be willing to be flexible with their schedule and daily assignments Must be willing to work weekdays, evenings, weekends and holidays. Ability to speak other languages (other than English) a plus Preferred: Previous experience in venue events. Previous experience in a customer service role. Computer proficiency and technical aptitude with the ability to utilize MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Access. Management skills and experience. Computer Skills To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge using Microsoft office including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Job requires employee to function in a high activity and heavily crowded professional sports venue. May work at heights. Employee could be exposed to inclement weather of varying degrees. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand for long periods of time, walk long distances, and climb up/down stairs. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 45 pounds. Employee may be asked to work at heights. Note The essential responsibilities of this position are described under the headings above. They may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons. Also, this document in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. SMG is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and encourages Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities, and protected Veterans to apply. VEVRAA Federal Contractor. Applicants that need reasonable accommodations to complete the application process may contact- 612-777-8727. SMG is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and encourages Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities, and protected Veterans to apply. VEVRAA Federal Contractor.