Do you have a passion for turning data into actionable information that helps drive real business value? Do you want to be part of establishing the configuration best practices and insights that make a company successful? Do you want a career with a leading, entrepreneurial company driven to be the best? If so, the Lattice Implementation Analyst role may be right for you. As an “IA”, you will work with cross-functional teams to implement and maintain Lattice solutions for our customers. You will become a subject matter expert in working with client data and configuring the Lattice suite of applications. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, a team player, and have a passion for data analytics. Lattice is the global leader in delivering artificial intelligence (AI) applications for marketing and sales. Our software is used by over a hundred leading firms and many Fortune 500 companies including Dell, EMC, Thompson Reuters, PayPal, Staples, and Amazon. Backed by Sequoia Capital and New Enterprise Associates, Lattice has a proven leadership team with backgrounds from companies such as McKinsey, Bain, BCG, Accenture, Oracle, Siebel, Salesforce.com, and Eloqua. Key responsibilities include: Work closely with implementation teams to support application data updates and configuration needs Manage, monitor, and provide metrics on data refreshes and software updates across various customers Work with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot data quality issues and drive the resolution of discrepancies Implement new features, functions, and enhancements for customer-specific Lattice solutions Work from the Lattice Austin office The best candidates have the following qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Finance, Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Supply Chain Management, or a related field Experience working with data Advanced Excel skills (e.g. pivot tables, VLOOKUP, charts), with SQL experience a bonus High attention to detail Willingness to learn and a passion for driving successful software implementations Strong work ethic, comfort with ambiguity, and a problem-solving orientation Ability to multi-task effectively and be comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment without close guidance or supervision Excellent verbal and written communication skills