Innovate. Collaborate. Shine. Lighthouse — KPMG's Center of Excellence for Advanced Analytics — has both applied data science, AI, and big data architecture capabilities. Here, you’ll work with a diverse team of sophisticated data and analytics professionals to explore solutions for clients in a platform-diverse environment. This means your ability to find answers is limited only by your creativity in leveraging a vast array of techniques and tools. Be a part of a high-energy, diverse, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. For you, that translates into the chance to work on a wide range of projects — covering technologies and solutions from AI to optimization — and the power to have a real impact in the business world. So, bring your creativity and pioneering spirit to KPMG Lighthouse. KPMG is currently seeking an Artificial Intelligence Software Engineer to join our KPMG Lighthouse - Center of Excellence for Advanced Analytics. Responsibilities: Design, develop and maintain artificial intelligence-enabled managed services (APIs) with a team of Data Scientist, Software Engineers and Project Managers Architect, implement and test data processing pipelines (e.g. Hadoop and Spark) and data mining / data science algorithms on a variety of hosted settings, such as Cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) and KPMG's own clusters Develop containers (Docker) to ensure that APIs and processing pipeline can be easily deployed across a variety of hardware and software architectures Build continuous integration and automated deployment environments Develop automated reporting for API and system health (process, memory, response time) Translate advanced technical architectures into production systems and contribute to the continual maintenance and testing of processes, APIs and associated user interfaces Qualifications: A minimum of two years of direct experience or close working relationship with DevOps engineering and previous big data experience with multiple programming languages and technologies Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Scala, or Java, with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly; Understanding of cloud and distributed systems principles, including load balancing, networks, scaling, in-memory vs. disk; Experience with large-scale, big data methods, such as MapReduce, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Impala, or Storm Ability to work efficiently under Unix/Linux environment with experience with source code management systems like GIT; Ability to work with international team needs, provide assistance, and resolve problems, using excellent problem-solving skills, verbal/written communication Good understanding of object oriented design and design patterns; Familiarity with agile software development practices, testing strategies and solid unit testing skills; Experience with the following: cloud computing and virtualization, persistence technologies both relational and No-SQL and multi-layered distributed applications Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future and the ability to travel up to 80% at times KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.