Position: Associate Director, HEOR Service Line Location: Greater Philadelphia Area Company Overview: Synchrogenix, a Certara® company, is a global, multimillion-dollar regulatory and scientific writing company headquartered in Wilmington, DE, with US offices in Atlanta, GA; Thousand Oaks, CA; Cincinnati, OH; Philadelphia, PA; Raleigh, NC; Malvern, PA; Parsippany, NJ; San Diego, CA; Nashville, TN; Orlando, FL; Gaithersburg, MD; and Cambridge, MA. Synchrogenix has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Synchrogenix Europe Limited, headquartered in Daresbury, UK, with an additional office in London; and Synchrogenix Philippines Inc. (SPI), headquartered in Manila. Founded in 1986, Synchrogenix takes a unique team approach to projects drawing from the varied skills and backgrounds of its writers and editors. This approach enables Synchrogenix to bridge all functional areas within drug development, with the singular focus on regulatory/medical documentation. Regulatory writing is truly an expertise, and Synchrogenix’s 170+ permanent writers and editors are among the best in the world. Synchrogenix now offers additional technologies and services that expedite the regulatory process. These include: The only artificial intelligence assisted medical writing service in the pharmaceutical industry. This transformative technology helps clients to better meet global transparency and disclosure requirements. Submission Management - our suite of products consists of the solutions regulatory operations professionals need to efficiently manage and publish, validate and review eCTD submissions. Regulatory Services - submission and publishing services for marketing and pre-marketing applications as well as subsequent lifecycle submissions to support original applications. Document Management - an intuitive, affordable document management system that reduces complexity form a user perspective while meeting the same robust standards for security and regulatory compliance This combined knowledge makes Synchrogenix the consultancy of choice for life science and biotechnology companies worldwide. Synchrogenix was named one of the INC 500/5000 Fastest Growing US Companies in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016 and 2017 and has been named a Best Place to Work multiple times. Corporate Culture: Synchrogenix was founded on the principles of ethical business practices and high-quality work. It is a learning-oriented organization with a strong commitment to the idea that every individual—regardless of experience level—has something to teach and something to learn. Synchrogenix has built its culture on: Being fast and flexible, non-hierarchical, apolitical, and non-defensive Active participation—nobody sits on the sidelines Teamwork—the company’s success is important to all of us Cross-functional communication (lots of it) and a high-tech culture that works to have everyone on the same page Disciplined leadership that inspires passion and commitment Personal accountability Strong peer and management support for those who want to learn Position Overview The role of Associate Director-HEOR Service Line is a member of a team focused on delivering HEOR expertise to our clients as well as our internal teams. This individual, while supporting The Director HEOR, will also represent Synchrogenix at professional conferences and meetings. Key Functions: Write, review and/or serve as internal HEOR on value dossiers, literature reviews, white papers, regulatory documents and other medical communications Lead a matrixed internal team to produce HEOR deliverables such as value dossiers, literature reviews, white papers Present to external clients as part of the sales process and project deliverables / final presentations. Contribute to proposal writing for HEOR deliverables Collaborate with internal colleagues to teach HEOR methodology and writing skills Provide general statistical expertise for HEOR and other projects Maintain environmental awareness of HEOR trends and issues that impact our clients Required Skills/Qualifications Minimum Requirements: 5+ years in direct HEOR experience (client or service provider setting) MS or equivalent experience in statistics or biostatistics PhD in health economics related field Preferred Qualifications 10+ years experience in HEOR 5+ years as a direct service provider (highest preferred if that time is in HEOR services) International experience Fluency in more than one language Published author in HEOR The Ideal Candidate Is reliable, professional and discrete, and personable with business acumen Is a team player who is flexible with an extremely high level of attention to detail and enjoys collaboration Is deadline conscious with strong leadership and management of process Is self-motivated and solution-driven Can manage changing and competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Desires challenges, both technical and interpersonal Opportunity and Value for the Right Candidate Make an immediate contribution Be a critical driver to overall company success Variety — submission-level work across therapeutic areas Flexibility — custom schedules and benefits of “flex time” Stability — almost 32 years in business Support — a community of writers working as a team Grow – excellent potential for growth and advancement Learn – gain valuable knowledge and expertise for development and advancement (training provided); the ever-evolving pharmaceutical and biotech industries, and a niche segment, that is growing exponentially. Competitive compensation and benefits package _Synchrogenix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without discrimination on grounds of disability, sex or sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity leave status, race or national or ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, gender identity or re-assignment, marital or civil partnership status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Synchrogenix makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees and applicants. Synchrogenix only employs individuals with the right to work in the country/ies where the role is advertised. We are committed to fostering, cultivating, and preserving a culture of diversity and inclusion. The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self- expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation and achievement._