The charter of the Database Group at Microsoft Research Redmond is to increase the usefulness of database system technology to users by creating, extending, and applying database technology. To that end, we consult with product groups at Microsoft and take part in exploratory research projects in several data management systems topics. See our current projects list for an overview of our active research areas (https://www.microsoft.com/en- us/research/group/database/). The Database group has a long tradition of building systems as part of our research. Several of our projects have contributed major technical innovations to Microsoft products. Examples include the Hekaton main-memory OLTP engine, SQL Server Apollo column storage, and the StreamInsight event processing system. Responsibilities Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be currently enrolled in a BS/MS/PhD program in Computer Science or a related STEM field. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of database systems and understanding of basic machine learning techniques/tools is preferable. Demonstrated ability to develop original research agendas. Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.