What You'll Do Digitization, data science, and automation are transforming every business. The Digital Experience and Analytics organization is playing a key role in transforming the sales, partner, and customer experience across Cisco. As part of the Customer Experience function, this group is delivering upon a multi- year vision that digitizes the way Cisco engages with customers and leverages data science to intelligently drive action in an increasingly automated manner. This new organization is a catalyst for change that impacts all parts of Cisco. Who You'll Work With The Customer Experience data science team is an incubation hub for a range of initiatives that are changing the sales, partner, and customer experience. The team has been recognized for innovation both internally and through external industry awards. We’re looking for someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment in which they have significant responsibility and autonomy for delivering results and who gets excited about the prospect of significant learning and growth. Who You Are As a member of this dynamic and fast-paced team, you lead a team of data analysts and visualization specialists charged with discovering useful information and insights, delivering intelligent analysis, supporting decision making, and creating engaging experiences through the use of data visualization. The scope of the work is global in nature, spanning digital, seller, and partner-related focus areas. The audience includes sales leaders, business unit leaders, digital experience managers, and strategy and planning leads. Specific responsibilities include: Be a thought leader for driving a cultural shift around data-driven decision making across the organization Have a thorough understanding of the business context – ie, how the organization sells, how the partner model works, how digital capabilities are being leveraged to scale the business, etc. Understand how analytics can be applied to solve a wide variety of business problems. Identify analytical requirements and be able to leverage relevant data sources in partnership with data scientists and data engineers on the team. Proactively identify data gaps and quality issues and take appropriate steps to address these issues. Provide ad-hoc analytics and query support to internal teams. Analyze complex data sets, visualize data in an audience-appropriate manner, and deliver the analysis clearly and concisely across a variety of functions. Be able to “tell the story” behind the data. Leverage data visualization and interactive displays to help stakeholders engage with and understand the possibilities of analytics. Design and produce dashboards as well as regular reports to measure progress against all established KPIs and goals, including areas of success, opportunity, and improvement. Develop and support a team of analysts to grow their analytical, communication, and leadership skills. Benchmark team capabilities against industry best practices and seek continual improvement. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree 6+ years of experience as a senior analyst, data scientist, or analytics product manager Strong instincts for translating business requirements into actionable KPI and insights Strong interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to influence outcomes and communicate technical content to general audiences, including ability to “story tell” with data. Demonstrated leadership experience in a fast-paced and diverse environment Well-versed in SQL and Hadoop ecosystem (Hive, Spark, Map Reduce) Familiarity with A/B testing methodologies Experience with dashboard design and data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau). Critical thinking and ability to drive conclusions based on data findings Strong written and verbal communication Team player with positive can-do attitude; energetic and proactive Desired Skills MBA or Master’s Degree in technical field Experience working in a digital marketing environment Experience analyzing large data sets in Hadoop Experience building business cases Familiarity with common machine learning algorithms Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco