Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the Services Company of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our customers’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview The Director of Cloud Native Technologies will be responsible for leading the development and growth of new solution offerings related to modern cloud technologies including cloud infrastructure-as-a-service, platform-as-a- service, application container platforms and orchestration of infrastructure with code. As the principal lead for this technology space within the CTO Office, you will be a “pragmatic visionary” that partners with sales, marketing and service delivery to develop world-class technology solutions that meet the needs of customers and scale both technically and operationally. As the Director of Cloud Native Technologies, you will lead a cross functional team of technologists from the pre-sales and services organizations to create compelling offerings, define standardized delivery methodologies, develop differentiated capability and successfully deliver meaningful results for customers. You will be responsible for leading teams through a rapidly evolving technology landscape, making smart decisions that best leverage nfrastructure’s core capabilities to bring compelling solutions to market. You will be innovative, detail-oriented, team-oriented, self-directed and adaptable to market shifts and feedback from nfrastructure customers. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The _Director of Cloud Native Technologies_ is primarily responsible for: Partner with the business to understand and translate market needs into world-class technology solutions that meet the needs of customers and scale both technically and operationally. Identify and shape opportunities to provide or create additional customer value. Lead cross-functional teams to bring new solutions to market and prepare for highly effective operational delivery. Develop trusted relationships with key decision-makers across customer organizations. Create compelling presentations to introduce new technologies, architectures and methodologies to both customers and nfrastructure leadership and team members. Provide technical and analytical guidance to customer executives, earning trust and confidence in nfrastructure’s ability to help them succeed. Lead customer briefings and workshops, effectively showcasing cloud native technologies and unique nfrastructure delivery capabilities. Analyze the market and identify emerging technologies for prioritized research and solution development. Identify and develop opportunities to create high-value intellectual property that differentiate nfrastructure solutions and services. Serve as a people developer, mentoring and coaching team members. Engage with the technical community and recruit top talent to further strengthen and grow the nfrastructure team. We are se eking candidates with the following experience and skills Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience desired. 10 + years of experience in a technical role, ideally with a rapid career progression from technologist, to manager of engineers, to leader of engineering leaders. Experience leading technical teams to define and build new solutions and services and deliver outstanding customer experiences. Experience with AWS and Microsoft Azure enterprise implementations. Experience with Docker and Kubernetes enterprise implementations. Significant pre-sales experience, including working with technical leaders in large enterprises to establish thought leadership and drive business opportunities. Experience with agile development teams and DevOps methodologies. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences, including C-level executives. High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously. Proven analytical and quantitative skills. Strong ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop strong business cases. Ability to travel for key customer meetings and technical events and conferences. At Zones, we take great pride in offering a full spectrum of comprehensive, flexible benefit programs to our employees: Medical/dental/vision coverage 401(k) plan with matching provision Life insurance Paid vacation time Financial protection benefits Group discounts & perks Wellness programs And more Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement opportunities to every applicant. Come join our team. Let’s talk.