What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.