Data Analytics Analyst - 18000YOZ Preferred Qualifications At NetSuite Global Business unit, we are revolutionizing cloud-based business applications for mid-market and enterprise companies, and creating user experiences to delight users and drive growth. This position is part of the Strategic initiatives team which is currently focused on developing and rolling out NetSuite’s go-to-market offering and approach referred to as SuiteSuccess. We are looking for a hard-working, self-starter to join us in the Customer Experience team (sub-team within Strategic initiative) which focuses on compliance, adoption, communication & continuous refinement of SuiteSuccess solution & processes to increase the overall end user experience (NetSuite Customers, internal employees, partners, etc.). The Solution lead will drive the analytics strategy & execution to enable a data driven decision making for our executives. This individual will help create dashboards, reports and scorecards for executives that can provide a unified view on customer health, compliance, financial performance & market intelligence. This individual will also be responsible to monitor & analyze this data and provide recommendations on what corrective steps as needed. The ideal candidate would have implemented complex Reports, Dashboard & Scorecards (preferably using NetSuite). Responsibilities: Deliver reporting and strategic insights through reporting and manual data extractions to drive a significant improvement in user adoption and compliance Lead deep-dive analysis and investigations to better understand an end to end customer experience including touchpoints, cross-channel behaviors, drivers, preferences and segmentation – ability to sift through mass amounts of data and generate insights from it Generate reporting dashboards / scorecards from concept to execution; very hands-on approach needed to create the processes and data visualization strategies Conduct detailed root-cause analyses, data-mining, integrate multiple data sets, generate insights and provide innovative business solutions Develop prototype using reporting and dashboard tools upfront in the project life cycle thereby validating the requirements, eliminating ambiguity and providing early visibility to business on the final solution. Responsible for testing activities, planning and execution Provide post go live and/or steady state support Work with senior management to understand their needs & provide reports as needed Establish and maintain strong relationships with Leadership, business and functional team members to align objectives, resources and expectations. Work with global teams as required, to possibly include occasional travel Minimum Qualifications: Requires a BA/BS, Graduate degree Detailed Description and Job Requirements Responsible for the delivery of Product Specifications Documents to supplier partner(s) or delivery of process specifications to meet business specifications. May be done in partnership with business partner(s) or via guidance to business partner(s) for execution. Defines system specifications needed to roll out flexible business models. Responsible for understanding business objectives. Performs process or functional analysis to identify gaps compared to specifications, confers and/or drives issues with management for resolution, and ensures overall fulfillment of business specifications. Responsible for day-to-day engagement with business and/or process subject matter experts. Advises and consults with business teams prioritizing allocation of people resources, addressing project team problems ensuring that all team deliverables are met, and developing and presenting proposals of project plan and getting agreement from appropriate stakeholders. Understands and applies theories to policies and operating environment needed to effectively and efficiently complete assignments. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. 2 years relevant experience and BA/BS degree preferred. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.