Data Engineer, Analytics Are you looking for an opportunity to be part of a fast growing and dynamic team? Do you want to broaden and deepen your understanding of key business drivers, challenges, risks and opportunities? Are you passionate about business intelligence and the impact it can have within a large business? If so, this role may be right for you. The Agile BI team (also known as Starlight) is responsible for growing and supporting an end-to-end BI platform at scale that enables various audiences (from senior executives to field leaders) across many groups and businesses to monitor and manage key indicators. We are looking for a BI Engineer who has a proven record of successfully building and supporting analytics solutions and platforms to join us in our evolution, taking a leading role in designing, implementing and evolving innovative capabilities tailored to solving complex scenarios. In this role, you will also leverage Microsoft’s latest BI and cloud technologies for practical applications and directly provide feedback and recommendations to the product engineering teams. Responsibilities The role’s core responsibilities include: Design and development of key analytics capabilities using SSAS tabular modeling and DAX Evolving our process and architecture by implementing new technologies (Azure PaaS, TOM) Analyzing and solving complex business problems, breaking down the work into actionable tasks, and working with our PMs to plan and communicate delivery commitments Consistently improving and optimizing tabular models to achieve peak performance across the entire analytics platform Thought leadership, creation, and execution of new platform capabilities Qualifications The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: BA/BS in operations, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or other technical/quantitative discipline 4+ years of BI development experience using MS based technologies 2+ years of experience developing SSAS tabular models with large and complex datasets Strong proficiency in DAX, SQL, Excel, Power BI Excellent problem solving, critical thinking skills, and communication skills Azure and COSMOS experience highly valued Machine Learning, Data Science, and statistical modeling preferred Knowledge of Microsoft data assets/systems preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.