Learn and work on meaningful initiatives with some of the best and brightest in the market research industry. The NPD Group provides the world’s most successful brands with leading market research, combining consumer and retail point-of-sale data with analytic solutions to interpret today’s market trends while anticipating tomorrow’s. In addition, we offer a career filled with innovation and growth to the forward-thinking problem solvers who join our team. Position Overview This person is responsible for ensuring the quality, timeliness and integrity of NPD products. The Data Quality Analyst establishes and implements processes and methodologies to ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, adhere to high quality standards and meet customer expectations. He/she will also work directly with the practice to address quality concerns, communicate quality decisions and conduct validation exercises. Overall Responsibilities: Evaluating and approving data for validity and impact on deliverables. Responding to internal data inquiries. Compiling and analyzing data reports. Demonstrating a sense of urgency and utilizes resources efficiently. Making recommendations on standards for reports and analysis that will either improve quality or decrease timing. Demonstrating skills to think outside the box and challenge the status quo. Assisting in the development and maintenance of training materials, and process documentation. Providing guidance in the planning and launching of critical products for the practice. Ability to work on multiple priorities and/or projects simultaneously. Taking responsibility for personal development by seeking training, on-the-job experiences and input from manager. . Qualifications: Must be fluent in Brazilian Portuguese and English. Knowledge of the Automotive industry a plus. BA/BS degree or equivalent. 2 years experience. Knowledge of search engines and business research tools. Ability to think conceptually and analytically with strong problem solving and decision making skills. Ability to adapt to changing business needs. Understanding of data analysis and interpretation. Have a strong sense of commitment to the execution of deadline-driven tasks. Must be detail-oriented with the ability to multi task. Embraces teamwork & possesses ability to effectively work cross functionally. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Knowledge of MS Office (Access, Word, PowerPoint) with excellent expertise in Excel including Pivot Tables, Importing/Exporting, Formulas, etc. Experience in data processing environment or retailer/industry knowledge a plus, but not required. The NPD Group, Inc. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.