Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to be part of a team lighting up actionable insights to help the organization make business decisions and drive field action? Do you want to be at the forefront of driving company-wide impact using Big Data? Our team, part of a larger Data and Analytics org in Marketing, is transforming how the company aligns to and executes against our OS and devices strategy. Our team builds and operates an extensive data platform that associates product telemetry and cloud services data with licensing agreements, customers, devices, partners and sales teams. By connecting data across different product/service telemetry and enterprise systems that were not designed to be connected, our platforms provide Microsoft with insights into our customers’ deployment of Windows devices. With strong, trusted partnerships across the company hungry for telemetry driven insights, the capabilities we build and manage provide foundational support for our commercial and consumer businesses that were never before possible. Our scope is currently expanding to include analysis, field and scorecard reporting, application development and field metric support for all Office and an Enterprise Mobility and Security products. Come be a leader in this is exciting space and join an amazing, growing team! THE ROLE We are looking for motivated software engineers who are passionate about leading change, exploiting and optimizing cloud services, driving experiences across thousands of Microsoft stakeholders, growing our platform, incorporating new workloads and expanding our critical services. As a senior engineer in this highly visible role, you will be responsible for developing the high-quality software needed to optimize our data platform by direct contributions, learning from others, leveraging others work and contributing to the success of others. You will take on the challenging opportunities and issues inherent in building high-volume, extensible, highly reliable, continuously operating platform services that serve multiple corporate, worldwide sales and marketing and external stakeholders. You will be responsible for evolving the platform (including migration to and exploiting cloud resources), collaborating with our talented full-time employee and vendor engineers and close partnership collaboration with our architectural, PM and operations teams. Responsibilities Design and develop software, solutions and platforms that meet business requirements, ensure that your work complies with our team’s engineering standards, architectural roadmap and meets our delivery milestones and SLAs. Practice iterative software development and SCRUM life cycles Participate in SCRUM ceremonies including Daily Standups, Sprint Planning, Demos and Sprint Retrospective Participate in project costing exercises Communicate successes and issues to take part in the evolution of the team workflow processes Maintain VSO records for planning and completed work Participate in bug triage rotation, code reviews and QA activities with the rest of the team Maintain low bug counts per team standards Call out risks and red flags to the team if and when issues become apparent Communicate status with bug, feature and user story owners Adjust to changing priorities Sprint to Sprint Assist the Ops team in publishing your code, communicate work, status and metrics as needed, ensure timely resolution of urgent operational, service that require engineering support. Solve highly unstructured business problems and Influence overall solution approach across the team and with stakeholders. Partner with our extended team of PMs, data scientists, technical analysts, operation professionals, architects and engineers to ensure transitions, delivery plans, engineering execution, risks and issues, reporting and support scenarios are well-understood and communicated. Become a SME on multiple business processes and how related solutions are expressed in our services and technology and mentor other engineers. Qualifications We're looking for candidates with: Proven track record of shipping and managing all aspects of software and cloud services development with hands-on technical experience. Experience in designing and delivering enterprise-grade, high transaction volume, Data Platform as a Services (dPaaS) and experience with Azure Data Lake, Azure Analysis Services, Azure SQL, Cosmos or an equivalent set of cloud capabilities. 6+ years of experience in building data platforms, data engineering and/or software engineering, including experience working with agile methodologies and cloud technologies (e.g. Azure Data Lake, Azure Analysis Services, Azure SQL, Cosmos or an equivalent set of cloud capabilities)? Experience in leading and building solutions under Agile/scrum methodologies. Curiosity with a desire to continuously learn, share and collaborate to improve yourself and your teammates. Strong communication, negotiation and consensus building skills when dealing with stakeholders and team members. Strong problem solving and algorithmic thinking capability. Strong cross-group collaboration and effective communication skills to drive issues to resolution with ability to communicate insights to both technical and non-technical audiences. Undergraduate degree in data engineering, computer science or related field of study for software development is required. Master's degree preferred. Understanding of field motions, product marketing, using data at the scale and complexity of Microsoft. A passion for driving and evangelizing the use of data to make informed decisions across Microsoft. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. MLDFY18