The Technology Leader function is region-facing and is responsible for ensuring IT plans and strategies are aligned with business goals and that the business is maximizing the effective use of technology and innovation in its business practices. The Technology Leader is expected to have a “seat at the table” and is a member of the local and/or regional leadership team. This requires ongoing, proactive interaction with all regional and local leaders and users while providing consistent communication with various IT functions. There is a key focus on managing the relationship with the business at both a strategic and portfolio level to ensure the IT organization has early insight into changing business directions in order to inform and shape IT demand. Expectations for Technology Leaders are below: Fully accountable for meeting technical and program objectives. Plans and executes work of team(s). Establishes milestones, tracks performance and oversees work of others. Influences technology policy and strategy across the business organization and establishes the allocation and management of resources for work Understands the relationship between area of specialty and broad business requirements Business Engagement – 60% Engage with business leadership in the region/assigned area to advise and recommend technology solutions to business challenges and strategy. Drive the integration of IT strategy with regional business strategy and operational goals; manage demand shaping. Guide IT project teams in local relevance and dealing with concerns raised by the business. Identify the barriers and potential risks and possible unintended consequences of a technology change to local business. Determine resources for a project and ensure that services being brought into the environment have proper support model. Assist site readiness and communication prior to implementing any global / regional projects. Enable fluid and cross-functional communication. Provide guidance to the user community on best practices, users' roles & responsibilities, how to's & best methodology to leverage IT services, support model, corporate IT policies, standards & procedures by way of advice, documentation or initiation and support of workshops. Ensure delivery of high touch customer services in all technical areas related to IT and technology and handle customer service escalations Work with the technical teams to understand the impact of planned outages on the end-user community, coordinate and communicate outage windows and facilitate end user testing after changes are made to ensure there is no degradation in services. Oversight for Local Service Management – 25% Ensure quality and alignment to SLAs and Business Satisfaction of Managed Service providers for local affiliate / site, escalating to Global or Regional Technology Leads where necessary for remediation. Review Customer surveys related to all Service desk incidents and service requests, provide feedback to the customer to provide a transparent service. Gain direct feedback from business colleagues on service offering. Review and monitor service level reports for internal and external delivery. Assist in the development of summary decks (by reviewing raw data) for cluster presentations at regional level Be accountable for successful resolution and escalation of major incidents and provide local feedback through appropriate channels. Also act as the first escalation point for local issues. Understand areas of weakness / opportunities for improvement in service offering and provide feedback to strategic vendors. Attend regular service reviews with Service Desk & Field Service teams. Support deployment and adherence to SIAM processes or process changes at a local operational level Engage SIAM as/when needed to ensure process issues are resolved and improvement opportunities are being identified. Drive adherence to problem management processes, ensuring root cause analysis is conducted, site wide analysis and trending completed and corrective action plans are followed, completed and communicated to the business and Regional Technology Leaders Ensures IT technical, risk and compliance standards within the Location – 10% Represent IT in local Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP). The local Technology Leader is part of the Location Crisis Management Team to ensure relevance of the IT elements of the BCP/DRP Ensure compliance with regulatory operations such as Change controls, quarterly SOX/PCI sign offs, RCTS, Privacy activities as agreed with GIS and business and participates in relevant SIAM governance meetings (DPC, CAB, process reviews) Oversee management of all security exceptions as required by the business and in line with IT policies. Financial Management – 5% Develop site budgets for IT and monitor spending against the budget. Review of monthly OPEX charges to ensure financial accuracy. Assist site IT Procurement related activities by providing budget oversight, ensuring proper controls as well as working closely with the buyer's network. Where required, oversee renewal/upgrades with local vendors. working with Indirect Procurement/VMO teams, anticipate and oversee contract renewal dates, provide business and IT context in negotiating contract details and cost (with local suppliers). Qualifications Skills/Specific experience required: Ability to think strategically and creatively, and communicate effectively in a fast moving, rapidly growing area Ability to understand broad business concepts (retail, supply chain, CRM and marketing, web/m-web commerce, sales/field operations, workforce management, etc) and relate them to the IT organization and vice versa; ability to communicate complex IT topics in relevant business terms to drive effective decision making and planning. Superior interpersonal skills and ability to communicate comfortably with all levels of business stakeholders. Adaptable and able to work under pressure. Ability to work independently and with limited direction. General working knowledge of IT concepts and services (application development methodologies, infrastructure including server, database, storage, and network architectures, desktop support, unified messaging, office automation and email, and mobility) General working knowledge of physical and logical Cybersecurity and relevant compliance regulations Proficiency in concepts and operation of enterprise level service delivery (minimum ITIL Foundation and Service Operations Intermediary Certificate) Ability and experience in managing budgets, forecasts and costs Good supplier relationship and technical (service) leadership skills; can effectively drive vendor contract reviews and negotiations of low to medium complexity Job: Information Technology / GIS Primary Location: Americas-US-CA-Los Angeles Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Shift: 1st (Day) Shift We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Job Number: 188636