At Bright Horizons, if you are not in the direct support of children and families, then you are in direct support of those who are. This statement is true across the board, but especially within our rapidly growing and dynamic Information Technology department. As our new Data Architect , you will be responsible for; leading the design, development, and implementation of information, data, analytics architectures, roadmaps, and best practices that produce business outcomes central to the success of our technology team. What you will be doing: The incumbent should have a strong focus on defining the data solutions, data management, and analytics environment that will enable more efficient and effective decision making. Partner with stakeholders to support strategic services including feasibility studies, data modeling, project estimation and data governance. Design and drive Extract Transformation and Load (ETL) solutions on multi- terabyte databases, data warehouse, leading ETL development, system integration design, application design, interoperability, process integrity across multiple platforms and resolving technical issues. Job Requirements Minimum 8 years of progressively responsible work experience in data architecture environment Minimum 5 years of experience in working as Solution/Data Architect Minimum 5 years of experience with ETL design and development using tools Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) or equivalent Minimum 5 years of experience with data warehouse development on a major RDBMS (Oracle, Netezza, DB2, SQL server) Minimum 5 years of experience with SQL/PL SQL, SQL query optimization. 5+ years in data and analytics and/or technical support experience Experience with Data Modelling Proficient OLTP and OLAP concepts Experience in Erwin or other Modelling tools Experience in creating technical design and implementing MDM/ETL solutions Experience and willingness to mentor and coach technical team members Proficient verbal and written communication skills. Understanding of TOGAF Additional Information Bright Horizons is dedicated to creating a workforce that promotes and supports diversity and inclusion. We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals without discrimination. Bright Horizons complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the recruitment helpdesk at 855-877-6866 or bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. Having technical issues with your online application? Contact us at bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com or 855-877-6866. FT/PT Full-Time Job Category Information Technology Job Type Regular Job Category 2 Corporate