Make an Impact and Grow Your Skills at Leading Global Innovator Build a Career Home at Company Shaping the Future of Automotive Cockpit Electronics If you complement your technical SEC reporting knowledge with initiative and a results orientation, this position offers you multiple opportunities: You will provide subject matter expertise to the team providing accounting and finance support for a company of 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 19 countries. Our goal is to bring on professionals who are motivated to expand their knowledge and skills , and you will gain exposure to multiple functional areas of our company. We promote the kind of creative and collaborative environmen t that is simply hard to find. We are enjoying strong growth, and there is much more to come; that growth will create opportunities for proven performers. You'll join a company committed to new and emerging technologies , driven by a modern and forward-looking approach. A technology-driven company focused on cockpit electronics and the road to autonomous driving. Visteon is at the epicenter of the connected car driving revolution, with one of the broadest cockpit electronics portfolios in the industry. Visteon designs, engineers and manufactures vehicle cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions that deliver a rich, connected experience for drivers and passengers. Visteon is well-positioned to address emerging cockpit electronics trends, with solutions including Phoenix™ infotainment, SmartCore™ domain controllers and an autonomous driving approach that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning. Named a top-five Tier 1 supplier for connected car solutions by ABI Research, Visteon is technology- driven, flexible and enjoys a diversified customer base and broad global footprint. Video: Visteon's award-winning SmartCore™ is the industry's first cockpit domain controller, consolidating and integrating infotainment, headup display, instrument cluster, smartphone and virtualization. SmartCore is an important part of our roadmap to autonomous driving. The Requirements To meet the basic qualification for this role, you will have legal authorization to work permanently in the United States for any employer without requiring a visa transfer or visa sponsorship. In addition, to be a good fit for the SEC Reporting Manager opportunity, you will have: A bachelor's or master's degree in Accounting Certified Public Accountant (CPA) 3+ years of public accounting experience, ideally at a Big 4 firm Strong knowledge of GAAP and the ability to independently research complex accounting topics Proficiency with MS Excel and Word Just as important will be the following competencies and characteristics: Exceptional analytical skills and strong attention to detail Excellent organizational skills with the ability prioritize and manage multiple tasks or assignments and consistently meet or exceed deadlines Solid written and communication skills Self-motivation and a strong sense of urgency The ability to effectively interface with global team members, peers, internal stakeholders and leadership What'll Make You Special 5+ years of public accounting experience at a Big 4 firm Great writing skills Technical accounting experience Experience in the automotive / electronics space Proficiency with financial reporting systems (e.g. HFM, QAD, Wdesk). Pictured: Visteon's breakthrough approach to infotainment the next-generation Phoenix™ infotainment platform - is one of the most crucial systems to enhancing the user experience in a connected car. Like all our infotainment solutions, it enables connectivity to the Internet of things (IoT) and the cloud, and offers personalization and artificial intelligence functionalities. The Role NOTE: Internally we call this position "SEC Reporting Advisor" but it carries the same responsibility and compensation as a manager in other organizations. Reporting to the Senior Manager, SEC Reporting & Consolidation, you will join a team that also includes a Supervisor, Senior Analyst and Technical Accounting Advisor. You will help lead the team responsible for the preparation of SEC filings, and also be responsible for technical accounting research and staying up-to-date on new accounting guidance and pronouncements. More specifically, you will: Manage the preparation, accurate reporting, and filing of SEC periodic reports (e.g. 10-Q, 10-K), including managing XBRL requirements Coordinate with the broader finance team and treasury for necessary accounting disclosures for certain footnotes and management's discussion and analysis Collect, synthesize, and process edits received from management, auditors, and attorneys Perform and manage XBRL tagging on areas of responsibility and perform quality reviews on areas tagged by others Complete SEC and generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) disclosure checklists Assume responsibility for the accounting and reporting for certain areas of technical accounting, including but not limited to deferred income and intangible assets Author whitepapers to document positions on various accounting issues Support the management of the Company's global accounting policies and chart of accounts Evaluate the potential impact of proposed and issued accounting standard updates, managing or supporting any implementation efforts as appropriate Handling ad hoc responsibilities as needed (e.g. due diligence for potential acquisitions/dispositions, capital raises, etc.) This description is intended to give you a general overview of the position and is not an exhaustive listing of duties and responsibilities. Pictured: Visteon is a pioneer and leader in head up displays (HUDs), helping drivers keep their eyes on the road. Our engineers are bringing higher definition and modular product architecture to HUD, based on tailored kinematic system. What's in It for You Make your mark You will become a subject matter expert on SEC reporting in our organization, and people will turn to you for the most up-to-date information. You'll also enhance your reputation externally as you develop whitepapers. Professional development Working at Visteon is not a destination, but a journey in which our employees can develop their strengths and advance their careers while helping a global, technology-focused company achieve its goals. We have a variety of programs in place to support employees' ongoing development. Visteon is dedicated to performance leadership - employees are encouraged to set developmental goals every year and are rewarded for their commitment. Focusing on the future Our corporate strategy involves focusing on emerging areas in the automotive industry, including autonomous vehicles. This strategy is driven by constant innovation, and you will work on the leading edge as part of this team. We are recognized across the industry for innovation. For example, our SmartCore™ Cockpit Domain Controller earned the German Center of Automotive Management's top innovating prize in 2017. Autonomy and support If you're the person we're looking for, you take pride in working through challenges on your own. We believe in hiring great people and getting out of their way. At the same time, you will join a team with deep experience, and support is always at hand. Stability and growth We have a strong book of business that projects several years out, and a customer base that includes almost every automotive manufacturer on the planet. You will find Visteon on every Ford vehicle. Our revenues in 2017 were $3.15 billion, and 2018 is shaping up to be another strong year for us. Award-winning workplace In 2016, Visteon was presented with a When Work Works Award for its use of effective workplace strategies to increase business and employee success. This prestigious award is part of the national When Work Works project administered by the Families and Work Institute (FWI) and the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), and is based on an evaluation of factors associated with employee health, well-being and engagement. Impact and benefits At Visteon, employees are part of an international organization and are often in daily contact with colleagues and customers all over the world. The nature of our organization allows employees at all levels to deliver results that affect our business on a daily basis. Visteon offers competitive salaries, state-of-the-industry benefits and an environment that encourages employees to achieve their career goals. Video: In August 2017, Visteon employees volunteered at Life Remodeled, a Detroit non-profit organization that invests approximately $5 million in cash, labor and materials into one Detroit neighborhood each year. Keys to Success We are looking for a resourceful, enthusiastic, and disciplined professional who can contribute at multiple levels. The role involves more strategic work as hands-on tasks. Your expertise will be esteemed, but we value well rounded, sharp-minded people who can help out in different areas. While we recognize that there will be a learning curve, you should take a proactive approach to getting up to speed quickly. In fact, you should be driven to gain knowledge and broaden your professional horizons on an ongoing basis. You bring the intellectual curiosity and we'll provide opportunities to learn. In addition, in order to be an outstanding SEC Reporting Advisor, you will: Achieve goals independently, but also contribute as a team player Demonstrate the initiative to see what needs to be done and do it. Combine analytical skills with creativity in solving problems Ensure the delivery of top quality results in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines Promote collaboration and knowledge sharing with others Keep a constant eye out for ways to improve processes and controls Pictured: Visteon was the first to market with fully reconfigurable instrument clusters and we continue to develop intelligent solutions for safety, security and connectivity