As a Marketing Analytics Manager, you’ll analyze marketing performance data and deliver insights to ultimately drive marketing strategy. Working across various channels and TMP products, you will be responsible for identifying opportunities for improvements and help us fulfill our commitment to our clients – to revolutionize the way companies connect with talent. TMP Worldwide is an advertising agency that specializes in Employer Branding. We thrive on creativity and innovation and are global leaders in our field. RESPONSIBILITIES What does a great Business Intelligence - Marketing Analytics Manager do? Reporting to the Director, Analytics Services, you will consult with internal teams to understand overall business objectives, expectations of TMP products and services, and specific use cases for each product. You’ll work with external clients to gather business needs and determine how TMP products and services meet those needs. Develop meaningful metrics that communicate performance results tied to strategic objectives Provide quality analysis and reporting to assigned accounts, providing rationale to increase ROI Present reports and findings to key client stakeholders Be aware of other analytics solutions and/or vendors that clients’ may be utilizing and be able to educate and speak to the value of TMP analytics services by comparison Provide the rationale for product renewals, consulting how clients should use data to inform on their goals and identifying upsell opportunities Resolve discrepancies with data and instilling clients’ confidence in reporting abilities Present and explain tracking mechanics to non-tech audiences as needed Collaborate with other TMP and Talent Marketing Solutions teams to ensure client retention Continually improve your knowledge of tools, data, TMP products, and best practices QUALIFICATIONS Requirements for consideration Bachelor’s degree 3-5 years of marketing analytics and reporting experience including at least 1-2 years of client-facing presentation experience - Employer Branding or Recruitment Marketing experience strongly preferred Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to simplify complex concepts and deliver comprehensive presentations to stakeholders with varying levels of analytics knowledge Must be analytical and enjoy taking on a strategic approach Knowledge of tracking systems and tools Proficiency with Tableau Google Analytics certification or equivalent experience Google DoubleClick certification or equivalent experience Knowledge of social metrics (i.e., Facebook & YouTube insights) Knowledge of ATS systems and data integrations a plus Basic understanding of data modeling and ETL processes Join the global leader in talent acquisition technologies that’s committed to finding new ways to leverage software, strategy and creative to enhance our clients’ employer brands – across every connection point. We’re looking for unconventional thinkers. Relentless collaborators. And ferocious innovators. Talented individuals who are ready to work towards solutions that transform the way employers and job seekers connect. _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _GDMetrics_