Summary This opportunity is being offered as both a TLT (Term Limited Temporary) OR a Special Duty assignment. (Only internal , Career Service employees are eligible for Special Duty assignments.) This position is estimated for a duration of 5 years. King County is embarking on a journey to make "data-driven" business decisions in our pursuit of becoming the best run government. As part of a new IT Service focused on Data, we are looking for a Data Solutions Architect (DSA) to drive the design and creation of solutions that maximize the value of our data assets. We are seeking a DSA to holistically architect, design, and modernize our data. DSA's typically are assigned to a primary business domain (public health, transportation, law/safety/justice, etc.) but provide backup support for other DSA's across other domains. You will analyze current data capabilities and help create road maps that mature and enhance the usefulness of our data. You will work with other DSAs at both a departmental and an enterprise level in shaping the creation of analytical data repositories that fuel data-driven decision making. This is a senior level individual contributor role working closely with business stakeholders, and other IT team members, to engineer new information management solutions. This DSA position will have primary responsibility for the Law, Safety, and Justice (LSJ) domain that represents several agencies and departments in criminal justice and law enforcement. While specific experience with LSJ data is ideal, it is not required. A DSA with strong experience in data modeling, warehousing, governance, security, and turning data into useful information in another domain such as finance or human resources can be very successful in this role. One of the first projects in support of this domain is a large Jail Management System (JMS) replacement effort for the Department of Adult and Juvenile Detention (DAJD). The project will acquire and implement a modern, comprehensive, and integrated JMS which replaces the current legacy systems. The DSA for this project will oversee the design of data integrations and data flows and assist with data quality and migration. You will create data diagrams and schemas and plan the transformation of data from source to target databases. King County Department of Information Technology (KCIT) KCIT is providing the building blocks for many of the region's most critical services. As the business solutions partner, we collaborate with the 18 County departments to develop products and services that better serve the needs of our customers and our community. To learn more about KCIT, please visit our website: http://kingcounty.gov/depts/it.aspx As the first place recipient of the 15th annual National Association of Counties (NACo) Digital Counties Survey, KCIT was recognized for its vision, strategy, innovation, and collaboration. Previously earning top 10 digital county honors in the last eleven years from the Center for Digital Government, KCIT has a focus of delivering smart technology solutions that support customers, building stronger communities through innovative information technology. Benefits King County offers a robust benefits package to support you and your family in a variety of ways. To learn more about the benefits offered here, please click on the Benefits tab or click here: http://www.kingcounty.gov/employees/. Duration This position is estimated for a duration of 5 years. Work Schedule The normal workweek for this position is Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Alternative work schedules may be considered. This position is not eligible for overtime pay. Questions If you have questions regarding this recruitment, please contact Shannon McCourt, smccourt@kingcounty.gov or 206-263-6957. Job Duties The DSA will be responsible for fully understanding and architecting all data within their assigned domain to meet customer needs related to business intelligence and analytics. This includes but not limited to: Analyze existing source data systems, and analytical requirements, to design and implement new data repositories (operational data stores, data warehouses, data lakes, registries, clearinghouses, etc.) Create and maintain various data architecture artifacts (data models, data flows, data dictionaries, ETL transformation logic, etc.) Leverage and guide a team of modelers, ETL developers and Analytics developers to orchestrate complete and forward looking BI solutions - potentially assigning work to others and helping to mentor/grow skills throughout the team Coordinating efforts with other service teams to ensure quality data requirements, data structures, and data services are addressed as part of our solution development lifecycle Establish and maintain standards and guidelines for use by all within and outside the service team. This will include standards and processes around data quality, data governance, meta-data, data models, source of truth, and other areas. Plan and configure appropriate data processing workflows and schedules (real time, near-real, batch) to avoid bottlenecks and contention issues. Assist with data classification and establish appropriate security and data access requirements Architect solutions for both structured and semi-structured data (sensor, image, video, etc.) Experience, Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills Two years of experience in a senior technical role as a data architect working on enterprise data repositories Two years of experience acting as a lead for data analysis and modeling activities working with business customers Strong data modeling skills including conceptual, logical and physical in a wide variety of schemas and formats (Entity/Relational, NoSQL, Dimensional, Data Vaults, etc.) Knowledge and usage of BI Tools (Tableau, PowerBI, etc.) including the data prepping and blending capabilities of each Demonstrated strong working relationships with DBA, ETL, and BI teams in developing and implementing new data warehouses, data marts, etc. Understanding of industry standards for data security and privacy Understanding for how to link and integrate data across domains and blending semi-structured and structured data Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with customers, gaining their trust and respect Ability to communicate effectively with others at all levels of the organization with either technical and business orientations Desirable Qualifications Industry and professional certifications (DAMA, TDWI, ITIL, etc.) Bachelor's degree in data science, information management, computer science, computer engineering or similar. Supplemental Information This opportunity is being offered as both a TLT (Term Limited Temporary) OR a Special Duty assignment. (Only internal , Career Service employees are eligible for Special Duty assignments. It is important to note that you must get approval from your current supervisor/manager to accept a Special Duty assignment. We encourage you to discuss this with your current supervisor/manager before applying) Are you ready to apply? The recruitment for this position is open to all qualified candidates. Please complete a King County application, resume, and a letter of interest. In addition to filling the current vacancy, this position may be used to fill future vacancies. (For internal use only: Solution Architect - Data -7370200)