Minneapolis Community and Technical College seeks 16 temporary, full-time Office Specialists to assist in the college's Bookstore. EMPLOYMENT CONDITIONS: 16 full-time, temporary positions Start & end dates vary between 7/25/2018 - 9/18/2018 Monday - Friday, 8:45 a.m. - 5:15 p.m. Examples of Duties: Under general supervision and procedural control, these positions provides clerical services to Minneapolis College Bookstore customers on matters relating to in-store sales and e-commerce orders. These positions also provide assistance to Bookstore staff with day to day operations during peak periods. These positions also provides services necessary to perform general office tasks in support of Bookstore operations.. Qualifications: Qualifications: Knowledge of English (speaking, writing and/or reading orally) sufficient to speak, read, understand and respond to a variety of written and spoken communications. Ability to use customer service skills in person, on the phone and online to provide effective general and specialized office support with courtesy, tact, interest in positive problem solving, empathy, and to organize ideas logically. Ability to operate modern office machines sufficient to operate a POS system and process online orders. Skilled in the use of personal computers and software such as Microsoft Office and Outlook email. Clerical ability sufficient to carry out the cashiering function and control the change and return funds. Math skills sufficient to perform simple math functions and make change at the cash register. Preferred Qualifications: One year experience in a customer service position. Understanding of point-of-sale (POS) and/or e-commerce systems. Strong documentation skills to communicate information effectively to a wide variety of clientele. Demonstrates an effort to improve cultural competence and actively takes steps to include diversity training in professional development. Knowledge of Bookstore and College policies and procedures. Physical Requirements: Ability to stand for up to 50% of the day with frequent bending, lifting, maneuvering of carts and hampers, and moving materials weighing 15 - 70 lbs. on a daily basis. Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. for stocking and performing bag-check duties at the Bookstore. Supplemental Information: OPEN UNTIL FILLED. All required materials must be submitted online. Submit your application and required supporting information to http://agency.governmentjobs.com/minneapolisedu/default.cfm SALARY: Step placement within the salary range for this position is determined on the basis of relevant experience and education and in accordance with the 2017 - 2019 AFSCME labor contract. OUR COLLEGE: Minneapolis Community and Technical College is a public two-year college located in the heart of downtown Minneapolis. The college enrolls over 12,000 credit students annually and is an active partner in initiatives designed to strengthen the social, economic and cultural vitality of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. _An equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and encourages application from underrepresented groups. A member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities_