Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Partnerships team at Facebook works with leading content creators, publishers, and businesses in entertainment, sports, news, and many other verticals. This role is a unique opportunity to work with one of the most important datasets in the world. In this role you will lead the connection of data assets across many product lines to create business analytics tools and systems to enable field organizations, analysts and clients alike. Your primary responsibility will be to partner with stakeholders across the organization unlock easier access to data – create, maintain and expand data pipelines. You will help translate business needs into requirements and identify opportunities for increased efficiency, mostly in the form of extracting, transforming, and visualizing data. You will be expected to use your expertise to provide meaningful recommendations to other analysts in areas like performance enhancements, best practices, and streamlining data sources. Your expertise will also be relied upon to contribute to a wide range of analytics products that will further multiply the scale and impact of your work. You will also support on-call shift as needed to support the team. The ideal candidate will have a passion for problem solving and a belief in the power of incremental change in a fast-paced environment. You have the ability to calmly and effectively make decisions when there is no right or wrong answer. You are the type of person who is constantly thinking about the big picture. You're a self-starter, motivated by a passion for developing the best possible solutions to problems. The role will report to the Data Infrastructure Lead and is based in Menlo Park. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop methods and tools to unlock access of data to non-technical stakeholders across the Partnerships Organization Create scripts to automate operational processes Optimize and maintain existing data pipelines, ensuring that data arrives accurately and on-time Build and ensure data tables can serve as the source of truth for various high-level priorities Work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, and make recommendations Be a representative to other data teams and educate them about the team’s latest initiatives MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years’ experience using scripting languages such as R, SAS, Python 2+ year’s of SQL (Oracle, Vertica, Hive, etc.) or relational database experience (Oracle, MySQL) creating queries 1+ years of experience working with enterprise Data Analytics tools and experience learning in-house Data Engineering tools 1+ years of experience with packages such as Tableau, SPSS, STATA, etc. Experience working independently PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 1+ years of experience with data visualization tools 1+ years of experience working with BI, Ops, or Strategy teams Experience translating non-technical use cases into technical requirements