3M is seeking an experienced Adv Scientist/Adv Engineer/System Analyst to lead the development of data analysis and reporting capabilities within the Corporate R &D; Services Center organization located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The person hired for the position of Adv Scientist/Adv Engineer/System Analyst will have primary responsibility for applying advanced analytical problem solving skills while working in projects critical to R&D; at 3M. You will lead strategic analysis and reporting activities within the Corporate R&D; Services Center organization. In this role, you will utilize your experience to support key R&D; initiatives by creating reports, dashboards, and visualizations that provide unique insights for our global research organization. You will leverage past experiences as a scientist/engineer/systems expert to apply advanced analytics tools and techniques, to utilize methodologies of process improvements, and provide actionable reports and visualizations. You will effectively utilize available information resources, systems, and software tools to complete projects with global impact and implementation. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Develop insightful Dashboards to support critical decision-making Lead analysis projects from business objectives to final implementation/deployment Apply advanced analytics capabilities to gain meaningful and actionable insights from data Be a storyteller to explain the ‘why & how’ of your data driven recommendations Build strong working relationships and communicate effectively within R&D; global organization Enable implementation, standardization and replication of work through effective documentation Have passion to advocate and educate on the value and importance of data driven decision making & visualization methodologies Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in a Science or Engineering discipline from an accredited institution. Minimum of one (1) year of combined experience in one or more of the following areas: data analytics, data visualization, statistical analysis, and/or predictive modeling Preferred Qualifications: Master’s degree or higher in Physics, Engineering, Systems, Data Analytics/Data Science or Statistics/Data Engineering Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher on a 4.0 scale SAP cross-functional process knowledge Experience with data modeling tools (e.g., SAP PA, R, Azure) Direct coding experience (e.g., R, Python, SQL, SAS) Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools (Power BI, Tableau, SAP Lumira) Advanced Excel analysis skills Project management experience Excellent oral and written communication skills. Location : Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 5% domestic Relocation: Is authorized Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws. U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens. To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s). The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.