ttec, formerly TeleTech, is seeking a Cisco UCCE Architect to join our Technology Services team. This is a telecommuting opportunity with travel requirements. Why choose ttec, formerly TeleTech, to enhance and broaden your career? We are just as passionate about providing ideal solutions to solving our client’s business problems by driving customer experience outcomes with our enhanced technical capabilities, as you are. Whether you’re the Engineer, Architect, Account Manager, Practice Leader or Sales Executive we need your talent to help us in our exciting journey to success! What you’ll be doing: As part of our Professional Services team, you will be responsible for the technical leadership, architectural design, project management, and deployment of premise and cloud Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise solutions. What you’ll bring to us: Key player in the architecture, design, and implementation of full-life cycle Cisco contact center project integrations including call center workflows Perform analysis and diagnosis of complex voice and data network issues Work and collaborate with project teams consisting of TTEC Professional Services staff, client resources, contract resources and 3rd party vendors. Provide technical thought leadership while interacting closely with the client. Provide consistent and frequent project status updates and project issues assigned to the TTEC Project Manager May be required to perform other related duties / projects as assigned. What skills you’ll need: 10+ years architecture, design, development, deployment, integration, configuration, and scripting Cisco UCCE software [ICM, CVP, IP-IVR] third party software, and integrated peripheral systems Cisco IP Dialer and Email Manager development experience H.323, SIP and/or MGCP integration experience with UCCE Solutions Multi-site configuration and hybrid of enterprise level IP and TDM environments Ability to work in a delivery support environment that involves structured processes and timelines Experience with a disciplined development methodology and release management process Telecommunications: Development & Administration skills on any major switch platform (Aspect, Avaya, Nortel) Demonstrated ability to perform complex problem isolation within Telecommunications infrastructures: FXO/FXS/PRI/T1/DS3/SS7 Circuits & Signaling Protocols, LAN/WAN Networks, Server hardware platforms, various OS Platforms, and various Database systems. Who We Are: ttec is a pioneer in customer experience, engagement and growth solutions. Our 40,000+ employees serve customers in more than 80 countries and 50 languages across social, mobile, and digital channels. We utilize a holistic approach, applying solutions from our four customer experience segments—Consulting, Technology, Care and Growth—to help companies provide an amazing experience to their customers, inspire customer loyalty, and grow their business. Our employees live by a set of customer-focused values that guide relationships with clients, their customers and each other. Our Customer Technology Services segment drives customer experience outcomes to small, medium and enterprise clients by providing best in class Cloud and Premise Contact Center and Unified Communications Solutions, and CRM, Multi- channel, Omni-channel and WFO Services. What We Offer: Variable incentive bonus plan, 401K company match, tuition reimbursement Global career mobility, employee recognition programs, professional development State of the art technology which allows for seamless global connectivity Rich wellness program and health incentives Lead Everyday w Do the Right Thing w Reach for Amazing w Seek First to Understand w Act as One w Live life Passionately LI-RD1 Notice to external Recruiters and Recruitment Agencies: TTEC (formerly TeleTech) does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this web site or directly to any employee. TTEC (formerly TeleTech), and any of our subsidiaries, will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with TTEC (formerly TeleTech). Employment Requirements: TTEC (formerly TeleTech) requires all employees hired in the United States to successfully pass a background check and depending on location and client program a drug test, as a condition of employment. TTEC (formerly TeleTech) is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. LI-RD1 Primary Location: US-TX-Austin Job: Information Technology