Role Summary: About Us: Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) is the world’s first and only fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and digital solutions. Drawing on a storied heritage of invention, BHGE harnesses the passion and experience of its people to enhance productivity across the oil and gas value chain. BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own. With operations in over 120 countries, the company’s global scale, local know- how and commitment to service infuse over a century of experience with the spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the world. Follow Baker Hughes, a GE company on Twitter @BHGECo, or visit us at BHGE.com. Role Summary: The Remote Field Operations Center is responsible for providing Logging While Drilling/Measurement While Drilling services from a remote location. Monitoring the tool output and providing customer deliverables are essential to this role. Working with field personnel to provide technical support in order to maintain service reliability. Communication between the field personnel and the office is an essential function of this role. Essential Responsibilities: Responsible for leading technical support, configuration and monitoring of real-time data from well site systems Ensure compliance with Service Level Agreements Duties include working with BHGE and customer groups to ensure service and information are fully aligned Provide service deliverables to both internal and external customers Work with well site engineers and customers in identifying and evaluating potential inefficiencies in drilling operation Effectively mentor Remote Field Operations personnel Provide high level of technical support to well site and office based customers Ability to evaluate and provide feedback Ability to recognize and improve on process inefficiencies within the group, trouble shoot systems and perform root cause analysis Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering and 3+ years of experience in oilfield operations In-depth understanding of common drilling practices across a wide range of environments Strong attention to details and confidentiality Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Ability to interact with customers at various managerial and technical levels Highly motivated, focused, hands-on, result oriented, strong drive for excellence Experience in one or more areas such as MWD/LWD, Directional Drilling, Surface Logging Advanced use of software applications including MS Office, e-mail clients, and web browsers Desired Characteristics: BHGE DG Academy / MWD / LWD Academy Locations: Houston, TX Baker Hughes, a GE company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more Locations: United States; Texas; HOUSTON GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.