Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major coursework in Business, Economics, Accounting or a related field, plus five (5) years’ experience in a utility or governmental/commercial organization consumer/customer environment, of which two (2) years were in supervisory capacity. Experience may substitute for education up to a maximum of two (2) years. Notes to Applicants A detailed, complete online City of Austin employment application is required to help us better evaluate your qualifications, and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. A cover letter and resume must be submitted, but will not substitute for a complete online City of Austin employment application. Employment history dates must include month and year. Please verify that the employment history, dates, month, and year, on your resume exactly match the online employment application. Pay Range $34.40 – $44.60 per hour Hours Monday-Friday 7:45 – 4:45 Additional hours evenings and/or weekends may be required based on business needs. Job Close Date 08/14/2018 Type of Posting External Department Development Services Dept Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location 505 Barton Springs Road, Austin, TX 78704 Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated ability to prepare business proposals to present and facilitate to internal and external stakeholders, focus groups, and other associated workshops Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Ability to develop, liaise and maintain relationships with both internal and external stakeholders and department directors and executives Ability to provide analytical thinking to resolve complex work issues Proficient in time management and organizational development Strong customer service skills Experience in a fast-paced service delivery environment Demonstrated conflict resolution skills Skilled in developing customer service training programs Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Manage and oversee the sale or request for services, inspection of service additions (drawings, maps and blueprints), proper installation of meters, or permit system fee schedule. May be responsible for managing the customer bill set up for new services to ensure accurate utility billing. Ensure compliance with the Land Development Code and Standard Specifications. Resolve customer issues with development projects and inspections. Demonstrates continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times, streamline work processes and work cooperatively and jointly to provide quality seamless customer service. Manages development of standard operating procedures which document processes and ensures adequate internal controls are included in those procedures. Investigate and provide technical and/or financial information to citizens and management. Monitor division budget expenditures. Review and approve account documentation for process of fee refunds. Develop and report performance measurements. Participate in the development and implementation of goals, objectives, policies and procedures; assist or lead projects and programs. Analyze employee and business needs and develops short and long range strategies, goals, and action plans to meet these needs. Develops, prepares, reviews, and presents technical information before the City Council, governmental and regulatory agencies, boards, and commissions, and other groups. Oversee all customer, management and city council information requests. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: Responsible for the full range of supervisory activities including selection, training, evaluation, counseling and recommendation for dismissal. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of rate structure, usage, and conservation methods in commercial, industrial and residential applications. Knowledge of procedures of building structures and plumbing systems in commercial, industrial or residential application Knowledge of alternative water sources and application Knowledge of city practice, policy and procedures. Knowledge of supervisory and managerial techniques and principles Skill in oral and written communication Skill in handling conflict and uncertain situations Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing Skill in using computers and related software Skill in data analysis and problem solving. Skill in planning and organizing. Ability to calculate involving services and rate classification for commercial, industrial or residential applications. Ability to apply code requirements Ability to read and interpret complex ordinances Ability to estimate cost projections for commercial, industrial or residential service applications Ability to work with frequent interruptions and changes in priorities. Ability to train others Ability to analyze and resolve irregular events Ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with other City employees and the public. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position does not require a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.