Description: RCG is a clearing member of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, ICE Futures US and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation that specializes in execution and clearing services of futures and options for its customers and affiliates. We are located in downtown Chicago and are a recognized innovator in trading technology that delivers cutting edge solutions to a global client base. The Data Scientist role will be responsible for process automation and business intelligence analysis within the financial information system. This individual will be able to think on their feet in a fast paced environment and have intuitive troubleshooting skills. A professional demeanor and excellent communication abilities are essential. The individual will both participate and lead projects within the department with minimal supervision. We expect the individual to be proactive, highly motivated and able to provide creative solutions for business processes and analytics. Responsibilities Process automation. Provide business intelligence. Analyze and understand business processes. Data management. Design and maintain financial information systems. Collection, storage, retrieval and utilization of data. Implement processes that improve and lead to greater data quality. Creative problem solver who thrives when presented with a challenge. Able to analyze problems and strategize for better solutions. . Requirements: Strong programming skills in R, Python and any one of the major object-oriented programming language (Java, Scala, C++, C). 3+ years’ of business, statistical or technical experience. Familiarity with relational databases and SQL is a plus. MS in Applied Statistics, Statistics, Computer Science, or advanced Math or Engineering strongly preferred. A self-motivated personality with a passion for solving complex problems. Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with keen attention to detail. Effective written and oral communication skills, with the ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.