- The future is full of possibilities. At Banner Staffing Services, we’re excited about what the future holds for health care. Our team has come together with the common goal: Make health care easier, so life can be better. If you’re ready to change lives, we want to hear from you. As the internal staffing (registry) provider for Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services (BSS) provides opportunities within one of the country’s leading health systems. The BSS team is dedicated to providing personal attention and professional support for its employees. Registry opportunities are a great way to market your skills within Banner Health. As a BSS employee, you are eligible to apply (at any time) as an internal applicant to any regular full-time or part-time opportunities within Banner Health. In addition, registry employment through BSS offers: Competitive wages Paid orientation Flexible Schedules (select positions) Fewer Shifts Cancelled Weekly pay 403(b) Pre-tax retirement plan Employee Assistance Program Employee wellness program Discount Entertainment tickets Restaurant/Shopping discounts Auto Purchase Plan BSS Registry positions do not have guaranteed hours and no medical benefits package is offered. BSS requires: Completion of post-offer Occupational Health physical assessment, drug screen and background check (includes; employment, criminal and education). - About Banner Staffing Service AZ Supporting Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services offers a world of opportunities to make an impact on one of the country's leading health systems. In addition, Staffing Services provides the best training in the business, so you can hit the ground running as you enjoy unequaled clinical variety, professional flexibility and lifestyle choices. We provide registry and travel assignments throughout the western United States. The registry allows you to create your own schedule by offering opportunities in a variety of hospital, home care and primary care settings. Banner Travel offers short- term assignments of three twelve-hour shifts per week. Our pay rates are highly competitive, and we offer training in the country's most advanced simulation center. You will also enjoy the stability only an organization as large and successful as Banner Health can offer. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position coordinates and efficiently processes inbound and outbound calls for ROI (Release of Information) within the Banner Health system (hospitals, clinics, urgent care facilities). Provides quality customer service, accurate and confidential patient information to internal and external requestors and patients. Reviews all account information to optimize collection efforts and system recording events to expedite medical record delivery and stay within HIPAA compliance; resolves issues as they arise to promote accurate and timely delivery for patient care. Responsible for accurate completion of tasks that expedite the process of releasing records and taking credit card payments to improve customer service. Essential Functions Accurately and efficiently processes a high volume of incoming, outgoing and interdepartmental calls querying about their requests for patient records. Responds to caller requests in a professional, confidential and courteous manner. Returns voicemails left by a requestor/patient in a timely manner. Follows written and computer based procedures to ensure that calls are processed according to ROI Center guidelines. Performs a variety of tasks and functions associated with the departments daily operations, including but not limited to ordering records from off-site storage and providing general release of confidential information to customers. Refers complex inquiries to the appropriate department, staff, or manager. Compile daily productivity statistics within specific timeframe as assigned by management. ROI staff must meet the minimum productivity standards of the ROI Center. Obtains and/or enters credit card information for payments for copies of medical records. Ensure security and confidentiality of payment information. Coordinates with other staff members as necessary to ensure correct processing. Conducts all work in accordance with established release of information procedures and guidelines for the assigned work location. Maintains HIPAA compliance according to state and federal guidelines in regard to patient information released. Provides excellent customer service on the phone and resolves customer complaints effectively and efficiently. Refers complex issues to leadership for resolution. As assigned, evaluates, sorts, matches and distributes all invoice statements, mail and other attachments to the appropriate service center in a timely manner. Based on area of assignment may act as a courier to other departments within the facility. As assigned, updates Request Management system with appropriate notations to reflect the activities performed: Mail Outs, Faxes, Invoices, Requester Communications, Inquiries, etc. Minimum Qualifications High school diploma/GED or equivalent working knowledge. Reading, writing and math skills. Requires work skills in telephone/customer service and/or financial transactions as normally developed over one or more years of related work experience. Position requires good organizational skills and excellent interpersonal communication skills. Accurate and efficient keyboarding skills, and the ability to work effectively with common office software are required. Ability to work in a team environment. Basic knowledge of Microsoft and ability to navigate between applications. Preferred Qualifications Release of information experience in a hospital or clinic setting.Previous medical, financial services and/or customer service work experience preferred. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.