3M is seeking a disciplined and innovative Software Research Engineer to join the Software Research Lab in 3M's Corporate Research Systems Lab (CRSL) located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The person hired for the position of Software Research Engineer will collaborate and innovate with all of 3M's businesses and divisions. CRSL is a collaborative environment with cross-functional teams responsible for designing and developing digital technologies from the hardware and electronics, to the algorithms and analytics, and the application software layer. A successful candidate will work side-by-side with scientists and engineers in broad disciplines from electronic, mechanics, software, artificial intelligence and advanced analytics. The ideal candidate will have exceptional technical expertise and fearless creativity, be curious by nature, have a passion for learning and be comfortable in the ambiguous early-stages of technology development. They will work at all levels of the software stack, from device drivers to operating systems, core libraries to user interfaces. In return, they will work with an exceptional team to solve hard problems and learn new skills. 3M's mission is to solve the unsolved, innovatively. As a 3Mer, you will be applying your skills and knowledge to bring “science and innovation to life” in diverse markets that include healthcare, energy, infrastructure, transportation, and consumer. Our teams are working on some of the world’s toughest problems from preventing infections in healthcare, to readying the world for autonomous transportation. 3Mer's are inventors at heart. This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Analyze, design, develop and debug software solutions delivering advanced prototypes and user experiences Learn constantly, dive into new areas with unfamiliar technologies, and embrace the ambiguity of research problem solving Collaborate in a team environment across multiple scientific and engineering disciplines, making the architectural tradeoffs required to rapidly deliver software solutions Develop software for a variety of devices, for example: novel sensing systems, tracking systems, imaging systems and haptic devices Write clean readable code, debug complex problems that span systems, prioritize ruthlessly and get things done with a high level of efficiency Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited university Or High School Diploma/GED or higher and a minimum five (5) years of software development experience Preferred Qualifications: Minimum three (3) years of programming experience in Java, or C++ Ability to work with many languages including NodeJS, Python, Angular and others Experience working in a cross-functional software development environment that includes hardware and software integration Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early-stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities and the flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available Self-motivated and self-directed Knowledge of distributed systems, test driven development, SQL and NoSQL databases, and performance optimization tools Experience with computer vision, image processing, or 3D data processing would be a huge plus Expertise in various device-to-cloud and cloud-to-device communication mechanisms and protocols Experience with Big Data and Machine Learning Experience following disciplined development practices Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns Excellent communication skills (written example required) Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation: Is authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status). This posting is for a Software Research Engineer position at 3M Maplewood. 3M anticipates that multiple openings for this position will occur over time, during the next year. Qualified applicants will be considered as Software Research Engineer openings occur at 3M Maplewood, and 3M will accept applications for up to 1 year from the posting date of this requisition. Applications will be kept open and active until 4/20/2019. After that, the posting will be taken down and applicants will need to apply/re-apply for available open postings at that time. 3M&DICE;