Purpose As part of a collaborative team, develop and facilitate professional learning that builds instructional leadership capacity-particularly in mathematics-in schools, districts, and states. The ultimate aim of this work is to increase equity in education systems. Essential Functions Collaborate to plan and facilitate professional learning and technical assistance for K12 education leaders and administrators to support the mathematics achievement of all students and to create conditions for ongoing teacher professional learning and continuous improvement. Use a wide range of facilitation and collaboration strategies, including in-person and virtual delivery. Work with Dana Center staff as well as a national network of external partners, including leaders at the school, district, and state level. Together, design, plan, and develop products, tools, and resources to meet the needs of clients in the areas of K12 educational leadership, standards-based mathematics curriculum and mathematics instruction, and policy implementation. Refine tools and resources to advance evidence-based practice. Contribute a deep knowledge of mathematics content, college and career readiness standards, student learning trajectories, and a range of strategies to facilitate adult learning while participating in planning and design meetings, information- sharing sessions, and reflections to support a culture of continuous learning within the Center and with its partners. Bring and continue to develop working knowledge of current education research and emerging policies, practices, and programs-communicate the implications of that research for Dana Center services and district decisions-and offer suggestions for revisions to tools or areas for new development to be responsive to the dynamic education landscape. Support the Center's work by disseminating information and communicating with current and potential clients, through attending and presenting at conferences and-or attending meetings as an ambassador of the Dana Center. Contribute to development of marketing and informational publications. Manage logistics, budgets, and timelines as assigned to accomplish goals of projects and programs. Contribute to the development of grant proposals, help generate partnership leads, assume responsibility for stewardship and management of partner relationships, and serve as project lead on funded projects. Perform related functions as assigned. Participate in processes and activities designed to establish an organizational culture that supports learning, collaboration, and collective responsibility in order to enhance professional relationships, job satisfaction, and organizational effectiveness. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Regular travel, including air travel and driving personal or rental vehicle is required. Licenses: Class "C" Operator's Driver's License. Applicant selected must provide a current three year Driving Record from the current state of residence. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver's License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree, teaching certification, and ten years of combined experience in K-12 classroom teaching, campus or district level program administration, and design and delivery of professional learning and technical assistance or support for teachers. Demonstrated knowledge of state and national mathematics standards and adult learning techniques. Experience managing a program or project in a diverse K-12 campus or district. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in writing and orally with diverse groups. Demonstrated ability to work as a team member, independently, and with overlapping projects. Ability to work as a member of a collaborative team with strong interpersonal skills and professionalism. Facility with Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in Education and fifteen years of combined experience in K-12 classroom teaching, campus and-or district level program administration-with at least five years at the program administration level. Experience designing and delivering professional learning or technical assistance-support for teachers and leaders in leadership and mathematics education. Facility using web conferencing services. Experience in leading a successful K-12 school reform effort. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Ability to travel including air travel and driving personal or rental vehicle is required. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus