Our work at NVIDIA is dedicated towards a computing model focused on visual and AI computing. For two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics, with our invention of the GPU. The GPU has also proven to be unbelievably effective at solving some of the most complex problems in computer science. Today, NVIDIA’s GPU simulates human intelligence, running deep learning algorithms and acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Artificial intelligence is no longer science fiction. And in the next few years, it will transform every industry. We are now looking for a Stock Plan Administrator based out of our Santa Clara office and reporting to the Global Stock Administration Director in the Legal Department. What you'll be doing: Maintain and ensure integrity of the equity database including the process and reconciliation of grants, exercises, new hires and terminations/cancellations. You will coordinate ESPP enrollment for the global population, collaborating with HR & Finance partners on a regular basis. Generate regular and ad-hoc reports for Payroll, HR, Financial Reporting, Legal, Tax, and Accounting including Section 16 transactions and SOX 404 documentation. Serve as liaison with external plan administrator, brokerage firms, and employees. You will perform data base audits and reconciliations as well as assist with internal and external audit processes. Respond to and resolve simple to complex issues related to equity programs as well as international tax and securities research and compliance. You will provide support for other departmental activities or special projects as needed. What we need to see: Minimum 5+ years of experience in Stock Administration and/or Accounting. Finance/Accounting degree or CEP (level 1 or above) preferred. Strong attention to detail with excellent follow-up skills. Ability to work and think independently. Commitment and dedication to provide excellent customer service. Proficiency with MS Office applications, especially Excel and Word. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Solid business judgment with ability to think strategically and plan effectively; be hands on, accurate, with attention to details and results oriented. Do you love working in a rapidly changing environment? International experience Do you have strong communication skills and team work spirit? Are you comfortable speaking to an audience? NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.