Role Summary: The Manager – Data & Analytics will function as a leader in managing both the pipeline of new concepts and the tactical execution of life cycle cost analytics projects. The Manager – Data & Analytics is charged with executing the established data analytics strategy to drive life cycle cost improvements for MSA accounts. This role will require collaboration with GE Digital, GE Global Research and the Life Cycle Cost Team. Essential Responsibilities: Program management of leap analytics projects, focused on delivering the biggest value in growth and cost Coordinate with cross functional teams to create use cases to fill product backlog Prioritize program work based on business priority & resource availability Introduce process rigor around data science projects, recognizing when to pivot or stop quickly Create product roadmap, complete with features and user stories for the data engineering & visualization teams to deliver Be responsible for investigating potential analytics value by methods that may include data mining and data analysis Demonstrate the ability to quickly, effectively, and accurately determine analytics project benefits Build a deep domain expertise of GE and GE Transportation’s technical capabilities Monitor and communicate project status, business issues, and significant developments Communicate process to all levels of the organization Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Statistics OR in "STEM" Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) Minimum of 3 years of experience working with Data Management, Business Intelligence, or Data Analytics Minimum 7 years of functional experience with some/any of the following functions such as finance, risk, services operations, field service, commercial, marketing, and product management GB/BB certified - Able to use tools (analytics, CAP, Six Sigma) and techniques to drive change Strong program / project management skill Willingness to travel up to 20% of the time Desired Characteristics: Ability to manage large programs with a variety of project work, with demonstrated ability to switch gears quickly Big data program management, including projects involving data science Experience with Agile methodologies Experience using SQL, R, Python, SAS Demonstrate analysis and problem solving skills Solid project management skills and ability to monitor and communicate project status, business issues, and significant developments Demonstrated ability to drive projects to completion Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills About Us: At GE Transportation, we move the world. We are a global digital industrial leader and supplier to the rail, mining, marine, stationary power and drilling industries. Our solutions help customers deliver goods and services with greater speed and greater savings using our advanced manufacturing techniques, industry expertise and connected machines. Established more than a century ago, GE Transportation is a division of GE that began as a pioneer in passenger and freight locomotives. That innovative spirit still drives GE Transportation today. It's the engine of change that puts us at the forefront of transportation technology, software, and analytics. And it's why we continue to find-and realize-the potential that keeps our connected world moving forward. The GE Transportation Global Headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois. There are over 65 service sites worldwide. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Illinois; Chicago GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.