Programme Delivery Director - Overview Centrica is re-imagining the energy experience, using technology to innovate and improve the products and services our customers rely on. Ours is a world of data lakes, machine learning, AI and blockchain. This is a place where UX Designers and Data Scientists rub shoulders with Scrum Managers and Software Developers. Technology and innovation underpin everything we do, driving our business forward. Welcome to a world of opportunity. We have an exciting opportunity for a Programme Delivery Director to help shape and deliver a 3-year transformation and change plan. Key to this role is ensuring that delivery is aligned to the roadmap and strategic objectives The Role In this highly visible role you will have a breadth of responsibilities but primary among these are: Lead and manage team and individual performance; applying Centrica values and code in all activities. Sourcing and resource management to provide a skilled, flexible and responsive change delivery service to Centrica. Ownership of the Group Functions portfolio/programme budget and scope; with accountability for the delivery of planned business outcomes/benefits to quality, time and cost. Deliver the Group Functions DTS change portfolio in accordance with quality standards, agreed change methodology, and Portfolio Governance standards. Run effective programme governance; managing risks, issues and dependencies. Drive decision making, identifying and removing obstacles to progress, resolving any conflicting stakeholder issues, supported by comprehensive reporting. Manage the delivery and relationships with internal functions (e.g. S&A;, Development and Service Management) and the contractual relationship with third party suppliers. Undertake structured Delivery and Quality Assurance/Health check reviews of programmes and projects as required. Part of a Centre of Expertise that develops Business-Directorate aligned capabilities, creating deep business-area partnerships and drive Agile at scale transformation of Centrica. Continuous improvement of capability and methods to underpin DTS Transformation; in collaboration with directorate peers, S&A;, Business Partners, Delivery teams and I&O; Service Management. The Person Commercial Know-How: Managing for value; understand the external market place; understanding Centrica; understanding our Customers; strategic thinking and decision making. Building Great Relationships: impact and influencing skills; confidence and creditability; effective networking; partnering. Making Change Happen: stakeholder management; effective decision making; change management; communication. Resource Management of Permanent staff, Contingent labour and 3rd party Vendors. Successful Project and Programme management in complex and mission critical environments. Can demonstrate delivery of programmes and projects to quality, time and cost. Portfolio prioritisation, planning and reporting. Financial management and forecasting. Development of compelling business cases and benefits realisation. Leadership and people development. Proven experience to motivate, develop, coach and inspire a diverse team to deliver. Leadership experience with proven gravitas to represent and direct the programme and explain its purpose, the ability to influence a diverse stakeholder base – comfortable handling objections and negotiating a way forward. Valued by senior business sponsor and respected by peers. Strategic thinking and can demonstrate the ability to understand esoteric concepts and translate them into pragmatic workable programme deliverables. Dealing with ambiguity and leading others through a changing programme landscape with shifting priorities, while maintaining a clear focus on priority issues. First class relationship building skills with the ability to broker relationships with stakeholders within and outside the programme. High levels of personal commitment, leadership and throughout the Programme acting as a ‘champion’, pro-active and tenacious in ensuring critical issues are resolved in a timely and correct manner. PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ' Apply ' button. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the ‘Apply’ button. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required.