Overview: As a Data Analyst with RealPage’s Product Operations team you will be part of a dynamic team that partners with Product leaders as an internal consultant in the execution of strategic initiatives. The Data Analyst will assist in developing / managing strategic roadmaps, mapping product capabilities and their alignment to strategic initiatives, developing executive presentations and reports focused on initiative delivery, business / product KPIs, SLA and financial performance, as well as assist in the creation of product focused technology strategies. The ideal candidate will have external or internal consulting experience, possess dynamic presentation skills, be goal oriented, self-motivated and able to speak to all levels of the organization. Responsibilities Provides basic consulting services and performs research, information gathering, analysis and documentation and applies appropriate methodology with a moderate level of guidance and direction where appropriate. Identifies partner needs by synthesizing information through research, working session outputs, partner interviews, etc. Understanding the implication of partner needs and provides recommendations based on this understanding. Building and maintaining relationships with product leaders to accomplish assigned tasks. Clearly and effectively communicating ideas and information to others. Understanding the importance of visibility and networking. Continuously building upon existing understanding and knowledge of the organization and consulting skills. Helps design information gathering questions, conducts interviews, focus groups and workshops with supervision where appropriate. May facilitate these sessions, usually under the support and guidance of more experienced team members. Knowledge/Skills Candidate expectations include intermediate knowledge/skills in the following competencies: business acumen, developing executive level communications, facilitation, influencing, problem solving, project management, strategic thinking and strategy development. Required Qualifications 3-5 years as an Analyst and/or consulting experience required. Bachelor's degree or higher in an IT, Business or equivalent work experience required. Strong oral and written communication and influencing skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills Ability to build relationships, create organizational credibility, and demonstrate a high degree of business acumen