Position Overview The Data Architect (Data Base Administrator) provides industry expertise in the planning, designing, development and maintenance of enterprise data solutions and line of business systems (future and current). The Data Architect will ensure security and integrity is maintained for all Treasurer data and data environments including business continuity and disaster recovery. Position Qualifications _Minimum education and/or experience:_ Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field and seven (7) years of professional-level database administration experience. An equivalent combination of post-secondary education and/or experience may substitute for the minimum requirements on a year for year basis. _Knowledge, skills, and abilities:_ _Knowledge of:_ Commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within the database design and database management field including testing and deployment Creating and supporting SSRS reports and SSIS packages Administering Microsoft SQL Multi-Server environments and SQL clusters Data Warehousing, repositories, replication and Business Intelligence _Skill in:_ Excellent oral and written communication. Effectively interacting with internal and external customers and department staff. Excellent analytical, decision-making, and problem-solving _Ability to:_ Perform work in a team environment, direct and act as a resource for fellow team members and relay necessary information as appropriate. Manage multiple priorities with deadlines Work under pressure and meet deadlines Review other's work for accuracy _Preferred education and/or experience:_ Experience administering MS SQL environments, ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and the architecting of strategic, scalable Business Intelligence and data warehousing solutions. _Preferred training, certifications and/or other special requirements:_ With data migrations and conversions between different database management systems and application platforms. Experience with the following technologies: SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SSIS and SSRS; Oracle Rdb Server, Oracle SQL/Services _Working conditions:_ Indoors, bright lighting, cubical office environment. Essential Job Tasks Maintains the Treasurer's databases and reporting environments in the Oracle and SQL Server platforms. Including the management of backup procedures and offsite data media storage, monitoring of database processes, performing of periodic maintenance and database performance tuning tasks, and deployment of data and metadata changes. Establishes and maintains sound backup and recovery policies and procedures for all Treasurer's data environments. Implements operational process automation and monitoring utilizing tools such as SSIS, .NET and other tools as appropriate. Designs and maintains the reporting environments for Oracle and MS SQL (SSRS). Designs, implements, and maintains the appropriate database security policies in all Treasurer data environments. Elicits and analyzes data requirements of relevant application and project work by participating in design sessions with stakeholders, project managers, business analysts and team members. Collaborates with various teams to provide technology leadership in the architecture and design of complex solutions, ensuring application of IT architecture standards and observance of industry best practices. Designs and creates database structures (i.e. tables, indexes, constraints, views stored procedures) to support and meet application and project data requirements. Maintains data models and dictionaries of all Treasurer's production databases. Acquires and maintains understanding of the Treasurer's Office business processes and applications including their effect on data and reporting. Defines and maintains practices in compliance with the employer's best practices, policies and procedures. Designs, develops, and implements data conversion and data migration processes. Works as part of a team and provide 7 x 24 support when required. Selection Procedure The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.