Control-Tec, an Aptiv Automotive company, is a global provider of telematics and analytics solutions serving the transportation industry in the Light-duty, Heavy-duty, Recreational, Agriculture, Locomotive, and Industrial sectors. The CT® solution combines comprehensive data acquisition methods with a powerful edge and cloud computing architecture resulting in an enterprise-class solution for fleet management, product development, connected vehicle and data exchange applications. Control-Tec’s Qualifier platform enables automotive OEMs to possess the speed, flexibility, reliability, cost savings and collaboration needed to successfully develop today’s software centric machines. Since 2009, Control- Tec has supported the development of data solutions that enable robust design, development and validation for powertrain, vehicle, and electrical system domains. This unmatched expertise of both vehicle systems and data analytics uniquely positions Control-Tec to offer our clients the ability to avoid warranty cost, improve product quality, enhance customer experience and optimize an increasingly connected portfolio. Position Summary: CONTROLTEC is seeking a hardworking, knowledgeable and detail oriented Systems Administrator. The successful candidate will be team-oriented, should interact well with clients and high levels of the organization, and is able to take a project from inception to completion with moderate direction. Positive attitude is essential. Job Responsibilities Responsible for the daily administration of Linux environment(s) and related servers. Responsible for providing application and server support with one of our large clients. Help maintain and execute disaster recovery plans. Install, test and administer enhancements to new and existing servers. Run daily health checks to ensure seamless operation and to ensure 100% uptime. Ensure data recoverability by conducting a schedule of system/disaster recovery scenarios. Configure backups and verify they are completing successfully. Coordinate updates internally with product development teams. Work to ensure application performance consistency. Provide international clients with application support. Troubleshoot both internal & client tickets. Minimum Requirements 1-2 years of System Administration experience, in a Linux environment. 1-2 years experience with server hardware & networking. Knowledge of installation, upgrades and troubleshooting a Linux system. Strong technical aptitude and ability to research and solve complex issues independently. Ability to effectively communicate issues and resolutions to all levels of the organization and client base. Ability to communicate clearly with both technical and non-technical users. Desired Skills and Qualifications Familiarity with Ubuntu or other Debian based distributions. BASH scripting experience a plus. DBA experience a plus. Python scripting experience a plus. Network/Security experience a plus Education 4-year degree in IT, MIS, Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent work experience Benefits/Perks: CONTROLTEC offers a comprehensive and industry leading benefits package. In addition we provide flexible work schedules, generous time off and an environment that promotes ingenuity and fun! To learn more about our company, our progressive culture and to apply online, visit our website at www.control- tec.com