Job Description Position Overview/Description: Ford is looking for a Cyber Security Policy Analyst to develop information security policies that define high-level principles around the creation and usage of information technology and the security of Company information. This individual will work collaboratively with IT Engineering and Operation teams to create and revise information security standards, procedures, and processes that support the protection of information. This position is a fast paced, highly visible position which deals with ALL levels in the enterprise. It is global in nature and requires a person to be adaptable to various scenarios and have a risk based mindset to apply the intent of policy. Responsibilities: Partner with business (such as OGC and HR) and technical matter experts to clarify changes to the Information Security Policy. Own and administer the Information Security Policy (ISP) release process, including coordination of change request review and evaluation, develop policy language for publication, obtaining required levels of review/approval, change release to production. Develop required training and awareness material for policy release activities Provide consultation and direction to IT and business organizations by responding to queries Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree 5+ years IT experience 3+ years of IS Policy creation/update experience 2+ years of experience with cyber security practices and risk management principles Preferred Qualifications: Understanding the role information security plays within a global organization Knowledge of policy and how it governs standards, procedures, and guidelines Broad, general knowledge of Ford IT environment and Ford IT organizational structure Basic understanding of information systems and the information life cycle and associated key security challenges General awareness and understanding of regulatory compliance requirements (SoX, HIPAA, PCI, etc) Ability to think systematically in the application of policy to real world situations Strong communication and writing skills, demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and concisely Strong interpersonal skills, professionalism and poise to interact with all personnel levels Ability to lead and manage work of small cross-functional teams, organization of work, delegation, status reporting and time management The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, you discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.