Prepares finished product for shipment or storage by placing them in shipping containers, the specific operations performed being dependent upon the type, size and number of units to be packed, the type of container employed, and method of shipment. Work requires the placing of items in shipping containers and may involve one or more of the following: Knowledge of various items of stock in order to verify content; selection of appropriate type and size of container; inserting enclosures in container; using excelsior or other material to prevent breakage or damage; closing and sealing container; and applying labels or entering identifying data on container. Performs range of supply duties to include but not limited to, receiving, material handling, warehousing, and issue of all types of repair parts and materials. Essential Responsibilities: 1\. Receives materials and performs receiving inspection in accordance with documented procedures. 2\. Stores all materials in accordance with master storage matrix, and ensures that care of supplies in storage procedures are followed. Responsible to check stocks for damage or expiration in accordance with generally accepted shelf life management procedures. 3\. Performs required material handling activities while ensuring safe and proper movement of materials to appropriate storage and/or issue points. 4\. Processes all transactions in applicable inventory management system. May be required to use ULLS-G or other Government furnished Standard Army Material Management Information Systems in accordance with task order requirements. 5\. Prepares materials for shipment as required following appropriate packaging and preservation procedures. 6\. Receives materials and performs receiving inspection in accordance with documented procedures. 7\. Stores all materials in accordance with master storage matrix, and ensures that care of supplies in storage procedures are followed. Responsible to check stocks for damage or expiration in accordance with generally accepted shelf life management procedures. 8\. Performs required material handling activities while ensuring safe and proper movement of materials to appropriate storage and/or issue points. 9\. Processes all transactions in applicable inventory management system. May be required to use ULLS-G or other Government furnished Standard Army Material Management Information Systems in accordance with task order requirements. 10\. Prepares materials for shipment as required following appropriate packaging and preservation procedures. Perform all other position related duties as assigned or requested. Work Environment, Physical Demands, and Mental Demands: Shop environment in which mechanic equipment is operated, is loud and noisy, and some pieces of equipment have exposed moving components, routing lifting up to 45 pounds, regular handling, grasping, kneeling and carrying, and constant use of vision and mental alertness is required. Position may require the ability to pass and maintain a Security Clearance. Position may require travel. Other Responsibilities: Safety - AECOM enforces a safety culture whereby all employees have the responsibility for continuously developing and maintaining a safe work environment. As appropriate, each employee is responsible for completing all training requirements and fulfilling all self-aid/buddy aid responsibilities, participating in emergency response tasks and serving on safety committees and teams. Quality - Quality is the foundation for the management of our business and the keystone to our goal of customer satisfaction. It is our policy to consistently provide services that meet customer expectations. Accordingly, each employee must conform to the AECOM Quality Policy and carry out job activities in compliance with applicable AECOM Quality System documents and customer contracts. Each employee must read and understand his/her Quality Management and Customer Satisfaction responsibilities. Procedure Compliance - Each employee must read, understand and implement the general and specific operational, safety, quality and environmental requirements of all plans, procedures and policies pertaining to his/her job. Minimum Requirements High school diploma or GED required. Minimum three months general work experience which will demonstrate ability to perform requirements of position. No specific work experience required. May substitute experience for education at the rate of one year of general experience for one year of high school. Possess a valid driver's license and be able to obtain a government driving permit. Position may require travel. Position may require the ability to pass and maintain a Security Clearance. Must be a U.S. citizen. Must be able to speak, read and write English. Must pass a pre-employment drug screen and a government background check. Must be able to obtain and maintain a Common Access Card (CAC) or rapid gate. Preferred Qualifications N/A What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster.