Corteva Agriscience™, Agriculture Division of DowDuPont™ is aggressively building data and analytics capabilities to deliver improved products and services to our customers. We are seeking a proven Business Intelligence Analyst to unleash the value of data in ways that create value for our customers, employees and broader stakeholder communities. Utilize your effective communication skills in this role to collaborate with top business, science and technology experts as well as 3rd party providers to create best practices and identify innovative strategies for delivering internal and external data to decision-makers across the globe. We are searching for a creative problem solver who possesses the knowledge to understand complex data and relationships and the ability to work with large data sets and Big Data. Come join our Information Technology organization in this exciting and challenging opportunity. BI Solution Analysts have a strategic focus on the Business and how data and data platforms can be leveraged to enable better decision making within the Business. They are aligned to specific business process areas where they possess deep expertise of the data environment. They work with IT Business Partner stakeholders and BI Solution developers to design data solutions. What do we expect from you? Responsibilities Collaborate with IT Business Partners and Business Stakeholders within specific function to identify opportunities to leverage company data and data platforms and enable better business decision-making Generate data solution requirements to satisfy business needs Partner with IT Business Partners and Business stakeholders to estimate benefits of data solution and build business case for data solution Stay informed of data sources that can be leveraged within company Partner with data management team to ensure quality of data, as needed Collaborate with BI Solution Developers to communicate business and functional requirements Create and deliver trainings on data dashboards and reports Stay updated on developments in the field of advanced data analytics Drive adoption of industry best practices and tools for advanced data analytics Technical Competencies Knowledge of data platforms and tools High quality analytical skills Experience in delivering business intelligence solutions through BI toolsets Extensive experience of data warehouse, BI reporting, analytics and dashboards Extensive experience of SAP BI/BW Understanding of the key data and BI architectures Proven track record in designing, developing and implementing SAP BI solutions Strong understanding of principles of data modelling and solutions architecture Leadership Competencies Work with cross-functional global teams Partner with externally-contracted vendor resources Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong communicator (verbal and written); ability to talk to different disciplines of stakeholders at all levels of the organization Proven ability to lead and work with multi-cultural project teams and facilitating of workshops Highly adaptable, strong prioritization and ability to work well under pressure meet deadlines Influencing and negotiation skills and ability to work with wide range of stakeholders Job Qualifications What do we need from you? 7+ years’ data and analytics experience working with complex data and large data Bachelor’s degree in information technology Master’s preferred High quality analytical skills Thorough understanding of one or more key functional areas Proven track record in delivering BI projects through all phases (requirements gathering, data/process modelling, design through testing, training, deployment and support) SAP Business Warehouse Reporting, Business Objects, or Tableau experience is an advantage What you can expect from us: Join a company that offers more than just the latest in technology and innovation. Join a company that cares about your well-being and your future. At DuPont, our employees enjoy a work-life balance with generous vacation, paid time off, holidays, leave (family, maternity, paternity, sickness and more). We offer a retirement savings plan with both matching and automatic company contributions and medical, drug, dental, vision, HSA, FSA, Disability Employee Assistance with dependent coverage as well. Don’t forget to take advantage of our Tuition Reimbursement Program and memberships to online communities for professional growth and development (free access to all material on Lynda.com, CEB, and more!). Thrive in a global company where the opportunities are endless and where your contributions make a difference. We are excited to announce that Corteva Agriscience™ is the name of the new Agriculture Division of DowDuPont™. We are bringing together DuPont Crop Protection, DuPont Pioneer and DowAgroSciences to create a market-shaping, standalone agriculture company with leading positions in seed technologies, crop protection and digital agriculture. We will work across the global agriculture value chain to create a more efficient food system. At Corteva Agriscience™, we seek to enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume. This means we will help rejuvenate the agricultural ecosystem to support people and the planet and to ensure progress for generations to come. About DowDuPont DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Dow Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please visit us at www.dow-dupont.com. The positions represented by this job posting are aligned to one of the three divisions, Agriculture, Materials Science or Specialty Products, which are expected to separate from DowDuPont into stand-alone public companies. Information on the division alignment will be provided during the recruitment process.