To provide expert level IT technical lead services, including the direction, evaluation, selection, configuration, implementation, and integration of new and existing technologies and tools, using DevOps philosophies, practices, and tools. This role will be part of the Client experience (CX) pillar, one of the six strategic pillars that Vanguard is focused on. The key theme of our flywheel to create a world-class client experience. CX will focus on driving value in four key areas: improving client experience; driving investor outcomes; developing a new, collaborative way of working; and driving efficiency throughout the company by reducing the difficulties and challenges clients experience as they do business with us. “Digital labs " have been created to address the client experience in areas including asset transfers, the brokerage trading platform, open account and the movement of money from one business segment to another. More labs are being built over time. This role will be part of the CX Solutions & Engineering (CX S&E) team that will be supporting the “Digital Labs” or “Journey Labs”. As a Full Stack Technical Lead on Vanguard’ on the CX S & E team, you will be responsible for addressing technical issues that are common across the CX lab teams, ensuring solutions are implemented in a fashion that, in the spirit of DevOps, optimize for efficiency across the entire software delivery value stream. The team will operate with enhanced speed and agility to deliver meaningful customer experiences in a rapid build-measure-learn manner. Duties and Responsibilities: 1\. Provides expert level IT technical lead services and direction for critical software, middleware, and/or hardware projects (e.g., applications, networks, communications, and client server technologies) on multiple platforms. Provides technical expertise in systems, technical infrastructure, tools, modeling, external interfaces, and other technical areas. Completes complex development, design, implementation, architecture design specification, and maintenance activities. 2\. Ensures the viability of IT deliverables. Recommends development options, including design, build/buy, and vendor purchase. Approves the team's technical deliverables. Conducts testing, including functionality, technical limitations, and security. 3\. Identifies potential solutions, including the cost/benefit of each option. Approves technical solutions proposed by team members. Elevates complex technical issues to IT experts, including architects and vendors. Resolves technical problems discovered by testers and internal clients. Responds to and resolves technical issues in a timely manner. Researches issues and performs root cause analysis. 4\. Communicates with project manager on a frequent basis. Identifies tasks and issues that may have an impact on service levels or schedules. Provides realistic task and cost estimates. Screens resumes of team members, interviews, makes hiring and assignment recommendations, and writes reviews. 5\. Maintains a current and working knowledge of IT development methodology, architecture design, and technical standards. Mentors IT staff and identifies training needs. As new standards are instituted, ensures their usage by team members. A Technical Lead II should be able to perform as a Developer III. 6\. Communicates with other technical leads, IT groups, and clients so they understand the project's technical implications, dependencies, and potential conflicts. Evaluates the impacts of change requests on own/shared technologies and effectively persuades and influences others on ideas. 7\. Reviews and approves documentation and diagrams created by IT team members (e.g., system specifications). Writes documentation, including technical standards and processes. 8\. Identifies opportunities for continuous quality improvement of technical standards, methodologies, and technologies. 9\. Participates in design, code, and test inspections throughout product life cycle to identify issues. Participates as a technical consultant at other project meetings. Presents technical status and issues at milestone reviews. 10\. For teams without a BSA, performs this staff member's duties, including interviewing business liaisons to diagram process flows and to write functional requirements. In the absence of the project manager, performs this staff member's duties, including coordinating daily systems analysis and development activities. 11\. Thoroughly understands and complies with IT policies and procedures, especially those for quality and productivity standards that enable the team to meet established client service levels. Thoroughly understands and complies with Information Security policies and procedures, and verifies deliverables meet Information Security requirements. 12\. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications: 1\. Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience 2\. Eight years experience in technical specialty. For development technical leads, includes three years' developer experience. 3\. Strong, demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills 4\. Broad knowledge of the financial services industry 5\. Expert knowledge of the following technical lead practices and concepts: Full product life cycle IT vendor product assessment Architecture design Wide range of technologies within technical specialty - from state of the art to legacy systems Performance and stress testing Security Quality assurance methodology and Inspections Technical standards and deliverables Migration and integration Estimating, including design, development/purchase, and installation For development only: Production acceptance (including elevations), data modeling, data sharing, reusable components, and related advanced development practices 6\. Expert knowledge of one or more IT platforms. See Comments section for the requirements for this posting 7\. For development only: Expert knowledge of one or more development tools and programming languages: See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. 8\. Strong written and oral communication skills, preferred 9\. For development only: Expert knowledge of one or more testing tools, performance tools, and scripting languages, preferred: See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. Special Factors: 1\. Weekday coverage: Regularly scheduled 5-day week, Mon. - Fri., normal business hours. 2\. Remote and off hours support: See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. 3\. On call: See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. 4\. Travel: For Charlotte, NC-based staff, limited travel to Valley Forge, PA is required for new employee orientation, project kickoff meetings, and training. Scope: 1\. Works on multiple, medium size projects or one large project with timelines of 6 - 15 months 2\. Works on dissimilar technologies (e.g., applications), for multiple platforms and business areas, for critical systems with the largest numbers of interfaces and users Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.