Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next- generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role We are looking for a Accounts Payable Specialist to join our fast-paced, high performing team in Sunnyvale, CA. This individual will be an integral part of the accounts payable team. This role will report to the AP Manager. This is a great opportunity that will allow for career growth as the Company continues to expand! Your day-to-day Responsibilities include: Process invoices, wire payments, and check requests received in the A/P department. Review invoices for appropriate documentation and approval prior to processing. Assist AP Manager with maintaining accounts payable reports, spreadsheets and corporate accounts payable files. Review and audit worldwide expense reports in Concur to ensure it is within company policy. Communicate with department leaders and administrators regularly to resolve outstanding invoices. Provide analysis and/or supporting documentation upon request. Assist with quarterly financial reporting and year-end annual audit. Ability to process international transactions in GP accounting software with exchange rates. Ability to work long hours as needed What you bring to the team Qualifications Must be a team player Can do attitude and work with sense of urgency 3+ years of experience in Accounts Payable, general ledger transactions. GP Dynamics (Great Plains) and Concur experience, a plus. Excellent communication skills. Ability to demonstrate strong organizational skills and attention to detail. Ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Ability to take ownership of your workload and prioritize to meet deadlines. Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-JR1