Los Gatos, California Global Product Creative Netflix reaches a global audience made up of fans who speak many languages and love entertainment that comes from many places outside of Hollywood. Our Editorial Creative team strives to bring regional, multilingual content expertise to every one of those members' screens. To do that, we’re seeking a manager to lead a team of specialized writers and editors who focus on international titles in a high-volume, high-quality, deadline-driven environment. Through deep engagement with the global entertainment landscape and firm grasp of the nuances of crafting English copy for global audiences, this position will be instrumental in shaping the tone of our copy for members around the world. This role is all about helping fans find titles and helping titles find new fans. We want to create specific regional experiences and we want to help regional content travel to new fans by describing it in a knowledgeable, engaging way. The ideal candidate is an excellent writer and editor who has worked in an editorial leadership capacity at a global organization. Your team writes in English, but you’ll collaborate deeply with globalization and regional teams in our global offices who translate and transcreate those words so they resonate with local audiences. You’re undaunted by complex international campaigns, comfortable navigating digital publishing tools and adept in bringing a global perspective to every conversation about copy. You have experience working in short-form copy as a writer and/or editor, and you can articulate the rationale behind word choices to non-writers and non-native English speakers. You won’t be fazed by learning multiple management tools to achieve daily goals, and you are eager to dig into usage data to surface new opportunities for more impactful, meaningful copy. If you’re excited by contributing to a team of content experts who thrive on candid feedback and drive a global conversation about entertainment, this may be your dream job. This is a full-time role based in Los Gatos, CA. What you’ll do: Manage writers and editors who think globally Your team may write in English, but they speak multiple languages and cover content from around the world. You’ll need to understand the cultural perspective and expertise they bring to the team as well as collaborate with linguists and globalization experts who bring that copy to local audiences. Your team is widely dispersed - from Tokyo to New York - so you’ll have to coordinate group communication and have frequent check-ins to support their work. Evolve our workflow You’ll spearhead process and tool updates to increase efficiency and strengthen communication and collaboration with content, metadata and globalization teams. Manage writing projects You’ll occasionally tackle big writing projects to support innovation initiatives and copy tests. Represent the team in cross-functional forums You’ll engage with and represent the Product Writing team in meetings with cross-functional partners, including globalization, engineering and content-focused teams. Things you’ll need: Experience writing or editing in English and a track record of close collaboration or leadership with translators and linguists Strong written and verbal communication skills 5+ years of management experience Eagerness to embrace a culture of candid feedback Fluency in a language other than English