In this high-profile, customer-facing role, you will interface regularly with client-side stakeholders to address complex organization-specific business process needs and provide solutions using the Planisware software. This is a unique opportunity to not only gain an inside and front-row view of the business operations sustaining highly successful organizations, but also to use your own creative insights, problem-solving skills and technical skills to enhance those processes. Add both depth and breadth to your career skills portfolio in a highly autonomous role for a company that recognizes and rewards top performers. Join Planisware's team of Implementation Consultants and you will: Be a consultant . Lead workshops and provide guidance and advice. Uncover clients’ true needs. Be a technical guru. Code, debug, enhance, improve performance, design smooth GUI. Problem-solve. Every. Single. Day. Face new and exciting challenges. No two projects are alike. Master SDLC (software development life-cycle). Be a project manager. Work with a team and control the continual budget-scope-time triangle. Have fun …with your new happy Planisware family. Your day-one communication skills should enable you to present and explain complex problems in simple terms to both IT and senior management. Always engaged technically, you are configuring, troubleshooting, and writing code as needed. After your first year (or sooner!) your skills will evolve to the next level, allowing you to apply your past experience to design effective, user- friendly solutions for new challenges and new clients. Understanding the client's requirements and applying Planisware capabilities to meet business needs will be fundamental to your success. It is this capability that will distinguish you in your consulting career, as performance metrics in this profession derive from consistently delivering the best technical solutions for a wide variety of business needs, enabling the client to maximize return on their investment in our software. We are currently hiring for 3 great locations: DENVER: This position is based in our newly opened Denver, CO office. The office is located in downtown Denver and easily accessible to public transportation. GREATER PHILADELPHIA AREA: This position is based out of our East Coast office located in Trevose, PA, with direct access to Philadelphia and to the greater Princeton area. Public transportation (SEPTA, River Line or NJ North East Corridor) is available. SAN FRANCISCO: This position is based in our San Francisco office, located in SF's Financial District. It’s easily accessible by BART, SF Muni and other public transportation in the Bay Area. Qualifications: BA/BS degree (CS, CSE, EE, MS&E;, Operations Research, or equivalent) with 0 to 5 years of experience Computer programming experience Ability to learn quickly and manage multiple priorities Strong written and oral communication skills Willingness to travel (US and International) A self-starter with a highly developed work ethic Team player and sense of humor Preferred: Programming experience in scripting languages (Javascript, etc) Interest in Pharmaceutical/Biotech/NPD industries Working knowledge of database management and/or Linux Previous experience in software implementation Knowledge of portfolio and/or project management Benefits: 3 weeks paid vacation Paid holidays Life, short and long term disability insurance Company annual kick-off trip 401(k) plan with company variable contribution Health and Dental Insurance FSA plan, including employer contribution Cell phone and internet allowances