As the Web UI Developer, you will interact directly with both marketing business owners as well as IT. This position focuses on development of HTML, Javascript and CSS production code for a variety of websites ranging from e-commerce to marketing to social media and mobile. This position will interact at a customer facing level both internally and externally with vendors to ensure that projects meet expectations and are on time and within budget. THE ROLE (what you are accountable for) HTML / XHTML based content creation and coding Advanced JavaScript coding capacity Ability to hand-code advanced, layered CSS Analyzes wireframes and designs Ability to write coding specifications and show compliance for department Create standardized HTML Structure and establish naming conventions Assist with directory structure and integration of templates into dynamic environment Working with Marketing department to concept, develop, and deploy web-based projects Modifies and implements designs generated by others to ensure quality products Stays abreast of any industry-wide trends in design philosophy and any new tools and technologies being used for the Internet Ability to collaborate with Interaction Architects, System Administrators, Graphic Designers and fellow Web Developers Efficiently slices and optimizes graphic images, and optimize HTML; understanding of browser compatibility and screen limitations. Working knowledge of template integration in dynamic sites Knowledge and demonstrated capacity in mobile development frameworks and touch input Understanding of API’s/web services both calling out and building Working knowledge of code repository best practices and use Identifying opportunities for new e-Commerce, mobile, and social capabilities, and ensure the features that are built on a multi-region e-Commerce platform. Partnering with business, vendors, IT and other stakeholders to understand needs, document requirements and deliver solutions. Maintaining a flexible work schedule and be on-call during evenings and weekends, as needed. Documenting system problems and their resolutions for future reference. All other duties as assigned. YOU ARE: Someone who has strong ecommerce knowledge Experience in building user interfaces from wireframes and designs and be able to deploy applications in a cross-platform/cross-browser environment. Must be proficient with JavaScript, HTML5/CSS3, jQuery and responsive design Ability to work independently and in a team environment Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) and ability to communicate across all levels (user, management, vendor - business & technical). Ability to investigate and analyze information and to draw conclusions. Excellent customer service skills. SDLC knowledge and Agile software development methodologies. REQUIRED MINIMUM EXPERIENCE 4+ years related work experience; combination of work experience and a Bachelor's degree (B. A. or B. S. in Web Design, Interactive Media Design, or equivalent) from four-year College or University preferred Minimum 3 years experience in various ecommerce platforms such as Demandware/SalesForce commerce cloud, Hybris, Magento, ATG or similar. Excellent in JavaScript, Familiar with Node.js and jQuery. Experience with React, Angular is a plus Minimum 1 year experience with Amazon Web Services – Storage (S3/Glacier), Networking (VPC, Content Delivery), EC2 Instances JSP and/or PHP knowledge Known by peers for demonstrated leadership with effective interpersonal skills Able to work efficiently and meet/exceed deadlines under pressure Minimum 1 year experience with JIRA or similar ticketing system PREFERRED EXPERIENCE Prior experience implementing and supporting ecommerce websites using Demandware/SalesForce commerce cloud. Experience with graphic design, SEO and social media. Experience with code deployment, Linux and AWS is plus Prior experience with managing market places such as eBay, Amazon. Prior experience writing SQL statements is plus but not required. Knowledge of the Atlassian toolset. Outstanding general communication skills