Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity. CURRICULUM DEVELOPER, MIT APP INVENTOR , _Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL)_ , to assume a crucial role on the MIT App Inventor team, which builds, supports, does educational outreach, and conducts research on the MIT App Inventor platform specifically and computer science education more generally. Will help develop new curriculum using MIT App Inventor and Scratch, primarily for grades 4-12; help with teacher professional development in the U.S. and abroad; mentor students at MIT as they work on curriculum development; and collaborate with researchers at MIT and in Hong Kong to develop and carry out an ambitious research agenda on computing education and computational thinking. Job Requirements _REQUIRED_ : master’s degree in education, computer science, or related area; at least three years’ relevant work experience in teaching, curriculum development, and/or teacher professional development; interest in and commitment to learning more about computer science, education, educational technology, and/or K-20 education; familiarity with MIT App Inventor and Scratch; strong writing, presentation, problem-solving, time-management, decision-making, analytical, organizational, interpersonal, and customer service skills; meticulous attention to detail; diplomacy and good judgment in written and oral communication; Office software proficiency (email, spreadsheets, presentation); working knowledge of the internet and social media; self-motivation; ability to manage/prioritize competing projects/demands, meet deadlines, deliver high-quality results, work independently and in a team-based environment and with people across all levels; discretion with sensitive/confidential information; and ability to transport materials/computer equipment weighing up to twenty-five pounds. Computer science and education experience and formal or self-taught computer programming experience highly desired. Experience mentoring students and working with students/teachers on educational technology initiatives preferred. Direct experience with MIT App Inventor in an educational context helpful. MIT experience a plus. Job 16404 Must be able to attend evening/weekend meetings/events and to travel domestically and internationally as necessary. This is a twelve-month appointment with the possibility of extension.