Google Cloud Platform - Solutions Architect Hitachi Consulting is the global solutions and professional services organization within Hitachi Ltd., a global innovation leader in industrial and information technology solutions and an early pioneer of the Internet of Things. Hitachi Consulting is a business integrator for the IoT era and a catalyst for digital transformation. Using our deep domain knowledge, we collaborate with clients to help them innovate faster, maximize operational efficiency and realize measurable, sustainable business and societal value. As a consulting-led solutions company, we can help you leverage data as a strategic asset to drive competitive differentiation, customer loyalty and growth. Visit www.hitachiconsulting.com We are looking for an experienced Google Cloud Platform Solution Architect to lead & design creative solutions using GCP offerings tailored to meet client needs. Qualifications · More than 12 + years of overall experience with 3 plus years in Google Cloud Platform including setup and configuration · Certified as a Google Cloud Architect at the professional level. · Comprehensive understanding of Google Cloud Platform Services. · Have a solid understanding of delivery methodology and lead teams in the implementation of the solution according to the design/architecture. · Strong understanding of infrastructure and related technologies (hardware, virtualization, networking) · Strong client management and executive level communication skills · Experience leading and delivering complex enterprise solutions and teams. · Skilled problem solvers with the desire and proven ability to create innovative solutions. · Lead the technical planning & requirements gathering phases including estimate, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver. · Serve as a technical lead and mentor. Provide technical support or leadership in the development and continual improvement of service. · Proficient in authoring, editing and presenting technical documents. · Ability to communicate effectively via multiple channels (verbal, written, etc.) with technical and non-technical staff. · Fluent and current on architecture trends with an eye on market/technical conditions and future direction. · Experience in defining new architectures and ability to drive an independent project from an architectural stand point. · Leading technical discussions with business and technical decision makers, including detailing technical specifications, product roadmaps, deployment, and third-party integrations. · Demonstrated capability to handle Proof of Concept and solution demonstrations. · Experience coordinating Sales team members to develop sales scripts, discovery process, best practices, sharing expertise/training and guiding solution development. · Experience in sales support role, particularly discovery meetings, demos, roadmaps, and engagement assessment. · Bachelor’s degree in a technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or similar from a four-year college or university. Travel: Regular and expeditious travel throughout the United States and occasionally overseas is required to meet client needs and timetables. Available to be stationed at and work from an out-of-town client site for an extended period of time. Embracing inclusion and diversity is a powerful catalyst for success. Hitachi Consulting is committed to an inclusive work environment where people of diverse talent and perspectives work together to solve the problems of tomorrow through social innovation. We value and embrace gender, race, religion, disability, nationality, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity and personal style. If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information accommodations@hitachiconsulting.com. Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to.