Data Center Technical Solutions Architect What You'll Do: The position of Data Center Technical Solutions Architect is a pre-sales technical position, which requires a balance of technical acumen and sales experience. Articulate the next generation of Cloud through ground breaking solutions that fundamentally change the way IT is consumed. Who You'll Work With: You will be working closely with the product sales specialist team focused on the Data Center Architecture team in the Enterprise East Area. The role could include working on sales opportunities in the Enterprise segment. A secondary set of stakeholders will be the account teams (sales and pre-sales account quota owners) in this segment. Who You Are: You are expected to have strong, proven experience in the following primary responsibilities that make-up the role: Engagement with the technical decision maker within the Enterprise accounts with identified Data Center opportunities Technical leadership in developing and positioning creative architecture solutions to meet customer requirements Driving and working as part of a technical team that could include account system engineer, ecosystem engineer, channel partner pre-sales, technical solutions network engineers Developing bill of materials that reflect the architectural solutions Supplying to the Cisco response RFI, RFP and RFQ document that might be issued by customers Developing and executing bench-mark-testing (BMT) efforts in order to win the technical competitive Developing and maintaining relationship with the technical Data Center community especially system integrators and ecosystem vendors. Being a trusted advisor and domain expert in Data Center technology areas is also part of the role Craft the Design and Architecture of the Hybrid Cloud Solution. Desired Skills: Application Centric Infrastructure Puppet, Chef Linux Python scripting A. DC Technology skills and experience (in at least 5 areas) - x86 compute hardware - storage and data management systems - Data Center networks and network services - Data Center operations using scripting tools and languages - Hypervisor technologies as an architect, design engineer or operations - Operating systems: Linux, Microsoft Windows, etc… - Enterprise applications and/or Development environments - SDN Technologies, OpenDayLight, Openflow, Openstack - big data (hadoop) infrastructure - private/hybrid cloud deployment B. Pre-sales skills and experience (in at least 4 areas) - Good communicator - Self-starter - Teammate - Good presenter - Good organization - Competitive (likes to win) Min Qualifications: Good Grasp of UCS Director Experience with Prime Service Catalog Experience with VACS, ICF etc. Good Knowledge of Private/Public Clouds Working Knowledge of Networks, Compute and Storage. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.