Seeking a career with a meaningful purpose? Where your ideas are valued, heard and taken seriously? Want to work for a company whose 1 goal is saving lives? Robertson Fuel Systems, a subsidiary of HEICO Corporation, is the world's leading provider of crashworthy, blast tolerant and ballistically self-sealing fuel systems for military aircraft and ground vehicles, and have been one of the armed services most valued partners since 1976. In Robertson's quest to continually raise the bar in rotorcraft safety across the globe, it has recently entered into the civil market in providing crash-resistant fuel systems for AS350 and EC-130 helicopters. Come join our innovative team - we're waiting for you! The Position The IT Administrator is responsible for network and server health, monitoring, and support. This includes upgrades, patches, and configuration changes to support business growth and evolving business needs. The IT Administrator also shares general help desk duties including responding to support calls and emails, working with, supporting, and training users, and general computer/network maintenance. IT Administrator Duties & Responsibilities Work closely with, and at the direction of, the Director, IT to perform daily tasks related to the installation, support and maintenance of the Company's networks, servers, workstations and associated equipment. Become familiar with IT technologies, solutions, and network designs specific to Robertson. Administer Windows server technologies, including Active Directory, Group Policy, and Exchange. Install and support peripheral IT hardware such as monitors, keyboards, printers. Manage and track progress of issues via a Help-Desk ticket management system. Install, configure, upgrade and troubleshoot approved software packages such as Windows, Office, and other business applications. Performs hardware troubleshooting, replacement, and upgrades to existing computer equipment as needed. Assist in the customization and adaptation of existing hardware, software and systems to meet user and/or business requirements. IT Administrator Professional Qualifications Required: An Associate's degree in a computer related field or related discipline; a minimum of five (5) years relevant experience as an IT Assistant, IT Administrator, IT Help Desk with server experience, or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. A Bachelor's degree in computer science or related discipline is preferred. Technical knowledge of the techniques and procedures of software and network support for multiple users in a Business environment Two (2) years' experience managing Microsoft Server Technologies such as Active Directory, Group Policy, and Exchange Advanced understanding of installation, configuration and troubleshooting processes for software, hardware, wiring, networking and peripheral equipment Advanced skills in MS Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint; Project and Access as required) Mathematical understanding consistent with the educational requirements Ability to read, write and communicate clearly and effectively in English Preferred: Minor Web design (WordPress) SQL, Oracle or similar database technologies Think you've found your new "work home?" We're ready to welcome a new roomie! Check out our website: www.robbietanks.com! Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled