MIS Reporting Analyst Ideal candidates will be comfortable understanding social media, have an appetite for research and gathering data insights and the ability to use that to evolve client advertising platforms, a high level of comfort working with cross functional partners, and a strong analytical mindset. Successful team members have a passion for business success, strong attention to detail, analytical problem-solving abilities, and keen eyes for operational inefficiencies. Responsibilities: Data analysis, spotting data trends, performing gap analysis, generating reports, and recommending improvements to current business metric collection process Produce and deliver tracking and reporting for key KPI/SLA’s in the business Responsible for designing key dashboards and scorecards for Senior Leadership and Business Unit (Team Leaders, Training Team, Quality Analysts, etc.) Perform ad-hoc data analysis to support the business initiatives Create and maintain efficient and secure systems for recording data and producing relevant documentation Maintaining the daily relationship with the business intelligence supplier Seek opportunities to drive innovation and process improvement within the reporting spectrum Min. requirements: 2-3 years of experience working in a reporting environment, with proven ability to deliver high quality & accurate reports within demanding timescales Strong technical and numerical skills with advanced Excel skills Strong communication skills (both written and verbal) - ability to clearly communicate complex quantitative analysis in actionable insights Detail-oriented and passion for problem-solving Ability to work on own initiative or as part of a team Knowledge of data tools Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Manufacturing and Logistics PL3 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 12 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.