Success Academy As the fastest growing, highest performing charter school network in New York State, Success Academy has reimagined public education. Nationally recognized for achieving outstanding academic results for students from all backgrounds and zip codes, we have created an innovative K-12 school model that is preparing current and future generations of children with the subject mastery and skills to succeed in college and life. We now need a results-driven Head of Schooling Data & Analytics to join our School Management Office. School Management Office Situated within Schooling Management & Technology, our School Management Office (SMO) leads on key strategic functions that are critical to the day-to- day management of our schools. The team’s representative work includes performing data analytics and reporting on school performance, creating the annual academic calendar, distributing report cards and progress reports to families, managing the annual re-enrollment process for students, and identifying and placing our new school leaders. The SMO has five primary areas of focus: 1\. School Management Planning; 2\. School Management Process Support; 3\. School Communications; 4\. Data & Analytics Management; and 5\. Scholar Support Management. Head of Schooling Data & Analytics Working within the School Management Office , the Head of Schooling Data & Analytics will manage data analysis and reporting to provide critical resources to our School Managers. Key responsibilities include: Establishing the vision and corresponding deliverables for the team’s data analysis and reporting function; In partnership with School Managers & our Academics Team, determining the optimal reporting toolset and format to provide School Managers with clear views of school performance and key comparatives, facilitating faster and more accurate decision-making; Analyzing data and offering sophisticated solutions, rooted in a deep understanding of how we assess the academic, cultural, and operational performance of schools, to improve student and school leader performance; Presenting insights and recommendations to School Managers and high-level network stakeholders, with an emphasis on clarity, completeness, and actionability; Managing a team of data analysts to achieve key objectives and responsibilities; and Quickly and consistently identifying data integrity issues, and partnering with schools and other network departments (e.g., Data Science and Technology) to ensure data quality. A successful applicant will have the following experiences and characteristics: Is an inspiring leader who continually pushes themselves and others to higher levels of achievement; Has an incredibly high bar and keen eye for detail, and can manage his/her team to reflect the same; Has strong proficiency in Google Docs/Sheets and Microsoft Office; Has familiarity with SQL databases (a major plus); Has familiarity with Python data stack (Pandas, numpy, etc.); Demonstrates exceptional analytical skills that are used to see through the data and draw meaningful conclusions and trends; Communicates effectively and is adept at translating data into findings that are easily understood by target audience(s); Pays attention to the details and is driven to check one’s own work and raise questions independently rather than waiting for others to raise them; Is able to multitask and rapidly shift priorities; Has 4+ years of relevant experience; and Is an eager learner who seeks out and quickly implements feedback, and is excited to continuously develop professionally to achieve his/her potential. To join our team, please upload a cover letter and resume that outlines your candidacy. Your cover letter should explain in detail your qualifications for the position. Resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed. Success Academy Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. Success Academy offers a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.