Mesa,Arizona,United States HAACP2 Would you like to be part of a team that manages one of the most dynamic and complex supply chains in the world? If the answer is yes, then we have opportunities that may be a great fit for you. Procurement Agents play a pivotal role in developing, managing, integrating and improving Boeing's supply chain. We are seeking multiple early-career Procurement Agents to join Boeing’s Supply Chain & Operations Indirect Supply Chain (ISC) team. This organization is responsible for the sourcing, procurement and contract management of all indirect goods and services across Boeing’s global enterprise and is critical to enabling company operations. Indirect categories of spend include: Information Technology (e.g. Software, Infrastructure), Factory Production Support (e.g. Capital Equipment, Tooling, Automation, Consumables), Construction and Facilities Services, Logistics & Freight, Employee Services, Financial Services, and Labor/Training Services. This is a chance to be a part of a team whose collective experience spans across the globe with expertise in a variety of industries. We pride ourselves on performance and diversity. The primary responsibilities of this position include: Develop and inform contract and negotiation strategies Assess suppliers’ company health, performance and capability to deliver products and services Create source selection to ensure program and customer integration and alignment with their strategies Negotiate pricing and contract terms and conditions Evaluate supplier proposals for cost, lead time, quality and risk Prepare and execute negotiated contractual documents and binding agreements Conduct risk, issues and opportunities management Monitor and manage supplier performance including root cause and recovery Initiate supplier improvement activities and integrate results into contracting strategies Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Typical Education / Experience: Bachelor's degree and typically 3 or more years' related work experience, a Master's degree and typically 1 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree 2 or more years of experience working with Supplier Management, or Procurement practices and processes Experience with basic contract creation Experience negotiating price and schedule with customers Experience supporting lead negotiator Experience interacting directly with suppliers Proficiency working with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) Communication skills (written and verbal) with customer focus This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required Preferred Qualifications: Bachelors or advanced degree in Supply Chain, Business or other related studies Communication skills (written and verbal) with customer focus Experience implementing process and/or strategy improvements Ability to identify and integrate opportunities to leverage/improve in contracting strategies Ability to be self-directed in work and/or prior experience in a self-directed role Strong business acumen and adept problem solving ability Proactive engagement with various disciplines and program stakeholders Yes, 10 % of the Time Supply Chain and Ops Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company