Overview Rise is all about people and potential. We provide uniquely tailored and innovative programs, opening doors to success for the people we serve and our staff. We embrace a culture of learning and offer extensive training and career development opportunities. Rise offers competitive salaries, a fun, fast-paced work environment, and the chance to make a real difference in people’s lives! The purpose of this position is to assist people with mental health diagnoses to find jobs in Anoka County. A cover letter is required to apply. Please include it as one document with your resume when uploading. Responsibilities Provide individualized job placement services through weekly meetings with person served to work on job seeking skills, preparing resumes and cover letters and interviewing Actively cultivate competitive job opportunities with businesses and employers in the community, meeting with at least 6 employers a week Communicate effectively with diverse stakeholders including the individual’s team, businesses and employers, vocational rehabilitation services and with people with mental health diagnoses Equip and empower individuals to be successful in their new job opportunity through ongoing support Advocate on behalf of individual with employer regarding job accommodations Responsible for maintaining a caseload of no more than 20 people while tracking and documenting variety of data about services provided as well as billing Utilize person centered thinking and motivational interviewing to best engage with person served Qualifications & Benefits Qualifications: Knowledge of supported employment field and one year of experience providing job placement and job development services preferred Background in social work, human services, human resources customer service, career consulting, or sales is a plus Knowledge and/or experience working with adults with a mental health diagnosis. Ability to use electronic devices for organization (ie: electronic calendar, email, etc.) Excellent organizational skills Benefits: Starting wage $16.50 per hour, DOQ Medical- 90% of employee coverage premium paid by Rise. Dental. 4% matched 401(k). Life Insurance. FSA. PTO starts at 16 days a year, plus 2 float and 8 paid holidays. An Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer