Caltrans in Los Angeles is looking to hire a Student Assistant to work under the close supervision of a Senior Landscape Architect or Region Engineer. In a training capacity, the Student Assistant will assist in a wide range of services relating to the Maintenance Division. Conditions of Employment This is a part-time, temporary, non-benefited, student position. Employment in all positions with University Enterprises, Inc. is dependent upon the mutual consent of University Enterprises, Inc. and the employee. This means that either University Enterprises, Inc. or the employee can, at any time, terminate the employment relationship at will, with or without cause. Depending on the type of position you are applying for, a pre-employment background check consisting of one or more of the following may be conducted, employment history, professional references, criminal check, educational verification (i.e., degree, license, or official transcript) and physical exam and drug urinalysis test. Applicants will be required to pass required pre- employment checks to the satisfaction of University Enterprises Inc., (UEI) and the hiring Agency or Department. Work Schedule Flexible. Monday through Friday between 8:00 am and 5:00 pm. Additional Work Schedule Student Assistant and Graduate Assistant employees generally work up to 20 hours per work week (Sunday – Saturday) during the academic year and up to 40 hours per work week during breaks; Winter, Spring & Summer. Student Assistants are not permitted to telecommute or work remotely. Area Los Angeles On/Off Sacramento State Campus Off Campus Worksite City Los Angeles Pay Range $13.06 - $20.14 per hour Department/Agency California Department of Transportation (CALTRANS) Unit/Division Water Management/Maintenance Division Project Description Caltrans manages more than 50,000 miles of California’s highway and freeway lanes, provides inter-city rail services, permits more than 400 public-use airports and special-use hospital heliports, and works with local agencies. Caltrans carries out its mission of providing a safe, sustainable, integrated and efficient transportation system to enhance California’s economy and livability, with six primary programs: Aeronautics, Highway Transportation, Mass Transportation, Transportation Planning, Administration and the Equipment Service Center. To learn more please visit www.dot.ca.gov Majors/Fields of Study Computer Information Systems, Computer Science and Engineering, Geography, Landscape Architecture Minimum Qualifications Must be able to use personal computers, scanners, faxes, copiers, and be able to input data to computer systems. Able to communicate clearly both verbally and in writing. Able to carry out written/verbal instructions; and to maintain cooperative relations with those contacted in the workplace. Must maintain a minimum cumulative 2.0 GPA. Requires knowledge of MS Office Suite. Prerequisites Must be a college student attending classes during the regular term (Fall, Spring and Winter, if applicable), at one of the accredited colleges or universities on our affiliation list. To view our current affiliation list please paste the following URL into your browser: http://www.calinterns.org/wp-content/uploads/Affiliation_List.pdf Students must be enrolled at a minimum in; six semester units or nine quarter units for undergraduate students; four semester units or six quarter units for graduate students. Students declared major must match the major(s) listed in the job posting. Position Description Preferred Qualifications Experience administering Database, GIS Enterprise Environment. Experience working with software systems with prior development experience in ASP.Net ASP.NET, C, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and Access Databases. Duties and Responsibilities In a training capacity, the student assistant will assist in will assist in GIS & database related Asset Management for Maintenance Division. In a training capacity, the student assistant will assist in organizing data and contributing to existing database for District’s roadway program to help maintain Pavement Management System; and incorporate various graphic images into PowerPoint or Microsoft Word documents and utilize HTML format graphics, GIS related software & database software. In a training capacity, the student assistant will assist in web application development and programming using Microsoft.NET technologies (VB. NET, C, ASP.NET, Python) and Web design using HTML, ASP, and JavaScript. In a training capacity, the student assistant will assist in administrative duties within 2 offices processing and producing varied statistical reports and or perform administrative duties to record and archive information as it relates to standards of records management. The student assistant will be used in various offices of regional engineers to assist with plotting information of details as they relate to the Maintenance Division. Physical Requirements Sit for extended periods; frequently stand and walk; manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination; corrected hearing and vision to normal range; verbal communication; use of office equipment including computer workstations, telephones, calculators, copiers, printers, scanners, and fax machines, with or without a reasonable accommodation. Working Conditions Work is performed in an office environment. Hours Per Week Students (part-time) 0-20 hours per week during the academic year, up to 40 hours per week during breaks; Winter, Spring and Summer. (NSTU) Posting Date 08/10/2018 Closing Date 10/10/2018 Open Until Filled No Special Instructions to Applicant Please complete all fields of the employment application. Include your educational history in the “Educational Experience” section and any employment history in the “Employment Experience” section of your application.