Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States JADEP2 The Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) organization is seeking a highly-motivated Quality Engineer ( Level 2 ) to join the Vertical Lift Integrated Quality team located in Ridley Park, PA. This position reports to the site Integrated Quality organization and supports all activities related to the site's tooling design, fabrication, maintenance, execution of processes, and analysis in direct support of manufacturing centers for V-22 Osprey, H-47 Chinook, and Fabrication. Additionally, the position supports manufacturing and fabrication of products and services related to V-22 Osprey, H-47 Chinook, and Fabrication. Position Responsibilities Your duties will include (but are not limited to): Performs root cause analyses Supports the implementation of corrective actions necessary to reduce or eliminate non-conformance to design specifications Uses statistical methodologies to ensure specified levels of process capability are achieved, maintained or improved Develops Quality resource requirements and quality metrics Works with other Quality professionals to ensure flow down of Quality requirements Develops method, procedures and metrics to ensure quality standards and practices are met Conducts verification reviews to ensure adequate surveillance to validate product and process Quality requirements Provides material review dispositions for non-conformance materials, parts and equipment. Compiles data for manufacturing processes and tooling Assists in investigating and documenting customer and regulatory agency non-conformances and ensures appropriate corrective actions Reviews designs for manufacturability, producibility, testability and inspectability Analyzes process capability studies Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Basic Qualifications ( Required Skills / Experience ): Minimum of 2 years experience working in a regulated aerospace or other manufacturing environment (ex. AS9100, ISO9001) Minimum of 2 years experience using data analysis techniques Demonstrated presentation and communication skills Experience in root cause analysis and corrective action Preferred Qualifications ( Desired Skills / Experience ): Six Sigma or Continuous Improvement experience Project Management experience Work Authorization : This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a "US Person" as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. "US Person" includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Typical Education / Experience : Degree and typical experience in engineering classification: Bachelor's and 2 or more years' experience or a Master's degree with experience. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Relocation : This position is based in Ridley Park, PA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in the area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No Operations Entry Level No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company