As Network Delivery Architects in Akamai’s Network Planning Team, we are planning, defining, and building complex projects and traffic delivery plans across a global network. In this role, you will be responsible for understanding and developing the project requirements, building an actionable plan around those requirements, and communicating with a broad set of partners to ensure that the projects meets the needs of the business. Projects range from expanding the capacity of the network to optimizing the costs, to adding new functionality. Tasks involved with this role: You will lead & drive the requirements translation process Understand the technical landscape to synthesize information from a wide variety of sources and propose an optimal solution based on all the inputs Translate high level objectives and requirements into detailed project and execution plans Lead the planning process with a multi-functional team to ensure common understanding around goals, objectives, and success criteria. Communicate project status to business owners Provide business and technical reasoning for the planned projects You will be responsible for building network capacity to meet network capacity targets Understand the key parameters that make up the capacity model and check that the model is valid as conditions change. You will need to develop understanding of how traffic delivery in the internet peering ecosystem works You will need to develop understanding of Akamai products and how they are delivered on the network Work with multi-functional team to produce plans for deployments Analyze existing platform capacity and efficacy Understand our network partner requirements Craft deployment plans for new capacity Lead the priority setting process in Networks throughout the lifecycle of projects Express how deployment plans enable the business to meet its goals Ensure all stakeholders understand the priorities, supporting the execution team in timely project delivery Continually analyze and review network data to make sure it is optimized, efficient, and cost effective. Define metrics to help measure those goals. Use this information to drive the right decisions and inform plans. You will need to understand business goals and how running the platform affects those goals You will need to be able to identify technical shortcomings and evaluate various solutions Understand, measure and assess the process of building our network from beginning to end. Help define and implement processes, and procedures that allow for continual scalable improvements. About the Team The Networks division is responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the infrastructure that supports our network. The Networks division handles and maintains relationships with internet service providers and data center operators around the world to ensure the infrastructure we are deploying can efficiently support the forecasted growth of internet traffic. The Network Planning team is responsible for architecting, planning, and project-managing the deployment of infrastructure projects within the Networks division. Required Education and Experience Applicants must meet one of the following education and experience requirements: 5 years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent or 3 years of relevant experience and a Master’s degree or Required Skills 2+ years of experience analyzing, interpreting and synthesizing data to support decisions 0-1 years of experience with networking and TCP/IP protocols Desired Skills Excellent organization and planning ability Excellent ability to organize information & communicate that effectively, whether written or verbal Confirmed flexible leadership and interpersonal skills. Experience with Linux command line and SQL Ability to anticipate risk and plan contingencies Ability to identify connections between sometimes disparate sources A spirit of investigation and resourcefulness - enjoys the challenge of complicated problems, figuring out solution set, and ordering & prioritizing the associated tasks to solve the problem Strong entrepreneurial spirit - willing to take initiative, consider multiple alternatives, and break down walls to get things done while soliciting consensus from all affected parties. Creative and tolerant of uncertainty Familiarity/experience with Lean, DevOps, SRE, Agile, continuous improvement Open to learning new technologies, with demonstrated ability to grasp new technical concepts quickly and successfully Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.