DPS - ICT - Crime Analyst II (Watch Center) ( 00002557 ) Organization : TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : AUSTIN (6100 GUADALUPE ST) 6100 GUADALUPE ST BLDG E Austin 78752 Job : Protective Service Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time State Job Code : 6162 Salary Admin Plan : B Grade : 17 Salary (Pay Basis) : 3,974.00 - 3,974.00 Number of Openings : 1 Overtime Status : Non-exempt Job Posting : Aug 7, 2018, 8:52:29 AM Closing Date : Aug 15, 2018, 11:59:00 PM Description PLEASE NOTE: All applications must contain complete job histories, which includes job title, dates of employment, name of employer, supervisor's name and phone number and a description of duties performed. If this information is not submitted, your application may be rejected because it is incomplete. Resumes do not take the place of this required information. SUBMITTED THROUGH WORK IN TEXAS: Work In Texas (WIT) applicants must complete the supplemental questions to be considered for the posting. In order to complete the supplemental questions please go to CAPPS Recruit to register or login and access your profile. Go to CAPPS Recruit to Sign In https://capps.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en This posting is for current ICT employees ONLY. This position is located in the Real-Time Watch Center and is "B" Shift (3:00 pm - 11:00 pm). GENERAL DESCRIPTION Perform highly advanced (senior-level) research and analytical work of a confidential nature in the ICT Division to collect, process, and disseminate a wide variety of data and information between and among jurisdictions to support and enhance the successful investigation and prosecution of individuals and groups engaged in criminal activities and support and enhance public safety. Conduct assessments of criminal activity and public safety, as well as assessments of threats and vulnerabilities to the state’s critical infrastructure. Work is performed under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the exercise of independent judgment. The following Military Occupational Specialty codes are generally applicable to this position. Applicants must fully complete the summary of experience to determine if minimum qualifications are met. 35F, 35Y, 311A, 350F, 351L, 351M, 35D, 745X, 401, 023, 5821, 5805, 1N0X1, 7S0X1, 14NX, 71SX ESSENTIAL DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Research, read, evaluate, and analyze all reports, letters, booklets, magazines, periodicals, newspaper clippings, and all other materials received by the Department of Public Safety. 2\. Provide field investigators with specific information upon request. Collect, analyze, and summarize data collected and disseminates pertinent documents to aid investigators in criminal cases and enhancing public safety 3\. Prepare, compile, test, analyze, and interpret statistical data. 4\. Perform data entry and verification of data files. 5\. Analyze thoroughly and correlate all available intelligence information on threats to public safety and submits the same to the Commander in the form and manner prescribed. 6\. Submit to the Analyst Supervisor all intelligence information appearing to be of value to another Division of the agency, or to any official law enforcement agency for the prevention and suppression of crime. 7\. Advise and assist Department Investigators requesting name checks by furnishing any known or related information that may be of assistance to the requesting investigator but not appearing in the particular area being reviewed. 8\. Prepare periodic analysis reports relative to crime developments, either as they are currently occurring or as they are estimated to occur in the future. 9\. Use teletype and/or computer terminal to access driver licenses, criminal records, various agencies files, NCIC/TCIC and vehicle registration data bases to identify subjects for DPS and other law enforcement agencies as requested. 10\. Attend workshops and seminars on intelligence gathering and analyzing techniques. 11\. Perform liaison activities with Analysts in other DPS law enforcement services and with other federal, state, and local law enforcement personnel. Maintain close liaison with jurisdictions in regard to situations, incidents, and occurrences of law enforcement interest. 12\. Support state counterterrorism initiatives by conducting research and providing analytical assessments related to threats from domestic and international groups. 13\. Provide assessments related to the threats against, and vulnerabilities of identified state critical infrastructure. 14\. Attend meetings and training related to criminal activity of violent offenders and gangs in order to assist law enforcement personnel in evaluating and sharing related pertinent information. Prepare charts and court displays for state and federal court. 15\. Develop and maintain sources of information for obtaining public information and information from other law enforcement agencies. Interact with the general public to obtain information related to suspicious activity or specific criminal activity. Participate in compiling data for specific files to be included in databases. 16\. Instruct at the DPS academy and at various other schools and provides training to other areas in the state with informative presentations regarding criminal activities and program responsibilities mandated by the law. 17\. Evaluate and monitor legislative bills and proposals for effect on the ICT Division and the Department. 18\. Compile information to be used in bulletins, articles, and publications for the benefit of the law enforcement community. Compose and/or complete memoranda/correspondence/reports summarizing documentation pertaining to identified subjects. 19\. Attend work regularly and observe approved work hours in accordance with agency leave and attendance policies. 20\. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS and REQUIREMENTS Education – Graduation from a standard senior high school or equivalent is required. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a major in Criminal Justice, Business Management, Information Systems, Government, History, Statistics, Social Science, or a related field is preferred. Experience – Minimum of four (4) years’ experience in a criminal justice, military, or government intelligence agency or criminal intelligence network organization performing duties of, or relating to either criminal investigations, intelligence gathering procedures, police communications/telecommunications network operations, or professional level work involving extensive data and internet research, compilation and correlation of data on a full-time basis, and preparation of analytical reports. _Substitution Note:_ Preferred education of the type described may be substituted for the experience requirement on a year-for-year basis. Licensure and/or Certification – Must possess a valid driver license from state of residence. Must secure and maintain a secret level security clearance within one year of employment. Regulatory knowledge – Working knowledge of, or the ability to rapidly assimilate information related to TXDPS, State and Federal regulations, legislation, guidelines, policies and procedures. Knowledge of criminal records and analysis and operation of analyst functions as they relate to criminal law enforcement; of policies, procedures, and functions as they apply to ICT Division investigative activities. Interpersonal Skills – Must demonstrate an ability to exercise poise, tact, diplomacy and an ability to establish and maintain positive, working/professional relationships with internal/external customers. Organizational and Prioritization Skills – Must be organized, flexible, and able to effectively prioritize in a multi-demand and constantly changing environment; able to meet multiple and sometimes conflicting deadlines without sacrificing accuracy, timeliness or professionalism. Presentation/Communication Skills – Must be able to construct and deliver clear, concise, and professional presentations to a variety of audiences and/or individuals. Ability to work in close liaison with other law enforcement agencies. Research and Comprehension – Must demonstrate ability to quickly and efficiently access relevant information, and be able to utilize and/or present research and conclusions in a clear and concise manner. Analytical Reasoning/Attention to Detail – Must demonstrate an ability to examine data/information, discern variations/similarities, and be able identify trends, relationships and causal factors, as well as grasp issues, draw accurate conclusions, and solve problems. Technology (computers/hardware/software/operating systems) – Must possess appropriate levels of proficiency with utilized software, including statistical software and tools, and systems and be able to learn new software/systems. Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook). Working knowledge of the functions of TLETS and NLETS. Confidentiality and Protected Information – Must demonstrate an ability to responsibly handle sensitive and confidential information and situations, and adhere to applicable laws/statutes/policies related to access, maintenance and dissemination of information. Travel and/or Schedule – Availability for after-hour and weekend work is required. PHYSICAL and/or ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS The physical and environmental demands described here are representative of those encountered and/or necessary for the employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job; reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Environment: Office; Ambulatory skills, e.g. stand, walk, sit, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch; Hand-eye coordination and arm/hand/finger dexterity; Ability to speak, hear, and exercise visual acuity; Ability to transfer weights of twenty-five (25) pounds anticipated for this position; Driving requirements: Occasional (ten [10%]). DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group and state title will be transferred with no salary change. DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. Salary is contingent upon qualifications and is subject to salary administration and budgetary restrictions. DUE TO THE HIGH VOLUME OF APPLICATIONS WE DO NOT ACCEPT TELEPHONE CALLS, ONLY CANDIDATES SELECTED FOR INTERVIEW WILL BE CONTACTED. State of Texas retirees may be rehired for full-time, non-commissioned positions only under very specific circumstances.