Manager I Reports to, and advises the Field Services & Communications Manager III of the Communication Program activities. Manages the Communications Programs daily activities. Manager I provides direction and guidance in the operation of the TER Help Desk and Call Center. Oversees and prepares productivity reports and studies related to the Communications Program area on a timely manner. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by tracking emerging trends in call center operations management; reviewing professional publications to make improvements in call center operations; and collaborating with other divisions to improve program operations. Routinely meets with assigned staff on program issues and problems to identify and implement solutions. Work involves assisting in establishing program goals and objectives, and ensuring these are achieved. Plans, assigns, and supervises the work of staff in the Communications Program area. Work includes development of training, policies, and other duties assigned. This is a fast paced, Call Center environment, which requires the ability to work under pressure. Works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. 35% Manages activities of the Communications Program staff, and oversees the preparation of productivity and management reports and studies. This position requires taking calls from the general public to ensure call hold times are reduced. Assists in research studies, and internal audits. Assists in establishing goals and objectives, schedules, and evaluation activities for the VSU Communication Program area of VSU. Assists in developing and reviewing legislative items. 30% Directly supervises a multi-disciplinary staff in Communication Program activities. Supervision includes assigning work, interviewing, hiring and training of staff, assisting in development of performance standards, discussion of performance with assigned staff, and recommending personnel or disciplinary actions. Assists in managing staff development to ensure and encourage high standard of work output. Works on continuous process improvement in assigned work area. Prepares training and operational manuals for review and implementation in assigned work area. 25% Advises and consults with the Field Services & Communications Manager III on Communications Program-related matters. Advises the Field Services & Communications Manager III on status and program development of Communications Program activities from a productivity standpoint and recommends procedures for more effective utilization or corrective actions. Develops and recommends program guidelines and procedures for Field Services & Communications Manager's review. Implements approved guidelines and procedures, and collects feedback from staff for further development consideration. 10% Performs other related duties, as assigned. Performs duties in the absence of the Field Services & Communications Manager III. DSHS employees are expected to support this mission either by actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or COOP activation. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to government work. Skill in using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems; and in operating computers and applicable computer software such as Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to supervise business function, division, or department activities; to establish goals and objectives; to devise solutions to administrative problems; to develop and evaluate administrative policies and procedures; to prepare reports; to communicate effectively; and to plan, assign, and supervise the work of others. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Must pass background and fingerprint check. Experience and Education: Experience in the management of a business function, division, or department relevant to Vital Statistics, or government work. Graduation from an accredited four year college or university with major course work in a field relevant to the assignment is generally preferred. Experience and education may be substituted for one another. Initial Selection Criteria: Experience in working in a government setting. Experience in working in a call center environment. Experience in training, project management, and providing technical assistance to stakeholders. Additional Information: Requisition 385871 MOS Code: 86MO HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.