\-------- About Us \-------- Born out of frustration with the traditional cash register business, ShopKeep was designed by a retailer with a noble aim: to rescue independent business owners from the nightmare of archaic point of sale systems, and replace it with something beautiful, simple, and affordable. It turned out that by doing this, we were giving our fellow merchants a fighting chance against the big guys. So we kept doing it. Today, our mission is simple: empower independent business owners to dream big and fight smart. We’re doing this by disrupting the industry through our cloud-based architecture, amazing customer care and intuitive software that delivers the data small business owners need to run a smarter businesses. At ShopKeep, we’ve been successful because of our awesome team that believes small businesses make up the heart of their communities. If you want to defend the independent spirit of “Main Street,” you’ve found your kind of people. THIS POSITION IS LOCATED IN OUR NORTHBROOK OFFICE \-------------------- About This Role \-------------------- The Customer Care Advisor Role at Shopkeep is the frontline support for our merchants needing help. Day to day functions for an advisor involve answering questions from our merchants via phone and email. Effective written and verbal communication is critical to the Customer Care Advisor role. In this role you will \--------------------- Redefine expectations of quality service for our merchants Provide effective and comprehensive solutions to questions from our merchants in a timely matter Document communication with merchants with accuracy and sufficient detail for reporting and future reference Identify relevant support documentation that could be sent to our merchants to encourage self-service support Make educated decisions, born out of empathy, to drive customer satisfaction across internal and external channels Meet or exceed our internal key performance indicators for success Communicate with our merchants and our team in a friendly and professional manner Build rapport and strong relationships with all members on our team – up, down, sideways, inside, and outside of ShopKeep Utilize comprehensive knowledge of ShopKeep Products to provide support to our team via internal communication channels You should \---------- Have an innate curiosity about people and business Be able to empathize with users and quickly grasp the issues they’re facing Have an even temper in the face of frustration Have the ability to clearly explain advanced technical concepts to people with limited technical knowledge Qualifications \-------------- Up to 1 year of experience in customer service High school diploma or GED The ability to work holidays and weekends Professional level written and verbal communication skills Extra Cool Points® For Experience working with a POS system in a retail or restaurant environment In-depth knowledge of iOS and MacOS Prior experience at a growth stage internet or software company Benefits \-------- We provide the essentials... Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Flexible Time Off Policy Commuter Benefits 401k Matching ...and the fun-damentals: Catered Meals Happy Hours Beer Fridge Stocked Snack Shelf Massage Therapy How To Apply \------------ Fill out the application information below. In order to be considered, all applications must contain a cover letter (bonus points if your cover letter is in the form of a video!), and a resume. ShopKeep is an Equal Opportunity Employer.