In this role, you will serve as the second line of defense for the department by testing SOX controls, other internal controls and procedures. You will test implementation of procedural changes and workflow changes, and assist the department in maintaining regulatory compliance and minimizing opportunities for negative customer impact. Functions Responsible for audit projects which are moderately to very complex. Assist with selection of and requisition of audit materials for SOX and Risk Audit reviews. Review a sample of loan files as part of the Monthly Risk Review. Input audit results with clarity and accuracy into audit workbooks. Assist with SOX Certification review process, as needed. Notify manager of Regulatory errors as they are found. Present monthly and quarterly audit results to department managers. Collaborate with manager and other Business Analysts to insure best possible presentation of and integrity of audit data reported monthly and quarterly. Demonstrate compliance with all bank regulations that apply to your position, and keep up to date on regulation changes. Maintain working knowledge of our policies and procedures regarding the Bank Secrecy Act, Regulation CC, Regulation E, Bank Security and other regulations that apply to your position. Qualifications High School Graduate with some College level accounting or related prior bank experience. Must be able to read, comprehend and follow Policy and Procedures manuals, loan documentation and other management directives. Strong business operations knowledge, analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to adapt to a variety of software programs/systems. Knowledge of banking policies, procedures, practices and documentation. Audit, Loan Servicing or Loan Processing experience preferred. Physical Requirements and Working Conditions Work involves: sitting walking lifting up to 25 pounds. occasional Travel No relocation offered. About Us We do things a little differently here at Umpqua. Our retail stores serve as community hubs, our associates are given up to 40 hours of volunteer time each year, and we’re never satisfied with the status quo. It’s no wonder we’ve made “Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. But greatness has no finish line, so we continue every day to keep people at the center of everything we do. We focus on building relationships, understanding our customers’ needs and connecting to people in new and innovative ways – always staying true to our mission of providing personalized banking for all people, whenever and however they prefer to bank. Umpqua Bank is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. We maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled