Description: Who is Brandify? Brandify is an industry-leading provider of location-based digital marketing solutions that provides brands with a better understanding of their connection to their customers. Brandify does this by capturing incredibly powerful data as well as providing strategy and customized services to help brands maximize their online presence and drive customers to their locations. For 21 years, Brandify powers more than 500 brands and serves more than 4.5 million brick and mortar locations, globally reaching millions of consumers daily. Brandify's mission is to leverage location technology to transform the way businesses connect with consumers while offering unrivaled personal service. YOU Brandify's vision is to continue creating a team of innovators, strategist and leaders across technology and digital marketing whose aim is for the betterment of others and themselves. We are exploring all of Southern California to find a Senior Full Stack Developer for our Anaheim, CA headquarters. Requirements: Design wireframes with Development and Design Teams. Build-out responsive and optimized Web pages for mobile and desktop. Work with APIs to access and display page data. Debug Front, Middle and Back-End as they arise. Execute work according to deadlines and department timeline Required skills: 2+ years’ experience in web development using HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Familiarity with jQuery or similar API Excellent debugging skills Highly self-motivated and effective team player Experience in high volume Internet applications Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desired skills: Familiarity with Node.js development Familiarity with Google Cloud Platform Familiarity with Cordova, Ionic Familiarity with Photoshop Familiarity with Balsamiq (or other wireframing software) Compensation: In addition to competitive compensation Brandify offers full benefits! Dental, Vision and Health Insurance Benefits Paid Company Life Insurance 401k Generous Parental Leave Education Reimbursement Remote Work Program 3 Weeks Vacation Paid Volunteer Day Casual Dress Company Outings Happy hours Parking Job Training and Conferences AND SO MUCH MORE! We are committed to the excellence of our team and will continue to foster growth by treating our employees oh so well! EEO Statement: Brandify is an equal employment opportunity (EEO) employer. Brandify's CEO and senior leadership team have the responsibility to monitor progress, reinforce policies and hold the organization accountable to meet its objectives.