Job Description Essential Functions Creation and upkeep of process automation related to data maintenance. Complete documentation of datasets and processes following established industry standards Coordination of some short- and long-term projects including the organization, prioritization, review, evaluation and approval of project deliverables. Occasional oversight of subordinate and interning employees Preparation of written and oral reports, memos, visualizations and presentations to communicate project objectives or outcomes and the results of spatial or statistical analyses to executives, non-technical staff, and the public. Communication and explanation of technical issues, spatial concepts, data and methods to non-technical staff. Query and maintenance of spatial and non-spatial data within relational databases Writing of database views to support new and ad hoc reports and providing guidance to analysts on database analysis. Creation, management and editing of APIs of departmental data for internal and external uses. Engaging departmental (business or operational) stakeholders to define the objectives, goals, deadlines and deliverables for projects and prioritize ad hoc requests for maps and reports. Coordination with OIT on the creation, maintenance and update to spatial and non-spatial databases Execution and support of City policies for enterprise data sharing, data quality, metadata, spatial data updates/maintenance and open data sharing to the public. Coordination with OIT on the implementation of new technology, innovations or data management policies. Ensuring the complete documentation of projects, datasets and processes. Participation in meetings, trainings, seminars and events within OIT, L+ I and across the City government. Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Experience in project planning and time management. Ability to create and maintain good working relationships and collaborations while being able to work independently and take initiative. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Experience with technical project requirements gathering. Proficiency in database management: create, edit, update, join, append and query data from spatial and non-spatial relational databases including MS SQL Server. Proficiency in use and editing or creation of APIs for data extraction, transformation, loading (ETL) and analysis. Proficiency using ESRI ArcGIS 10.x software suite including Model Builder and Spatial Analyst extensions. Proficiency in spatial data creation, editing and maintenance in ESRI ArcSDE 10.x. Proficiency using ArcGIS Online or other web mapping platforms. Proficiency using Microsoft Office Professional Suite (Access, Excel, Word, Powerpoint). Experience with project tracking applications including Microsoft Project. Experience with data visualization and graphics tools for the creation of professional presentations reports, web content, or public relations materials.