Clark College is currently accepting applications for three full-time, permanent classified Custodian 1 positions to support the Facilities Services Department. These positions are responsible for performing custodial work on main campus or an offsite campus. The hours for these positions are Monday through Friday. One position is available for each of the following shifts: swing shift 4:30 p.m. - 1:00 a.m., day shift 9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m., morning shift 4:00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Clark College is an equal opportunity employer. Protected group members are strongly encouraged to apply. Clark College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age perceived or actual physical or mental disability, pregnancy, genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, creed, religion, honorably discharged veteran or military status, or use of a trained guide dog or service animal. The college considers equal opportunity, affirmative action, and non-discrimination to be fundamental to the mission, Core themes, and objectives of the college. All faculty and staff hired at Clark College are encouraged to embrace, continually support and enhance social equity on our campus and in our community. Questions regarding the College's Affirmative Action Policy may be directed to the Director of Human Resources, (360) 992-2105. Position Responsibilities Job Duties and Responsibilities: Perform general cleaning duties of various buildings and facilities. Operate power equipment such as scrubbers, polishers, waxers, buffers and commercial vacuums. Clean and sanitize shower rooms and restrooms. Ensure restrooms are properly supplied. Sweeping, dusting, mopping, scrubbing or stripping floor finish, applying new finish and buffering/burnishing floors. Performs minor maintenance and repairs to custodian equipment, carpets and minor adjustments to plumbing fixtures. Vacuum, shampoo and remove stains from carpets operating a truck mount cleaning machine. Maintain custodial closets and mechanical rooms. Fulfill requests for event setups/resets; furniture/equipment moves; maintenance requests and work orders for special services; and surplus furniture. Perform related duties as required. Qualifications Position Requirements and Competencies: Candidates will be evaluated based on application materials, including the supplemental questions and personal interview(s), and will be required to demonstrate competencies in the following areas: Possession of a valid driver's license. Physical ability to perform work assignments. Ability to organize and prioritize work. Good customer services skills. Knowledge of proper use of custodial chemicals and equipment. Ability to read and interpret labels. Ability to interpret and follow written instructions and diagrams. Supplemental Information Job Readiness/Working Conditions: Ability to read, write, and speak English. Ability to perform moderately heavy cleaning tasks and physical work requiring reaching, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing 12-foot ladders, and lifting 50 pounds from floor to 36 inches. Ability to properly and safely use chemicals and operate custodial power equipment. Ability and willingness to understand and follow laws, regulations and other standards established to maintain a safe work environment. Ability to work well with people of all ages from academically, culturally, and socioeconomically diverse backgrounds. The initial appointment will include a 6-month probationary period and the employee will earn permanent status after successfully completing probation. Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. Salary/Benefits: Starting Salary: $2,173/month Range: 27 Code: 00678I _Benefits package includes insurance, retirement, annual and sick leave, disability, flexible spending account, and tuition waiver._ Application Deadline: Required application materials must be completed and submitted online by 3 p.m., August 30, 2018. REQUIRED ONLINE APPLICATION MATERIALS: Clark College online application Current resume Responses to the supplemental questions included in the online application process To contact Clark College Human Resources, please call (360) 992-2105. DISABILITY ACCOMMODATIONS Upon request, accommodations are available to persons with disabilities for the application process. Contact Human Resources at (360)992-2105 or by video phone at (360)991-0901. SECURITY The security of all the members of the campus community is of vital concern to Clark College. Information regarding crime prevention advice, the authority of the Security/Safety Department, policies concerning reporting of any crimes which may occur on the campus, and crime statistics for the most recent 4-year period may be requested from the Clark College Security/Safety Department, (360) 992-2133. The most recent Annual Security Report can be viewed here: http://www.clark.edu/campus-life/student-support/security/report.php ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION If you are hired, you will need proof of identity, and documentation of U.S. citizenship or legal authorization to work. CORRECTIONS OR EXTENDED NOTICES Corrected or extended notices will be posted online and in the Human Resources Office. Clark College Human Resources August 7, 2018 18-00082