Duties Summary For more information on the Department of Justice and the United States Attorneys' Offices, visit www.justice.gov/usao/ . As needed, additional positions may be filled using this announcement. This position is also being announced under Merit Promotion Procedures under 18-WAW-10280049-MS. Responsibilities If selected for this position, you will join a well-respected team that is responsible for providing a wide range of administrative duties to include support services, human resources, acquisition and finance to the United States Attorney's Office, Western District of Washington. These duties include requisitions, time and attendance reporting, new employee orientation, maintaining HR files, personnel security, contracting, expert witness, training, and travel. Typical duties include: Ordering office supplies and other commonly used items using government purchase card; Reconciling purchase card statements before the end of the month; Initiating and reviewing requisitions based on the needs of the requestors and knowledge of regulations; Maintaining and operating a system for receipt verification of goods and services, addressing outstanding orders and tracking status; Assisting Human Resources staff with employee background investigations, conducting new employee orientations, and maintaining personnel files; Performing timekeeping duties such as setting up user profiles and timesheets for new employees, deleting user profiles for separated employees, preparing corrections and audits; Preparing travel authorizations and providing assistance to travelers; Using computer software programs to produce database or spreadsheets to enter, revise, sort or calculate, and retrieve data for standard reports; Maintaining the office supply room and government vehicle records for the district; Serving as the primary mail distribution technician; Serving as the back-up receptionist; and Performing other duties as assigned Responsibilities will increase and assignments will become more complex as your training and experience progress. Travel Required Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 7 Job family (Series) 0303 Miscellaneous Clerk And Assistant Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment You must be a United States Citizen or National. Background investigation, credit check, and drug test required. You must be registered for Selective Service, if applicable. If selected, you may be required to complete a one year probationary period. You must meet all qualification requirements upon the closing date of this announcement. Qualifications Qualifying experience at the GS-7 grade level involves one year of specialized experience at the GS-6 performing the following types of duties: working in an office environment greeting customers and operating a multi-line telephone system; ordering office supplies, equipment and tracking expenditures; scheduling repairs for office equipment (i.e., copiers, scanners, and fax machines); handling all mail services including processing incoming and outgoing mail; processing time and attendance for office employees; and preparing correspondence (i.e., memorandums, reports, forms); and utilizing computer software programs (i.e., Power Point, MS Word, Excel) to create, input, retrieve, revise, or sort data. To be qualified, you must type at least 40 words per minute based on a 5 minute sample with three or fewer errors. (A typing test may later be required.) Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP)- The ICTAP provides eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP eligibility; 2) you apply under the instructions in the announcement; and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well-qualified, you must satisfy all qualification requirements for the vacant position and receive a score of 85 or better on established ranking criteria. You must provide proof of eligibility to receive selection priority. Such proof may include a copy of your written notification of ICTAP eligibility or a copy of your separation personnel action form. Additional information about ICTAP eligibility is at: http://www.opm.gov/policy-data- oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/ . Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)- The CTAP provides eligible surplus and displaced competitive service employees in the Department of Justice with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your Department of Justice component has notified you in writing that you are a surplus or displaced employee eligible for CTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your CTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must satisfy all qualification requirements for the vacant position and receive a score of 85 or better on established ranking criteria. You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP eligibility with your application. Additional information about CTAP eligibility is at: http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee- guide-to-career-transition/ . Education This job does not have an education qualification requirement. Additional information Payment of relocation expenses will not be authorized. The Department of Justice offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes, in part, paid vacation; sick leave; holidays; telework; life insurance; health benefits; and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. Veterans' Preference \- If you are entitled to Veterans' Preference, you must indicate the type of preference you are claiming by checking the appropriate box in the assessment questionnaire to indicate your preference and submit the required veterans' preference documentation as specified in the, "Required Documents" section of this vacancy announcement. Selective Service: If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System, or are exempt from having to do so under the Selective Service Law. See www.sss.gov . Reasonable Accommodation Statement: Federal Agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities, where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. EEO Statement: The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, status as a parent, genetic information, disability, age, membership or nonmembership in an employee organization, or on the basis of personal favoritism. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Your application will be evaluated and rated under DOJ's Category Rating and Selection Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed on this announcement. If you are basically qualified for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses on the Occupational Questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. If it is determined you meet minimum qualification requirements, your application will then be placed in one of three categories: _Best Qualified, Highly Qualified, or Qualified_. Within these categories, applicants eligible for Veterans' Preference will receive selection priority over non-veteran preference eligibles. In addition, qualified veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 10% or more are placed at the top of the highest quality category (i.e., Best Qualified). You will be rated on the following Competencies (see The Delegated Examining Operations Handbook, Appendix F for definitions): Applies Technology to Tasks, Attention to Detail, Customer Service, Integrity/Honesty, and Technical Competence The Occupational Questionnaire will take you approximately 20 minutes to complete. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Public Trust - Background Investigation Drug test required Yes Required Documents Required Documents You must provide a complete Application Package which includes: \- Required: Your responses to the Occupational Questionnaire. \- Required: Your resume showing relevant experience and dates (for full consideration you must include day/month/year) of employment and work schedule for each (e.g., part-time XX hours per week or full-time) (cover letter optional).). _Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience._ -Required, if applicable: CTAP/ICTAP documentation (a copy of a separation notice or other proof of eligibility for priority selection; a copy of an SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, showing current position, grade, promotion potential, and duty location; AND a copy of your most recent performance appraisal.) \- Required, if applicable: Veterans' Preference documentation. See Required Veterans' Preference Documentation below. Please note, if you are entitled to Veterans' Preference, you must indicate the type of preference you are claiming in your application, check the appropriate box in the assessment questionnaire to indicate your preference, and submit the required documentation as specified below. Required Veterans' Preference Documentation: In order to verify your Veterans' Preference entitlement, you must submit a copy of the Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty); or if you are a current Active Duty member you must submit a certification on appropriate military branch letterhead that indicates: 1) your service dates, 2) expected discharge or release date from active duty with a release/discharge date no later than 120 days from the closing date of this announcement, and 3) the character of service (e.g., Honorable); or other official documentation (e.g., documentation of receipt of a campaign badge or expeditionary medal) that shows your military service was performed under honorable conditions. In addition, if you are a disabled veteran, a Purple Heart recipient, or widow/widower if a veteran, the spouse of a disabled veteran or the parent of a disabled or deceased veteran, you must submit a Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference" dated October 2013 and all the required documentation identified on the reverse side of the SF-15 to support your preference claim. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.