Overview MOTIVATED…..make IT happen! About Us: Sentinel delivers solutions that can efficiently address a range of IT needs – from communications, to data center, to cloud and managed services, which includes our staffing solutions. Since 1982, Sentinel has grown from providing technology maintenance services to our current standing as one of the leading IT services and solutions provider in the US. We have aligned with many of today’s global technology leaders including Cisco, Microsoft, Vmware, Dell/EMC, and NetApp. Sentinel services customers both nationally and internationally with primary support operating centers in Chicago, Downers Grove (HQ), and Springfield, IL; Phoenix, AZ.; Ann Arbor, Lansing, and Grand Rapids, MI; Milwaukee, WI; Denver, CO; Atlanta, GA. If you are MOTIVATED… you can make IT happen at Sentinel. Our commitment to our employees is to create a work environment that encourages creativity, an entrepreneurial spirit, fosters growth through certification and hands-on training, values a team-oriented culture and rewards based on impact! If you are Motivated you can join our team and make IT happen! Learn more at www.sentinel.com/careers. Responsibilities Network Engineer Intern Sentinel is seeking candidates for an internship within our organization. As an Intern Integration and support Engineer you will be joining a team of like engineers to learn complex LAN/WAN route/switch/data center/ virtualization and cloud implementation and support techniques. You will be learning to support highly scalable solutions designed in Microsoft, CISCO, VMware, EMC and NetApp. You will have the opportunity to learn some of the most innovative technologies in the integration and support field. This internship program is designed to accelerate a recent or future graduate with a degree in Networking, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering from basic skills into hands on practical application implementing LAN/WAN route/switch/ data center/ virtualization and cloud implementations for our clients. This position is located in Tempe, Arizona. Qualifications Major in Computer or Networking field; Computer Science, electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering Management Information Systems Demonstrated hands on implementation/troubleshooting of networking concepts Any hands on experience implementing Cisco, EMC, NetApp, or Microsoft technologies helpful not required Ability to work independently or as a team The candidate must have a car, as this position requires travel between location and the transportation of equipment A valid driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance will be required Legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Must be currently working in a similar position Must demonstrate a “can-do” attitude We focus on candidates that display our “ACE” factor – Attitude, Compassion, and Enthusiasm to deliver quality solutions with exceptional customer service. What you get: We offer an energetic work environment with many corporate culture amenities, competitive pay rate, employer portion of Soc. Security/Medicare paid, medical benefits, 401K retirement savings, discounts for local event entertainment and health clubs. As part of Sentinel's employment process, candidates will be required to complete a background check. Only those who meet the minimum requirements will be contacted. No phone calls please. Sentinel is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, genetics, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance in applying for a position, please contact SentinelHR@sentinel.com.