Why This Role Is Important In partnership with AI2 leadership, the HR Director is responsible for creating, developing and executing programs that enhance the employment experience of a talented team pursuing an extraordinary set of scientific and engineering challenges. This role will share in the ultimate responsibility for creating a great place to work. Relying on prior HR leadership, experience and demonstrated success in developing and implementing HR strategies, you and your team will contribute to creative, strategic and functional solutions that will influence outcomes aligned with organizational objectives. What Youll Be Doing Reporting into the COO and working with Senior Leaders, this individual develops HR strategies and implements HR practices that contribute to organizational advancement. This role is both strategic and tactical. Provide leadership, direction, and counsel in all of the disciplines of Human Resources (e.g., recruitment & selection, compensation, benefits, organizational development, learning & development, performance management, and employee relations). Advocate a vision to help lead AI2 to being World Class in its HR function. Serve as a resource to managers and employees on employee relations issues. Provide advice, counsel and support in resolving issues, disputes and other sensitive matters. Deliver effective guidance, coaching and constructive feedback to all levels of management regarding department goals and objectives. Participate in department reviews and partner with the business leaders on measuring and evaluating performance in areas of focus. Communicate effectively at all levels of the organization with the ability to influence appropriately. Consult with partner groups to assist in defining and developing comprehensive HR strategies and programs that address the areas of talent management, employee development, diversity, training, employee relations, and compensation. Develop, implement, interpret, and ensure consistent application of HR strategies, guidelines, policies and programs. Ensure flawless, timely, and consistent delivery. Ensure compliance with all Federal, state and local statutes involving employment. Create and implement internal standards for continual improvement of the efficiency and effectiveness of the HR function. Maintain current knowledge and understanding of regulations, industry trends, current practices, new developments, and applicable laws regarding human resources. Formally and informally, deliver training to managers and employees on various HR policies, processes (e.g. labor law, HR Guidelines, interview training, etc.). Research and consult on compensation philosophies for the technology organization, as well as specific enhancements to our compensation and total rewards policies, programs and practices that aide in our efforts to attract and retain employees. Participate in wage and salary surveys and oversee competitive general population and executive corporate compensation program. Engage with Vulcan HR partners as needed. Manage the budget and other financial measures of the HR department. Demonstrate honesty, responsibility, integrity and fulfillment of commitments. Other duties may be assigned. Management Responsibilities: Responsible for hiring, coaching, developing and managing performance of one or more employees in accordance with the policies and practices of the organization. What youll come with: Thorough knowledge of human resources practices, procedures and laws & regulations. Strong background in HR compliance and a desire to get the little things right. A vision for what it means to be a World Class HR organization. Excellent project management skills with a proven ability to design and implement people strategy that drives business results. Ability to adjust rapidly to new strategies and approaches for building support in a fast-moving environment. Excellent presentation and facilitation skills: polished, concise, catered messages to different audiences Effective persuasion and influencing skills as well as strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to build strong relationships with leaders at all levels to obtain successful outcomes and move the business forward Must be able to communicate in a professional demeanor with the ability to interface and interact with a diverse group across all levels of the organization. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. High integrity, strong interpersonal, collaboration, and teamwork skills. Ability to handle stress and stay organized, focused, even-tempered and congenial when faced with multiple deadlines. Preference given to applicants with experience in the technology and/or start- up space. Education/Certifications: Bachelors degree (B.A. or B.S.) from accredited institution and 12+ years relevant experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience. SPHR or PHR certification. Work Environment & Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to sit, stand and walk. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms. About Us The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen and headed by Professor Oren Etzioni. The core mission of AI2 is to contribute to humanity through high- impact research in artificial intelligence. Why AI2 In addition to AI2s core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through how we treat each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are: We are a learning organization because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is a place where you will have opportunities to continue learning right alongside us; We value diversity we seek people of all genders, ethnicities, ages, and levels of experience. We particularly welcome applications from women, people of color, members of the LGBTQ communities, and people with disabilities. We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered. We emphasize a healthy work/life balance we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their work/life balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We are collaborative and transparent we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures; We are in Seattle and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door; We are friendly chances are you will like every one of the 85+ (and growing!) people who work here. We do! AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hr@allenai.org or you may call us at 206-548-5600.