User Acquisition Data Analyst You are a sharp, disciplined individual who has a passion for mobile games. Your experience helps to demonstrate your superior quantitative analytical skill and a scientific thought process. Your expertise paves the way for working with our UA team to optimize our performance marketing. Sound like a match? Kabam Vancouver is looking for a User Acquisition Data Analyst to join us in delivering titles such as Marvel Contest of Champions and the recently released Transformers: Forged to Fight. We don’t just make games, we play and love them too. You will contribute by: Providing support to the UA team to understand overall business goals, improve reporting, and assist with larger scale projects Finding answers to business questions via hands-on exploration of data sets using SQL, dashboards, statistical analysis, and data visualizations Generating and maintaining a suite of dashboards and reports for our user acquisition team Creating and managing multiple A/B tests to gain valuable insights on KPIs including retention, acquisition, and monetization Measuring the success of UA campaigns and optimizing their performance through rapid, data-driven iteration Aiding in task prioritization and general project management within the UA team At Kabam, we’re constantly raising the bar of excellence in free-to-play mobile gaming. We hire for passion and diversity so that together as a team we can triumph in our collective skill. Our teams are made up of a fusion of personalities and interests bound together by a collaborative nature, fun- loving culture and drive to do what it takes to make great games. And that’s where you come in… Your background includes: 3+ years of industry data analysis experience, with solid knowledge of statistical methods Bachelor’s Degree, preferably in a STEM discipline Expert SQL skills and experience querying very large data sets Proven ability to thrive using multiple mixed, varied, and inconsistent data sources Fundamental knowledge of project management methodologies Comfort presenting complicated material to diverse audiences To take things a level up, it would be nice to have: Experience with Google BigQuery, Tableau, JIRA and/or other project management software Experience working for a social or mobile game developer Experience working in the performance ad space Understanding of game design concepts and principles Master’s Degree Joining a team of highly-motivated individuals inquisitive spirits who are always searching for the answers to hard questions. With an inquisitive spirit, you will provide meaningful insights into how Kabam’s games operate and contribute to setting them up for continued success. Excited by this opportunity? We invite you to apply and start the conversation with us. Together, we can create some of the best games ever made.