Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. Convoy offers the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through its network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Shippers get instant quotes, real- time GPS tracking on all shipments, and actionable business analytics to improve their supply chain. Trucking companies get access to free tools and resources that allow them to find loads they want, drive fuller trucks, and get paid quickly. Convoy is growing quickly and hiring in every area. Come join a company that is literally moving the world forward! Founded in 2015, Convoy is backed by this century's leading disruptors, including the founders and CEOs of Amazon, Salesforce, eBay, Linkedin, Expedia, Dropbox, KKR, Starbucks, and others. About You You are a motivated and data-driven Operations Manager with strong technical skills, analytical and communicational capabilities. You runs towards challenges and love simplifying complex processes. As an early member of a growing team, you will demonstrate the ability to excel in a dynamic work environment and work in partnership with our Operations, Demand, and Product teams to optimize all stages of appointment setting in the freight industry. This is a high visibility opportunity to define the way Convoy optimizes and innovates appointment setting using your analysis, technical skills, and business acumen. As a key member of the Appointment Operations team at Convoy, you’ll play an integral role in optimizing appointment setting, positively influencing marketplace strength, and setting the roadmap for the future of the team. You'll bring the enthusiasm and aptitude necessary to get the job done! You will take ownership of: Developing accurate, metric-driven analysis to optimize appointment setting process Continuous improvement and innovation of both internal and external customer experience, quality, efficiency, and cost metrics Contribute to strategy and prioritization on Product for both internal and external appointment tools You have the following skills and experience: Excel at managing multiple, competing priorities and maintaining high attention to detail Ability to work in a fast-paced, changing environment with a focus on innovation Proven technical skills (Excel, SQL) and able to communicate data in a clear, coherent way to various audiences Mastery of ability to see ahead and execute on strong plan of action Strong preference for appointment experience in the freight industry Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we are actively seeking a diverse team. If you're a collaborative team player who wants to have an outsized impact with a small, tight-knit team, we'd love to hear from you!