At Weight Watchers, we inspire and guide the healthier choices that transform lives. We meet our members where they are and leverage the latest nutritional and behavioral science to help them eat healthier, move more, and shift their mindset. We are a purpose-driven organization and we understand how to create community and deliver personalized services to help our members throughout every step of their journey. We have more than 50 years of history and trust to build on, and we are leveraging technology, community, and behavior science to help more people around the world reach their goals. Our approach is science-based and evidence proven to help people lose weight and develop healthy habits to live life fully. If being part of a purpose-driven, member- focused, high-performing digital culture sounds exciting to you, we invite you to explore our open positions. Collecting data from many unique sources we are strongly positioned to derive deep knowledge on our member’s behaviors. Using this data we can provide improved & personalized experiences for users as well as providing insights to the executive team that will drive the evolution of our company. To help us achieve our goals, we are seeking Data Engineers to join our team. Description Uniquely positioned to lead the way in the exciting HealthTech industry, Weight Watchers is rebuilding most of our core experiences and embracing modern engineering practices and techniques. Collecting data from many unique sources we are strongly positioned to derive deep knowledge on our member’s behaviors. Using this data we can provide improved & personalized experiences for users as well as providing insights to the executive team that will drive the evolution of our company. As we rebuild many of our core experiences, we are seeking talented people who are excited to join our team. This is a rare opportunity to join a company embracing a modern Technology culture, where you will have the ability to improve people’s lives in a very meaningful way and have a major impact on Weight Watchers offerings to our members. As reliance on health and wellness awareness increases, you can be part of the team that is leading the way. To help us achieve our goals, we are seeking Data Engineers to join our team. Some of the opportunities this role has to offer include: Work closely with our data scientists to help build complex algorithms that provide unique insights into our data. Build data pipelines that clean, transform and aggregate data from many different sources. Develop models that can be used to make predictions. Build complex functions that answer questions for the business. Model data at rest and enable powerful data analysis. Enable machine learning, natural language processing and other data science methods within Weight Watchers. Work with engineers across the organization to identify data quality issues in source systems and help keep the data clean. Provide solutions that help share data with the enterprise. Be an advocate for best practices and continued learning. You should have: Experience with a Cloud Data Platform such as GCP or AWS If GCP: Big Query, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Dataproc, Pub/Sub If AWS: Redshift, EMR, Datapipeline, RDS, Lambda ,and Kinesis. Experience programming in Scala, Python, or Java. Experience building data pipelines using Apache Beam or Apache Spark. Experience with some of the following data stores: Big Query, Redshift, Postgres, Cassandra, or Mongo. It would be great if you also have: Experience with real time streaming solutions such as Kinesis, Pub/Sub, or Kafka. Large scale Data Modeling from a Modern Big Data perspective. Experience producing and consuming event driven data. Experience working on a data team building functions, models and complex algorithms. We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: The opportunity to work with some of the best innovators in the industry. Generous healthcare coverage. 401(K) with company match. Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.