You joined the financial services industry to make a difference in the lives of your clients through comprehensive, needs-based financial planning. We believe your ability to foster positive relationships is as instinctive as your real passion for success. Come join a company dedicated to the financial well-being of its customers. At Fidelity, we give you the tools so you can build your future. The Expertise We’re Looking For FINRA Series 7 & 63 required prior to hire Series 65 and/or 66 and state registrations required within 3 months of hire A CFP is preferred; if you don’t already have your CFP, our Tuition Reimbursement program can help you with classes to obtain it The Purpose of Your Role You will develop financial plans customized to the needs of Fidelity’s mass affluent investors through a wide range of products and services. You will be prospecting from existing business and warm leads, allowing your focus to remain where it matters the most: cultivating relationships and providing investment solutions. The Skills You Bring In a team-based, sales environment you take initiative and exceed expectations. You have a deep understanding of various investment products, and are able to educate customers on the values and differences of each Incomparable consultative selling and organizational skills The Value You Deliver Providing needs-based mentorship to mass affluent customers, and contributing to the long-term growth and retention of Fidelity assets With our open architecture, you offer a wide broad range of financial products and services Effectively engaging clients through personal interactions, reflecting your interpersonal communication and relationship building skills How Your Work Impacts the Organization Working in our Investor Center, you will offer mentorship and personalized financial planning to customers in a face to face setting, and help to extend the reach of Fidelity’s brand. Fidelity has an open architecture, allowing you to provide comprehensive and complex investment solutions. At Fidelity, you’ll have the support of a well-rounded team of professionals, full access to some of the best resources and tools in the industry, and a top compensation package with extraordinary benefits. While you form relationships here, you will also be building your career! Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com _Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer._