The Minnesota Judicial Branch is searching for a Court Operations Analyst I in our Court Services Division; a mobility position or a full-time temporary position to assist with the statewide Harassment Restraining Order Project. This position will serve as the Subject Matter Expert and will provide technical expertise on requirements, business processes and practices for Harassment Restraining Order cases for the Minnesota Trial Courts. The position will assist the project team with external partner agencies for the project as it relates to court business operations and MNCIS and other related systems. The duration of this temporary position will be 18 months. The position will be located at MJC; or consideration will be given to working remote and reporting to MJC on an "as needed" basis. Travel will be required to on-site locations as this position learns current statewide business processes to inform the development of a process to deliver case information to the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension (BCA) and then relayed to the National Crime Information Center (NCIC). Example of Duties Serves as a subject matter expert for harassment restraining order court case types and assists the project team and workgroups to provide subject matter expertise that will promote optimal business practices for the trial courts and justice partners directly impacted by the project. An example of a criminal justice partner is the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension. Provides support to project team members for meetings and communications with justice partners. Promotes and supports the recommended business process improvements with judicial officers, court staff, and external justice partners. Identify and resolve project issues by collaborating with court staff, the project team and justice partner workgroups. Provides subject matter expertise that will determine the optimum process to deliver harassment restraining order case information to NCIC. Research the business process used to send or receive case information through the court's subscription services and the court's integrations with justice partners and provide recommendations to improve the exchange of information. Work includes comparing the research results with standards and guidelines and developing recommendations to improve system operations to ensure optimal public safety. Collaborate with training professionals on a training plan and curriculum development for court personnel and justice partners. Typical Qualifications Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of the theory, principles, and practices of business process mapping and workflows. Knowledge of the process followed by courts in the administration of justice a plus, but not required. Some knowledge of project research, planning, implementation, and evaluation techniques. Ability to provide support to workgroups and committees. Knowledge of hardware and software used in most business environments. Experience working with the MNCIS case management system or other person-based applications a plus, but not required. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with team members, justice partners, and members of the general public. Ability to independently create, edit, and explain business process maps. Successful candidate will be required to pass a criminal background check. Qualifications: Any combination of training and work experience which indicates possession of the knowledge, abilities and skills listed above. An example of an acceptable qualification for this position is: A bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in political science, public affairs, criminal justice, sociology, or a closely related field. Extensive experience in Court Administration may be considered in lieu of a degree, provided the knowledge, skills, and abilities noted above are met. Supplemental Information SALARY RANGE & BENEFITS : $25.72 - $39.83 per hour or $53,703 - $83,165 annually. Starting salary depending upon qualifications. Excellent State of MN benefits package. For benefit information visit https://mn.gov/mmb/segip/ APPLICATION DEADLINE: August 20, 2018; 11:59pm TO APPLY : Apply online at www.mncourts.gov. If you have any questions, call 651-205-4439. Minnesota Judicial Branch 25 Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd St. Paul, MN 55155 EOE