The Consumer and Community Banking (CCB) Technology organization is looking for a Technology Transformation Project Manager. Responsibilities for the role include: Managing planning and execution for technology transformation programs for the CCB Line of Business Managing multiple simultaneous technology projects and stakeholders running across one or multiple Lines of Business targeted at achieving overall business goals Leading technology projects or programs from initiation through implementation which include multiple software development methods Accountable for managing high cost budgets that for assigned projects and programs Monitoring project or program progress and adjusts resources and priorities Requirements include: Demonstrated and extensive experience managing multiple simultaneous technology projects and technology transformation programs Experience with Project Task Estimation, Resource Scheduling & Risk and Issue Management Experience with the Agile methodology preferred Strong Critical Thinking skills (anticipates problems and establishes methods to mitigate project/program risks) Experience with ServiceNow Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. It's time to take your career to the next level, and we can help. Apply today.