Under Armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes... and the athletes of tomorrow. We're about performance - in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. Whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, Under Armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand. That demand has created an environment of growth. An environment where building a great team is vital. An environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the Brand is commonplace. The world's hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: Protect This House... I Will. Our goal is to Build A Great Team! WILL YOU…PROTECT THIS HOUSE?! Under Armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes… and the athletes of tomorrow. We’re about performance – in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. Whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, Under Armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand. That demand has created an environment of growth. An environment where building a great team is vital. An environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the Brand is commonplace. The world’s hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: Protect This House… I Will. Our goal is to Build a Great Team! WILL YOU…PROTECT THIS HOUSE?! ABOUT UACF (UNDER ARMOUR CONNECTED FITNESS): UACF is the leader in Connected Fitness – the world’s largest digital health and fitness community with the following flagship consumer brands – MapMyFitness, MyFitnessPal and Endomondo. Among the most popular apps on iOS and Android, these apps and websites provide interactive tools to make fitness and nutrition social, simple and rewarding. In addition, they continue to drive rapid growth and user adoption, with over 200 million downloads across the UACF network. UACF’s mission is to make all athletes better through passion, design and the relentless pursuit of innovation. We are enabling our users’ journey to achieving their health and wellness goals for millions of users around the world. ABOUT UACF MEDIA TEAM: UACF uses our best-in-class audience to connect brands before, during and after every workout, every accomplishment and every win. We believe that advertising – when done well with the right audience – can greatly enhance the user experience and generate a positive brand association for our advertising partners. UACF offers advertisers a rich array of innovative advertising solutions to engage with the most active, health-conscious market in the world. This position is located in the UACF Austin, TX office. ANALYST, DIGITAL MEDIA: The Digital Media Analyst will be responsible for supporting Revenue forecasting, operational metrics and reporting, and analysis to help shape media strategy. This includes but is not limited to the weekly creation of reports/presentations for senior leadership, working with managers to identify key business questions and structuring the appropriate analysis, identifying and implementing new analytics tools and packages as needed, analyzing market and competitors to help shape the digital media strategy. Having expertise with MS Excel is a must, while experience with data query and sales team automation tools will provide a strong foundation for success. Further, this role will work closely with the Salesforce & Marketing automation team, and Media Leadership team to ensure that critical sales and marketing information is surfaced appropriately and accurately. Responsibilities: Providing analytical support to Digital Media business, including Weekly media revenue forecasting Internal data analysis on business operations and drivers of performance Financial modeling on revenue growth and investments Scenario modeling Surface key business questions and conduct structured analysis to identify initiatives to drive growth Develop, create and support customized reports and dashboards Ensure the accuracy and reliability of all reports, dashboards and underlying data Analyzing market, competitor, and consumer research to support strategy refinement Identify tools and technology to improve analytical teams capabilities Build strong cross functional relationships with the UACF Media leadership team Skills Required: Must be adaptive, flexible and able to function effectively in a high-growth environment High integrity and the ability to communicate effectively with client, team, and partners Bachelor’s Degree in related field with a minimum 2+ years' experience in Analytics, Management Consulting, Strategic Planning, Investment Banking, Private Equity Expertise with MS Excel and PowerPoint (Preferred) Experience with data query and visualization tools (e.g., SQL, Tableau) (Preferred) Experience in a high growth media sales environment and salesforce automation tools (e.g., Salesforce) Must be professionally curious, ambitious and a fast learner Must have strong attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple projects and competing priorities Must have a team first mentality and strong desire to work collaboratively _At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool._