Job Description AWS Networking Analysis and Visualization analyzes one of the largest networking infrastructures in the world. We are responsible for collecting, analyzing and presenting the metrics needed to make intelligent choices about how to operate a network. We highlight trends and outliers for our fleet health and performance, our operational response, and any customer impact. This guides the direction of AWS Networking, helps everyone better understand the environment they operate in. Amazon is a data-driven company, and we make sure people have access to the correct data, and present it in such a way that they are sure to understand it. We work closely with stakeholders to understand the questions and concerns they have, and how best to answer them. Amazon Web Services is looking for smart candidates that can extract value from untapped data. We are looking for candidates with a passion for metrics, unfettered curiosity and a demonstrated ability to dive deep. Amazon’s complex and rapidly growing network generates a constant stream of challenges that requires you to continually innovate with an evolving set technologies. A successful candidate will be comfortable working with a broad range of data sources and presentation mediums. It is essential that they understand automating analyses and tailoring metrics so that they're understandable to the audience. As a team we proactively support knowledge-sharing and as leaders of data science at AWS, we embrace opportunities to teach company-wide. Since every business at Amazon relies on a network that runs smoothly, the right candidate will guide the business and communicate value, work collaboratively to develop pragmatic yet flexible solutions and move forward in the face ambiguity. The candidate should be willing to build good working relationships with partners with data problems within the team and across AWS. Key Responsibilities: Identify, extract, and transform both structured and unstructured data collected from internal tools and systems Promote best practices in creating storage solutions, persistence layers and presentation models Communicate with customers to ensure data is correctly understood and actionable Communicate with software teams and tool developers to expand and improve data collection Work with AWS leadership to present key findings from analyses to stakeholders Provide input on how best to measure the impact and progress of ongoing efforts _Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Vet_ Visit www.amazon.jobs for more information Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business, related field or equivalent working experience 2+ Experience in using SQL to analyze data in a database or data warehouse and be able to use a major programming (e.g. Java/C) and/or a scripting language (Perl, Unix shell) to process data for modeling Experience working with a wide range of predictive and decision models and data mining techniques, as well as tools for developing such models Preferred Qualifications Comfortable working in a Linux environment Exposure to advanced analytic tools (such as R, SAS, Matlab) Exposure to dataframe frameworks (Pandas, Julia) Ability to automate reporting and present in a rich web environment (Javascript, matplotlib, ggplot2, Flask, Django) Experience solving map-reduce style problems (Hadoop, Hive, Impala, Spark, Presto, AWS Glue) Ability to work autonomously, and balance and prioritize multiple requests with high attention to detail. Writing code as part of a team, with code reviews, testing, deployment and documentation Demonstrated ability to influence and develop productive working relationships with resources and dependent teams Some familiarity with Networking Operations Knowledge of AWS products and services Experience with transforming and enriching raw data to meet customer requirements Excellent verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including ability to succinctly summarize key findings and effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.