About the team We’re building a customer facing platform that helps shoppers connect and collaborate with agents to buy a home. As a part of this goal, we’re also developing a platform to learn more about shoppers and their relationships. We're looking for creative and experienced full stack software engineers to design, build, and scale our platform. You will partner closely with product, data science, and machine learning teams to create new product experiences, distributed services, and APIs for serving our customers. The Agent Relationship team is an outstanding place to build, learn, and experiment. From a technology perspective, you'll work with include: Java, Python, React, Redux, and AWS technologies like DynamoDB, Lambda, and much more. About the role We believe everyone who wants to purchase a home deserves to collaborate with one of the best real estate agents in the industry. The Agent Relationships team has already transformed the way we identify and understand what it means to be a phenomenal agent for home shoppers. Are you ready to build the software that powers this revolution for millions of people? We'd love to hear from you if: You love building across the stack: frontend, services, data or infrastructure. What gets you most excited is learning, creating something end-to-end and solving whatever problem needs to be solved You can lead technical architecture discussions from early exploration of ideas to deciding on a concrete path forward You take pride in building and running secure, reliable, and performant distributed services to support customers all over the world You have deep experience building both stateless and stateful backend services in the cloud; our service stack runs on AWS and uses technologies like Lambda and DynamoDB to enable rapid deployment and iteration You’re excited to mentor other team members and teach them what you’ve learned about running services in production at scale You thrive in an environment that believes that prototypes speak louder than specs You want to create standard methodologies influencing not only our team, but all of Zillow and raise the bar for testing standards, code quality, and maintainability We are growing rapidly, and high availability and performance are crucial for success. This is a tremendous opportunity to lead building things the right way on a team that believes deeply in operational excellence. Come join us. Who you are BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 4+ years of software development experience Experience in Java, C/C++ or Python Experience in front-end technologies (JS, HTML, CSS) Experience working with frameworks like React, Angular, or YUI Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._