Position Description The Ally IT team is looking for an outstanding Director of IT Storage Operations. This individual is responsible for ensuring all data storage solutions function at world class performance through disciplined daily operational procedures, capacity planning, performance analysis, contingency planning and hardware refresh strategies. The role defines common practices, techniques, tools and principles for the daily execution of IT operational processes. Ally IT processes are based on the ITIL framework defined by an IT Service Management (ITSM) staff. The role of IT Storage Operations is to align daily activities to these processes increasing compliance and effectiveness. The role also oversees and tracks progress on operational activities involving storage array patching, preventative maintenance, assurance of IT standards compliance and impromptu environment enhancement assignments. This role maintains a relationship with all IT disciplines at Ally to continually drive improvements in practices and procedures used by IT operations teams. The ITSM staff is a key contributor to the scope and activities of IT Infrastructure Operations Management. As processes adapt to ever changing regulatory and audit requirements, this role must ensure practices and procedures evolve respectively. Cloud Automation & Engineering create new systems with increased automation further affecting the operational routines. The use of DevOps tools and techniques is advancing quickly at Ally requiring new skills and training across all IT teams. IT Security controls evolve in response to new threat vectors increasing the daily vigilance expected from system administrators and monitoring teams. The Director plays a critical role in defining the organizational structure of the IT infrastructure operational teams. This role participates in organization planning, leads the development of training curriculums, collaborates with peers on succession tracks and recruiting new talent. The skillset of IT operations teams is rapidly changing from routine execution of command line functions to developers of automated actions designed to reduce downtime and eliminating unplanned outages. Aligning the requirements for identifying future talent with evolving technologies and operational principles is key to this role. This individual is responsible for overseeing the activities of IT Storage Operations including: maintenance release planning, event communications, production system readiness, access management attestation, audits, management reports, etc. The actionable responsibilities remain with the technical delivery teams with this role providing the proper tracking structure that ensure senior leadership is aware of progress, risks and issues. This may require the implementation of new tools and processes to create a fully collaborative work experience that determines conflict and constraints through a data driven model. The role is responsible to collaborate with peers on routine operational metric reporting of key process indicators (KPI) enabling senior leadership with data for tactical action and strategic planning. Operational reporting must illustrate staffing efficiencies or constraints, environment stability or failure points, capacity forecasts or overconsumption, process strengths or weaknesses, etc. This effort is highly collaborative across multiple teams, however, this role will drive the standard reporting requirements to present a concise, common view of the IT infrastructure landscape to senior leadership. The Director role is expected to expand the current IT Storage Operations team consisting of five (5) engineers to a comprehensive team of storage engineers and analysts providing 24x7 support executing daily routines, responding to unplanned incidents, coordinate action plans and on call rotation. Performance Expectations The role works across all functional areas of the company to reproduce and resolve customer issues, achieving high levels of customer satisfaction. The right candidate will be an empowered self-starter, familiar with working in a fast pace environment. The position will have the responsibility of working with customers, technical support teams, development teams, and technology infrastructure teams. Job Responsibilities Set priorities and validate services are delivered in a timely and efficient manner according to Ally IT policies and standards. Ensure all activities are managed per Ally IT methodology and processes Establish incident response and break-fix triage process storage related issues Partner with application owners to develop storage strategy Direct storage operations engineers and analysts in their scope of work Conduct analysis and provide suggestions to improve the delivery of services by the team Develop engineering and operational service metrics with actionable plans to improve operational efficiency, enhance service quality/SLA, and optimize delivery Provide knowledge, expertise and coordinate business application activities leveraging the following storage arrays: EMC VMAX3 Symmetric EMC Isilon NAS EMC Xtreme IO EMC VNX EMC Centera Archive EMC Data Domain Oracle ZFS NAS Coordinate staff planning for executing disaster recovery procedures Execute and provide feedback for operational policies, procedure, processes and standards Validate compliance to infrastructure security standards Execute and improve vulnerability and resiliency management strategies, including: patching, reboots, infrastructure testing, and other proactive maintenance tasks Monitor infrastructure capacity and performance Lead application severity incident to quick technical resolution Partner with key vendor providers to escalate and troubleshoot severity issues Ensure runbooks are in place that define day-to-day support, maintenance, troubleshooting knowledgebase of the infrastructure. Provide mentorship and leadership to emerging talent within the infrastructure technology (in the form of cross training, workshops, and knowledge sharing). Service Delivery Management, escalate performance issues Review and track root cause analysis and preventative action items Manage, communicate, and deliver all steady state issues to business Review and approve steady state SLA metrics Identify and drive ITIL process improvement Review and present operational metrics explaining business impact and risk Execute transition to sustain process Ensure SOX access control and enterprise access control activities executed per policy Assign workload to team and guide the team in resolving day to day technical issues Security Vulnerability Remediation Oversee end to end availability of all application and infrastructure components Act as single point of contact for Ally IT Process Owners Educate and mentor business communities in the use of appropriate IT operations methodologies. Qualifications Essential Skills Solid understanding of technology Practical application of technical methods and procedures Experience in complex multi-team delivery models Correlate environment conditions and metrics to application events Negotiation and conflict resolution skills Financial Services or auto finance experience Budget management Competencies Analytical thinking/decision making Sense of responsibility for the provision of stable systems to business customers Effective time management and ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities Effective conflict management - able to balance business "demands" with practicality Confident, Self-starter - demonstrates initiative and influence Utilizes business and technology skills effectively Personal Integrity Open communication / listening Team orientation Minimum Requirements Experience with ITIL best practices with Incident, Problem, Release, and Change Management Experience in a similar operations role and deep knowledge of associated processes Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent stakeholder management - fair in dealings with vendors and business customers Experience working with customers and on support cases Bachelor of Science in a related field (e.g. Computer Science or Information Systems) Ally Overview Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering financial products for consumers, businesses, automotive dealers and corporate clients. Ally's legacy dates back to 1919, and the company was redesigned in 2009 with a distinctive brand, innovative approach and relentless focus on its customers. Ally has an award-winning online bank (member FDIC), one of the largest full service auto finance operations in the country, a complementary auto-focused insurance business, a growing digital wealth management and online brokerage platform, and a trusted corporate finance business offering capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies. Business Unit/Enterprise Function Ally's Information Technology (IT) organization is focused on supporting and improving the position of our industry-leading business franchises through cost effective, innovative IT solutions, as well as overseeing critical functions that enable the day-to-day operations of the entire Ally Financial enterprise. IT is also responsible for the administration and execution of information protection, disaster recovery and IT risk management. Total Rewards Information Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and pay-for- performance incentives (bonuses) based on achieving personal and company goals. Plus, we have a flexible paid-time-off program including time off for volunteer opportunities. Ally's Total Rewards Program is designed to enrich your life at work - and outside of it and includes: Industry-leading 401K retirement savings plan with matching and company contributions Wellness program encouraging healthy living with financial rewards Flexible health insurance options including dental and vision Pre-tax Health Savings Account with generous employer contributions Pre-tax commuter benefits Other work-life integration benefits including parental and caregiver leave, adoption assistance, backup child and adult/elder day care program, child care discounts, tuition reimbursement, LifeMatters® Employee Assistance Program, subsidized and discounted Weight Watchers® program and other employee discount programs Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law. LI-RS1