Overview Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients’ lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs. We are continuing to expand our commercial product portfolio and our research and development pipeline in therapeutic areas that can leverage our unique expertise. Our therapeutic areas of focus include sleep and hematology/oncology – areas in which we have a deep understanding of the patient journey and a suite of products and product candidates to address critical needs. We are looking for the best and brightest talent to join our team. If you’re looking to be a part of a company with an unwavering commitment to improving patients’ lives and being a great place to work, we hope you’ll explore our career openings and get to know Jazz Pharmaceuticals. Position Profile JOB DESCRIPTION Jazz Pharmaceuticals is seeking an experienced global trainer to support our corporate IT organization. As an IT Global trainer, you will be responsible for educating end-users on new technologies, tools, services and changes to existing useability procedures. This role will interface with all levels of management and individual contributors, and be responsible for the success of highly visible initiatives, projects and services. It will test your ability to thrive under the pressure of intense expectations, demonstrate exceptional performance, and your effectiveness as a presenter. MINDSET & ATTITUDE You are an exceptional learner-centric and passionate corporate trainer. You know what it takes to provide exceptional and impactful learning experiences to users You are resilient and flexible – you perceive false starts, changing priorities, and constructive feedback as opportunities, not setbacks. You keep the learner experience front-and-center in everything you do. You have a global mindset – you take genuine interest in other cultures, do not suffer from “HQ syndrome”, and embrace the need to operate with cultural norms and across time zones. You are action-oriented and adept at dealing with ambiguity. You are a team player: skilled at developing relationships and getting things done across levels and geographies, enthusiastically roll up your sleeves, and willing to pitch in where necessary. RESPONSIBILITIES & REQUIREMENTS Conduct technical global training sessions both instructor-led and virtual Work with SMEs on new technology and services adoption Work with outsourced service provider trainers to collaborate on services user guides and content Maintain and update existing user guidance materials (process and procecures, centralized web Maintain the Training Knowledgebase, Best Practice Tips, how to’s, and other publication sources, to aid our end users in self-help. Partner with functional areas to ascertain IT training needs and to design/revise required training programs, courses and materials as required. Assess and develop annual training plans. Liaise with external training consultants in the development/provision of training as required Develop assessment tools to evaluate the effectiveness of training programmes including feedback, effectiveness and training program assessment Develop metrics which support the Global training goals and measure the operational effectiveness of the training system Partner with SME’s to develop and maintain technical expertise on Jazz services, and take a proactive roll in identifying future training needs and requirements. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in related field Minimum of 5 years experience as a corporate trainer and training facilitation role Experience in technical training of internal IT staff, executive management, and end-users Strong organizational and project management skills - effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet tight deadlines Strong presentation and communication skills – ability to interact effectively with stakeholders and SMEs Ability to communicate innovative ideas and concepts to a variety of audiences Proficient in PowerPoint, Word, web based content repos Experience developing and delivering training for Cisco webex, Cisco videoconferencing, Windows 10 and/or Microsoft Outlook is desired Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills Communicate effectively with both internal staff and external clients Ability to work independently as well as part of a team Demonstrated ability to effectively collaborate and consult with senior leaders, business partners, internal customers, and colleagues across global cultures and time zones to drive Business results. Willingness to travel globally