Overview Are you interested in taking a growing SaaS business to a massive global scale? QuickBooks Online Ecosystem provides financial solutions to customers to run their business. We have active 3M+ subscriber base, which we are growing year after year. As such we have an incredible worldwide opportunity to provide them best in class fin-tech solutions. The Database Administration Team in Intuit’s Small Business Group is looking for a Staff engineer to help us in building a flexible architecture for deploying high throughput SaaS applications. Our team is responsible for reliability and uptime of Intuit’s core payroll product. It's the foundation of Intuit’s three billion a year and growing Small Business Ecosystem. We are currently building out software infrastructure for automating the configuration and deployment of applications on Intuit hosted data centers, as well as AWS. Responsibilities Build solutions to problems that interrupt availability, performance, and stability in our systems, services, and products at scale. Perform a wide variety of technical and administrative duties in overall systems design, development, and delivery. Manage the establishment and configuration of SaaS infrastructure in an agile way by storing infrastructure as code and employing automated configuration management tools with a goal to be able to re-provision environments at any point in time. Develop and implement instrumentation for monitoring the health and availability of database services including fault detection, alerting, triage, and recovery (automated and manual). Migrate Microsoft SQL Server DB instances to AWS Develop, improve, and thoroughly document operational practices and procedures. Drive operational cost reductions through service optimizations and demand-based auto scaling. You will work closely with the PD teams and be the DevOps voice to ensure scalability & performance becomes part of the app architecture Qualifications 10+ years of experience in diverse fields of IT specializing in SQL Database Administration in a production environment. 8+ years of SQL Server development and database administration experience with an emphasis on performance tuning and high availability for MS SQL server. 3+ years of experience in managing high traffic production database on MS SQL Server in AWS Experience in supporting web based, highly available, mission critical applications including logical and physical database design, SDLC support, performance tuning, deployment automation and monitoring. Experience reviewing, designing and developing data models in conjunction with the application development teams Strong skills in OS support, basic administration, installation, configuration and troubleshooting. Experience in common management tasks for SQL Server in AWS (Instance Classes, Storage, Provisioned IOPS, Multi AZ deployments, VPC, Security groups, Option Groups, Parameter Groups, Backup & Recovery) Experience implementing comprehensive solutions for health monitoring and alerting Excellent hands-on experience on SQL Server 2012 and exposure to SQL Server 2016 is an additional plus Expertise in best practices around high availability, automation and security on SQL server Experience in data replication is a must; knowledge of Oracle GoldenGate is big plus. Strong project management skills; able to take a goal from start to finish with little supervision Prior experience in migrating Production MS SQL Server databases from private datacenter/co-location setups to the public cloud with near zero downtime. Strong interpersonal skills: ability to effectively interact with all levels of staff and work as an effective team member 247 on-call production database support experience is a must