Job Description: The Manager, IT Risk Management will work closely with IT professionals including Architects, Solution Owners, Product Owners, Analysts, Developers and SDETs/Testers to ensure data integrity is considered throughout a project’s lifecycle and is built in to the technology ecosystem. As a Risk Management professional and leader, you will manage a team of analysts and contribute to data integrity risk identification, effective control design, QA of controls and monitoring of controls. You will maintain visibility to risk and control status and track any issues to resolution and or monitor those items that fall into the category of technical debt. You will support the IT Risk and Compliance team in all aspects of application and infrastructure design within T-Mobile’s technology environment. As a key risk advisor, you will be addressing business issues and processes that impact both current and future IT systems. This role requires the ability to work cross-functionally with IT teams and key stakeholders, utilize analytical skills in dissecting complex problems, and delivering clear recommendations to reduce risk and improve overall data integrity Responsibilities: Manage a team of 4 -5 functional analysts Provide support in the assessment, design and implementation of data integrity control requirements. Review control evidence for adherence to accuracy, completeness and effectiveness of the control as it relates to ensuring data integrity. Subject matter expertise in the areas of: Risk Identification and Risk Management Master Data Management Change Management SDLC Application Operations Help define remediation/mitigation for internally and externally identified data integrity issues and track remediation progress. Assist in the management of IT processes, controls, testing and remediation. Work with project teams, including architects, analysts, product owners and testers to ensure quality, consistency and operability of new and existing controls. Support the review of IT tools, control designs, and control remediation planning efforts. Collaborate and build long-term relationships with key stakeholders in a fast-paced and matrixed work environment. Manage multiple concurrent projects with quality and in accordance with a documented schedule that meets or exceeds customer expectations. Produce detailed timelines for each assigned project and implement effective project controls by monitoring progress and reporting status. Foster an innovative and inclusive team-oriented environment. Play an active role in seeking development opportunities. Qualifications: 7+ years’ work experience in IT Risk Management, SOX compliance, Master Data Management and/or auditing and a strong background in internal controls. 3+ years people management experience Pro-active, strategic approach to problem solving. Knowledge of current technological trends and developments in the area of Risk Management, Master Data Management, and auditing standards. Strong analytical, interpersonal, and communication skills. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with a diverse set of internal and external stakeholders, including senior leaders, business and functional representatives, and vendors / consulting partners. Ability to identify project impacting issues and work with control owners and various IT solution teams to develop and implement solutions. Strong collaboration skills and a demonstrated ability to approach technical and business solutions in a consultative manner. Industry related certification preferred (e.g. CISSP, CISA, PMP, CIA). Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Accounting, Business, Information Technology or Computer Science preferred. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.