The Data Analyst Specialist is responsible for the creation and maintenance of source to target mappings for the Data Warehouse group. They will be considered the subject matter experts for multiple source and target systems and the business rules for transforming the data for business need. The Data Analyst Specialist is responsible for understanding and applying technical skills to solve data related issues. They will have a deep understanding on how source system applications generate this data and Business uses the data for analysis, reporting, and BI. They will work closely with the Data Developers and Data Governance ensuring the quality of our products. This position requires documenting, developing, testing, and implementing solutions utilizing the standard portfolio of tools where appropriate. Works independently and integrating internal and external application logics to drive business solutions. The Data Analyst Specialist will participate and lead in the design and enhancement of the foundational data models, both logical and physical. POSITION PURPOSE Responsible for the creation and maintenance of source to target mappings for the Data Warehouse group. Serve as subject matter experts for multiple source and target systems and the business rules for transforming the data. Responsible for understanding and applying technical skills to solve data related issues. Provide a deep understanding on how the Business uses the data for analysis and the applications that generate and store the source information. Works closely with the Data Developers and Data Governance ensuring the quality of our products. Develops, tests, documents and implements solutions, utilizing the standard portfolio of tools where appropriate and integrating internal and external application logic. Participates and leads the design and enhancement of the foundational data models, both logical and physical. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Provides leadership on development projects, assignments, and highly complex analysis. Creates and maintains source to target mapping documentation. Acts as a mentor to lower level Data Analysts. Establishes and enforces standards and best practices around source to target mappings. Partners with Business Analyst and Data Governance to understand business requirements for new product development. Responsible for diagnosing and recommend remediation of complex data issues to the development team. Provides advance analysis and profiling of new and existing data sources. Leads the designs and development of custom integration where necessary. Complies with established standards and procedures related to development activities (e.g., coding standards, version control, change management, etc.). Provides analytical insight into the design and development of data marts supporting analytics, and value added processes. May be required to participate in an On-Call rotation. Works closely with the Data Developers helping to answer any design questions and ensuring quality products are delivered to our customers. Provides an in-depth understanding of source data structures and how the business uses the information. Reinforces and helps establish the vision and direction of the Data Warehouse, Analytics and Integration Organization. Initiates opportunities to learn and grow. Handles multiple demands, shifting priorities, crises and rapid change. Cultivates working relationships within the Analytics and Integration and Data Warehousing teams and with the business units that are positive, professional and collaborative. Knows, understands, incorporates and demonstrates the Trinity Health Mission, Vision and Values in leadership behaviors, practices and decisions. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws/regulations; the Trinity Health Integrity and Compliance Program and Code of Conduct; as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior. Performs other duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in healthcare or information technology and a minimum five (5) to seven (7) years of experience in information technology or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Certification in an IS technical discipline or related health care business field is desired. Extensive experience with multiple third party middleware and operating systems environments, Windows, UNIX, Linux, etc. Five (5) to Seven (7) years of working knowledge of at least one database product (Oracle, Teradata, SQl Server). Knowledge of historical data structure environments a plus. Ability to read, write and tune complex SQL statements. Working knowledge of at least one scripting language (Shell scripting, Perl, VBScript, etc.). Knowledge of healthcare nomenclature and business processes and security requirements. Strong logical and analytical thinker with attention to detail. Able to independently find root causes of problems and quickly determine efficient solutions while anticipating risks and mitigating impact. Knowledge of several healthcare applications (Cerner, Epic, Healthquest …). Ability to interact effectively across capability group boundaries. Ability to provide staff support on technical projects, assignments and analysis. Proven ability to quickly learn new applications, processes, and procedures and able to develop products with similar attributes. Ability to work in teams and with direct supervision. Must be comfortable operating in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. A personal presence which is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of Trinity Health. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS This position operates in a typical office environment. The area is well-lit, temperature-controlled and free from hazards. Incumbent communicates frequently, in person and over the telephone, with people in a number of different locations on technical issues. Manual dexterity is needed in order to operate a keyboard. Hearing is needed for extensive telephone and in person communications. The environment in which the incumbent will work requires the ability to concentrate, meet deadlines, work on several projects at the same period and adapt to interruptions. The incumbent must be capable of traveling in the course of completing project assignments. _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of_