Arizona Department of Administration _Delivering results that matter by providing best in class support services._ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. GRANT FEDERAL RESOURCES INTERN Grants and Federal Resources 100 N. 15th St., 305 Phoenix, AZ 85007 www.grants.az.gov JOB SUMMARY: The Office of Grants and Federal Resources is looking for Interns to assist the GFR team with outreach activities for several programs, including State Energy Program (SEP), Travel Reduction Program and VW Environmental Mitigation Plan implementation. Ongoing projects include participating in outreach activities, researching grant opportunities, assisting State agencies with grants policy compliance, Grant Management Manual policy research and technical writing. JOB DUTIES: Grants Management : Keeping stakeholders current with grant availability and compliance requirements; maintaining electronic grants management system; research and document processes for grant management manual and data integrity activities. Outreach activities : Assist staff with outreach activities related to GFR programs. Contribute articles to GFR newsletters. EXPECTED OUTCOME : These projects are ongoing. It is expected that the intern will assist with the successful implementation of a variety of grant-related activities as described above. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge of: Government and Public Policy Skill in: Writing Research Database Spreadsheets Customer service Candidate must be enrolled in an accredited four-year College or University with a focus in Government, Public Administration, Policy, Urban Planning or Communications SELECTIVE PREFERENCE(S): Completion of English Composition, Statistics, Government, Policy, Science and History PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Requires possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver license appropriate to the assignment. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver license record checks, required to maintain acceptable driving records and complete any required driver training (see Arizona Administrative Code R2-10-207.12). CONTACT US: If you have any questions please feel free to contact Shelia Wiggins-Wayne at [email protected] or 602-542-4769 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting 602-542-5482._ ___Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._