Recruitment for CCR positions is ongoing. This requisition serves as a candidate bank that is used to fill multiple openings. Shift Detail: Contact Center hours of operation are 6:15 AM to 8:15 PM Monday through Saturday, and 8:00 AM to 5:30 PM Sundays. CCR schedules will be 8.5 hours within the hours of operation. Position Detail: _The Contact Center offers a work-from-home program available to those who successfully complete the six-week training program, show that they can meet performance metrics, and have sign-off by their direct supervisor and department leadership. Work-from-home opportunity still includes one day in office every week for coaching, training, and meetings._ _Predictable, reliable attendance is an essential function of the UW Medicine Contact Center Representative 1 position._ Curious about what this job is really like? Take a quick view into a day in the life of a UW Medicine Contact Center Representative (CCR) by clicking here. The mission of University of Washington Medicine is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, providing outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and preparing tomorrow’s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. UW Medicine owns or operates the following: Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, a network of UW Medicine Neighborhood Clinics that provide primary care, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine, Airlift Northwest, and other owned, operated, or affiliated entities as appropriate. In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children’s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance a partnership among UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research, and Seattle Children’s. The UW Medicine Contact Center is a fast-paced environment where customer service, patient care, and accuracy are the highest priorities at all times. The UW is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. Our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. As an employee you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please view this page. The Contact Center Representative 1 (CCR) is the first point of contact for new and returning patient inbound calls into the UW Medicine Health System. The CCR will answer patient questions, direct patients within the UW Medicine system, respond to scheduling and messaging needs, and provide a consistent customer experience that represents the UW Medicine brand. The CCR 1 will handle patient appointment scheduling, pre-registration, verification of insurance eligibility, and will research patient inquiries with a high degree of diplomacy and problem-solving acumen. This position has a possibility of working from home four days per week. Major Responsibilities: Handle a high volume of calls in an inbound, fast-paced contact center. Provide superior customer service to patients, families, the general public, and co-workers by consistently demonstrating UW Medicine Service Standards. Schedule new and returning appointments in our electronic systems following scheduling guidelines. Provide complete registration and scheduling services for outpatient/clinic services as per registration standards and clinic protocol. Route calls to appropriate clinics, answering service, and/or others as appropriate. Take accurate and complete messages for clinic providers, staff and management. Serve as a liaison between customers and clinics to ensure timely, appropriate transfer of information and response to inquiries. Is a knowledgeable resource to patients/customers, striving to build patient/customer loyalty and confidence. Resolve patient requests in one call/contact or successfully manages prolonged or complex issues, with high attention to managing the customer experience and emotion. Gather information for accurate documentation of calls and enter into proper database. Verify and update necessary information at the point of scheduling. Coordinate incoming referrals to ensure all referrals are entered into the referral module in the Epic System, including prior authorization numbers when needed. Coordinate referral management with clinic staff and providers to ensure optimal access to specialty care. Coordinate with Financial Service Counselors to ensure applications for coverage are initiated prior to appointment. Complete and enter the Medicare as Secondary Payer online form accurately for all Medicare accounts, and initiate the Advanced Beneficiary Notice as appropriate. Coordinate with Interpreter Services as needed. Identify, research, and resolve patient questions and inquiries regarding the patient portal. Act as first-level technical response to questions such as password re-set, log-in issues, appointment confirmation, information in medical record looks incorrect, etc. Demonstrate in-depth knowledge of UW Medicine’s mission, vision, and service offerings. Adhere to contact center processes and workflow with an attention to continuous quality improvement. Recognize when customers are frustrated or may require education or instruction beyond the issue presented. De-escalate conflict situations with minimal supervisory assistance but recognize when a situation is beyond individual training/expertise and requires assistance. Meet or exceed contact center performance standards and measure with a focus on quality, accuracy, and timeliness. Reach and maintain incremental productivity levels within predetermined timeframes (i.e. six, nine, and 12 months). Achieve and maintain a minimum call-per-hour productivity standard. Comply with the UW Medicine risk management, compliance, and information security program requirements, including accurate and timely reporting of all adverse incidents as described in the related policies. Observe principles of data security and patient confidentiality. Maintain ethical standards in the performance of duties and in interactions with patients, co-workers and healthcare professionals. Demonstrate professional demeanor in appearance and behavior in all work-related interactions. Participate and complete the required training program including annual Safety training and all required HIPAA and Compliance training. Participate in ongoing technical, customer service, and other training to continually improve skills and stay current with changes in operations. Competitive candidates will possess the following skills : Ability to keyboard a minimum of 45 wpm with 90% accuracy. Demonstrated computer experience, preferably in a Windows-based environment. Excellent telephone and written communication skills as well as listening skills and ability to demonstrate tact and patience with callers. Ability to analyze and solve more complex problems that may require research and creative solutions and make sound decisions with limited supervision. Ability to multi-task and work with minimal supervision in a fast-paced environment. High level of skill in entering data into computer while talking with callers. Ability to maintain the highest standards of confidentiality and display professional ethical conduct. Demonstrate a process-improvement mindset and self-driven approach with a can-do attitude toward both internal and external customers. Exceptional relationship-building skills Must be very proficient in computer navigation, multi-tasking and working with several software programs at the same time REQUIREMENTS: High school graduation, or equivalent AND One (1) year of general office experience OR Experience in customer service, telephone sales or problem resolution OR Equivalent education/experience. The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.