NASA's Mission Operations for the International Space Station is located at Johnson Space Center. On Jacobs' JETS contract we provide engineering services to JSC. Come join us and be a vital part of operating the largest space station ever built We're looking for a Counter Measures (CMS) Intern. The ISS Counter Measures Engineer will provide engineering support for flight processing and delivery of NASA's ISS Countermeasures System (CMS) hardware. The CMS group contains multiple exercise equipment on the International Space Station, including the Advanced Resistive Exercise Device (capability of squats, deadlifts, bench press, cable exercises, etc.), Cycle Egometer (Exercise Bicycle), Treadmill (T2), and Heart Rate Monitors. This position offers hands on experience with hardware that will fly to the Space Station and be used by Astronauts through hardware development, testing, manufacturing and assembly, and sustainment of flight hardware. This is a temporary Fall internship position starting August 2018 - December 2018. The selected candidate for this role will: Provide engineering support for flight processing and delivery of NASA's ISS Countermeasures System (CMS) hardware. Use hands on experience with hardware that will fly to the Space Station and be used by Astronauts through hardware development, testing, manufacturing and assembly, and sustainment of flight hardware. Potentially work on Data Trending, 3D printing hardware, flight hardware processing, and hardware design. Perform other duties as required. Qualifications Required Education/Experience/Skills: Currently enrolled at an accredited university. Pursuing a degree in Aerospace or Mechanical Engineer. Experience with data analysis, CREO and CAD. Proficient in excel and macros. Completed at least 45 credit hours or 67 quarter units toward degree. Minimum of a 2.8 GPA. Preferences: Senior in college or in a masters program. Why Work for JETS? Opportunities for growth and advancement Comprehensive Medical Coverage (medical, dental, vision) 401(k) Benefits Tuition Reimbursement Much, much more! Don’t miss out on this great opportunity; for immediate consideration, apply now! ( http://www.wehavespaceforyou.com/ ). Must be a U.S. Citizen and successfully complete a U.S. government background investigation. Management has the prerogative to select at any level for which this position has been advertised. Essential Functions Work Environment Generally an office environment, but can involve inside or outside work depending on task. Physical Requirements Work may involve sitting or standing for extended periods (90% of time). May require lifting and carrying up to 10 lbs (5% of time). Equipment and Machines Standard office equipment (PC, telephone, printer, etc.). Attendance Regular attendance in accordance with established work schedule is critical. Ability to work outside normal schedule and adjust schedule to meet peak periods and surge requirements when required. Other Essential Functions Must be able to work in a team atmosphere. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation. Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others. Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Jacobs is a background screening, drug-free workplace.