Job Description: This role interacts with various teams across the organization to optimize value creation and margin for a channel segment. The Business Analysis Manager will provide investment recommendations to leadership to drive incremental value and return on investment by creating and communicating complicated analyses in a clear and concise way. This person will also help drive execution of key channel initiatives. Responsibilities: Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Perform continuous channel profitability analysis, understanding key drivers of performance (e.g. sales volumes, margin, customer retention, value creation, and return on investment). Effectively communicate performance to channel leaders, and identify risks and opportunities Partner with Channel Management, Sales, and Marketing to steer investments to drive value and margin performance in the channel Partner with channel leadership to execute key operational initiatives. Work closely with internal clients to understand business issues, and incorporate them into business and financial models Develop comprehensive financial models to aid in decision making and evaluation of initiatives, including scenarios and sensitivity analyses across a range of options. Perform post-mortem analyses to determine effectiveness of key investment decisions Create executive-level presentations and present complex analytical findings in a clear and concise manner. Possess the ability to influence leadership through fact-based analyses Demonstrate strong competency and comfort working with and analyzing large sets of data. Perform data mining as needed to support analyses and drive key insights Qualifications: 5 years of progressive experience in financial and operational analysis Strong analytical, problem solving and communication skills Proven experience with financial modeling and business case development A talent for multi-tasking, prioritizing objectives, and meeting deadlines High School Diploma/GED Quantitative concentration Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.