Business Analyst Palo alto, CA Description: The MDM/Governance team within Information Innovation Center(IIC) is looking for an experienced, customer-oriented, business- focused, and analytically-driven Business Analyst for Information Governance. Our MDM/Governance team is located in Palo Alto with team members also in Bangalore (India) and Costa Rica. The Lead Business Analyst - Information Governance will interface with executives, middle managers, individual contributors and team members across the globe. This role is based in San Jose, Costa Rica and will report to the Sr. Director of Master Data Management and Information Governance in Palo Alto, California. Primary Responsibilities: The role will be responsible for supporting global stakeholder departments and working with teammates in Information Innovation Center and MDM IT spread across different GEO’s such as Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pacific. Because the position requires interaction with geographically-disbursed teams, the Lead Business Analyst must be a self-starter with strong self-leadership, project / program management, and analytical skills and comfortable working with distributed teams without direct management oversight. He/she must be able to drive major programs and team members in collaboration with the Master Data Management and Governance leadership team on behalf of the stakeholder community. These accountabilities will be achieved through developing high trust relationships with internal and external customers, critical data analysis, attention to detail and a customer focus. Process development and optimization, as well as deliverables management will be a focus for the role. This person must be able to lead others through influence, without direct reporting authority. Essential Functions (Tasks and Responsibilities): Lead Reference Data Management program with stakeholders from Information Governance community to develop Reference data code sets Work with IT to architect Reference master data hub that serves as a single source of truth for Reference data across VMware Lead Collibra enhancements road map to deliver incremental Collibra capabilities to manage Business metadata and data lineage Drive the usability and user experience of Collibra platform to accelerate user adoption and usage Design, manage and maintain meta model for Business metadata to describe Information assets, their ownership and lineage, and data quality expectations from consuming stakeholders Collaborate with global team members in IIC and IT to drive and deliver Governance team deliverables and capabilities as well as to drive continuous improvement Drive excellence and ensure continuous improvement in quality of deliverables; specifically, Business Requirements Documents, Business Processes, Governance Requirements, and User Acceptance Test Cases and Scenarios Help to drive improvement of business domain expertise in a) team knowledge of business stakeholder departments, and b) Information Governance as well as master data management (product and company, etc.) Define methods to measure and monitor policy adherence and data quality related to governance standards Coordinate with regional business partners to maintain business alignment (data as an enabler). Work with stakeholders, IT and the MDM team on Tier 1 projects to identify, define and gather approvals for governance needs Manage relationships with data steward resources within other teams to ensure: Governance related requests and deliverables are completed and provided in alignment with the plan Support and enforcement of data governance policies, standards and processes. Clear understanding of organizational requirements that are then managed in concert with MDM IT. MDM / Data Governance Experience and Expertise 5+ years of experience and expertise in Data / Information Governance, Data Quality best practices and related tools. Experience with Collibra strongly desired. Extensive experience with Reference Data Management and working with Reference data hubs Extensive experience with building business glossary, training individuals on policy provisions and implications, and policy implementation. 5+ years of experience in Change management, user training and adoption 5+ years of experience with industry-standard MDM and Data Governance platforms. Strong preference for SAP. 5 – 7 years’ experience in Business Analysis, Requirements Development, and solutions implementation, preferably in Master Data Management Knowledge of and experience with enterprise source systems and of systems that consume master & reference data, including CRM, ERP and Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence. Strong understanding of enterprise integration. Business Acumen Solid understanding of Software Business Sales Cycles, Marketing, Sales Models, Sales Tools, Customer Service & Support, Renewals, Channels and Alliances, Finance: FP&A;, Revenue Recognition & Accounting, Tax, New Product Introductions and Digital Supply Chain, end-to-end business processes (front-office and back-office), lifecycles of various enterprise entities (e.g., Customer, Product, Install base, Service Contracts etc.) Implementation of MDM and Information Governance capabilities to enable and support success of these business functions Ability to make logical connections between business processes, MDM capabilities and data quality standards Best regards, Raju 510.795.4800 X 159