Position Summary: Guided by MDC’s mission, vision, and values, the Program Data Analyst (PDA) takes a people-centered approach in working with staff to better understand and communicate the stories that can be told through data. The PDA skillfully uses database applications and data tools to implement high quality solutions for data collection, analysis, and reporting. All efforts in this position are in service of continual improvement at MDC so that we may get the best possible results for the people we serve. As such, it is important that the person in this position have a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion and an awareness of potential biases that can impact decisions made in the process of identifying relevant data, as well as the collection and analysis of that data. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Thoroughly learn MDC’s database application(s) and stay up-to-date on that knowledge through participation in user groups, training, etc. Continually review structure of the database application(s) to ensure it serves the purpose intended for capturing and reporting data. Periodically audit the structure of the database application(s) for quality of data and timeliness of data entry, with clear communication with managers about the results. Train staff and create a manual and/or informative materials to support users on your organization’s configuration of the database application(s). Ensure compliance reporting reflects what’s required for mandatory agency reporting. Design reports and queries or determine which standard reports best provide the necessary information to determine if the database application(s) is/are being used effectively. Maintain appropriate user access to the database application(s) Integrate the duties of the users with the needs for internal performance management reporting and external funder reporting. Along with managers, communicate this through continuous training and review. Adjust periodically if review shows breakdown in the alignment. Effectively manage continual change Create and maintain comprehensive documentation Maintain a high degree of professional standards and participates as a team player Other duties as assigned Qualifications and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in related field and/or 2 years of experience related to the design and maintenance of database applications. Extensive verbal and written communication skills Strong decision making skills Extensive understanding of time and task management Seasoned Analytical skills with strong attention to detail. Knowledge of industry best practice Understanding of Principles of Project Management Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, meet timelines, and produce high quality results. Desired Qualifications: Experience with Efforts to Outcomes (ETO) Experience with SAP Business-Objects and Crystal Reports or related technologies KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: Knowledge of database structure and design Critical-thinking and problem-solving Analytical and systems thinking Strong computer user skills Embracing Change and Managing Ambiguity