RigUp is looking for a data centric, process oriented Sales Operations Analyst to join our team. You will have your finger on the pulse of the sales organization and be responsible for making our sales teams more efficient. From process optimization to KPI monitoring you will play a critical and dynamic role in supporting a rapidly growing sales team. RigUp is the fastest growing tech startup in the oil & gas industry. If you're ready for new challenges, we'd love to hear from you. What you’ll be working on... CRM : Own the CRM (we use ProsperWorks). You are the CRM master, maintain data quality and work with the sales team to ensure information is kept up to date. Process Improvement : Constantly striving to improve sales processes and work with sales teams to remove unnecessary, burdensome tasks. Sales Metrics and Reporting : Identify trends and bottlenecks in the sales process, ensure smooth handoffs and track deals from inception to close. Forecasting : Play a key role in producing and assessing pipeline reports and analytics, taking an active role in making predictions of which deals will close. About you… Bachelor’s degree 1-3+ years of CRM administration experience required Data driven and analytical Expert in Microsoft Excel Experience working with data visualization software (Tableau preferred) Excellent communicator and team player Strong organizational and time management skills Highly detail and process oriented Inquisitive and resourceful problem solver Perks... Competitive salary 100%, company paid health insurance 401k with company match % Unlimited PTO Downtown parking plan available Annual $2,000 Vacation Stipend after 3rd work anniversary Amazing Team Sponsored Events and Outings Growing office space and dynamic, diverse company culture Room for extensive career development Our team is comprised of a diverse group of talented folks - a combination of technical talent from places like Google, IBM and RetailMeNot, long-tenured and well-networked energy veterans, and venture capital funding. We foster a fun, transparent, and collaborative environment - work is simply better when you’re enjoying what you do.