_Microsoft is a leader in design of world-class devices. Come join the dynamic Microsoft Silicon team. The team that is responsible for XBOX silicon and Hololens HPU is growing the architecture team to change the world again. We are a growing team of experienced silicon developers, working in a startup environment._ Responsibilities We are looking for a world-class Principal Silicon Architect to join our team either in Silicon Valley or Redmond, Washington. The successful candidate will be a motivated self-starter who will thrive in this highly technical environment. Your job responsibility will be an SOC Architect providing technical leadership through all phases of silicon ASIC development, but primarily focused on early specification & architecture. Work with system and software architects to define technical requirements & relevant specifications for chip development. Work with the design team & program manager to develop costing estimates, power/area targets, resource plans and schedules for the technical implementation. Drive evaluation and provide recommendations for technology, IP, and vendor selection. Support the Systems Engineering team in implementing the system design & proving product performance. Work with the team to get all documentation (specs, datasheets, programmers model etc.) required. Familiarity with storage, networking and hardware protocols e.g SATA, SAS, PCIe, I2C, SPI, USB buses, NVMe, or network acceleration a plus. GPU performance analysis, benchmarking and modeling along with GPGPU algorithm mapping desirable. Image Signal Processing and Multimedia Evaluation Desirable. Experience modeling system and chip level power or performance desirable. Experience defining performance and power verification plans desirable. Qualifications Minimum Requirements: BS/MS in Electrical or Computer Engineering. 5+ years of experience. Proven track record of successful design of IPs and SoCs. Demonstrated ability to develop detailed architecture, performance, power and cost estimates from higher level feature, function and performance requirements. Familiar with methods for partitioning a solution across hardware and software, analog and digital or other multi-disciplinary boundaries in a system solution Excellent communication skills. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.