Wish is the leading mobile commerce platform in North America and Europe. Our mission is to give everyone access to the most convenient, personalized, and entertaining shopping mall in the world. With millions of products added daily, Wish offers anyone with a smartphone access to items at incredibly affordable prices. Wish is defining and building the future of mobile shopping.The Sr. Risk data analyst will be developing and building the next generation of risk analytics to protect and grow the business. Working with engineering, finance, business development, customer service and operations, you will partner with risk data engineers/scientists to develop scores and strategies to improve approval rate, chargeback, and false positive. The ideal candidate has deep analytic skills, ability to translate complex business problems into workable projects and solve it by analytical code and algorithms. Responsibilities: Interact with data engineers/scientists to build out web scale Risk data mart, and become the subject matter expert of the internal risk data Analyze data to discover patterns and provide actionable insights Define KPIs, build dashboards and oversee all reporting and visualization of data for Risk Innovate risk analytics solutions from developing, testing, implementations, tracking, to retirement Requirements: 8 + years experience analyzing big data in an eCommerce, financial services or social media company Build risk models using statistical, machine learning, and big data tools Advanced degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics Fluency in SQL, R and Python, reporting using Looker or Tableau Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) Ability to initiate, collaborate, and drive projects across risk to completion Wish is transforming the way the world shops by offering a convenient and personalized mobile shopping experience. Our mission is to offer an unlimited selection of affordable quality goods to be accessible for everyone on a global scale. Wish selectively brings together world-class talent with a passion for connecting relevant products to the global population. Learn more about us: Intro to Wish Our CEO discusses Wish Crunchbase Recruiting Video Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at hrteam@wish.com. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.