PwC/LOS Overview PwC is a network of firms committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. We help resolve complex issues for our clients and identify opportunities. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us. At PwC, we develop leaders at all levels. The distinctive leadership framework we call the PwC Professional (http://pwc.to/pwcpro) provides our people with a road map to grow their skills and build their careers. Our approach to ongoing development shapes employees into leaders, no matter the role or job title. Are you ready to build a career in a rapidly changing world? Developing as a PwC Professional means that you will be ready to create and capture opportunities to advance your career and fulfill your potential. To learn more, visit us at www.pwc.com/careers. PwC Advisory helps our clients with their most challenging imperatives from strategy through execution. We combine the breadth of knowledge of over 48,000 global professionals with deep industry knowledge to deliver custom solutions for our clients. We work with the world's largest and most complex companies and understand the unique business issues and opportunities our clients face. Job Description Our clients are focused on improving business performance, responding quickly and effectively to crisis situations, and extracting value from transactions. Our growing Consumer Markets industry team provides strategy, management, technology and risk consulting services to help a diverse set of clients around the world anticipate and address their most complex business challenges. This industry vertical team includes​ Consumer Products, Retail, Travel & Transportation clients.​ Our IT Infrastructure consultants help clients optimize their technology infrastructure by transforming the way their infrastructure delivers capabilities and services to meet the business's strategic goals. This high performing team advises clients on all elements of their information technology infrastructure from data center technologies and cloud to IT service management. They also address areas such as infrastructure architecture, networking and end-user services, and disaster recovery. Position/Program Requirements Minimum Year(s) of Experience: 2 Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree Degree Preferred: Advanced degree Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates some knowledge in, and/or a proven record of success in a role as an individual contributor on, project engagements related to the design, configuration & deployment of Next Generation Converged Data Center Infrastructure, Unified Fabrics, Virtualization, Orchestration, Security, Cloud and Data Center solutions and implementations. Demonstrates some knowledge and/or a proven record of success in a role identifying and addressing client needs including the following: participating in client discussions and meetings; assisting in managing engagements including preparing concise, accurate documents and implementing cross data center technologies (network, compute, storage, security, application services). Demonstrates some knowledge with, and/or a proven record of success in a role, assisting team members conducting project engagements including meeting client expectations and respecting the work-life quality of team members, keeping team members and leadership informed of progress and project related issues. Demonstrates some knowledge with, and/or a proven record of success in a role as a contributor on projects related to: Data Center Converged Infrastructure , Servers, Virtualization, Storage, Networking, Unified Fabrics, Security Orchestration and Application Layer Solutions with a clear understanding of how an IT organization deploys technology. Demonstrates a some understanding of, and/or a proven record of success in a role, leveraging IT strategy, roadmaps, architecture, engineering, operations, policy/processes/ best common practices, innovation and program delivery. Skills Preferred: Demonstrates some proven abilities as an individual contributor on projects related to IT Strategy and Transformation emphasizing next generation data centers including: architecture, design and implementation with major networking, storage, compute and security vendors (HP, Cisco, IBM, Dell, Brocade, Juniper, EMC, BMC, Microsoft, Citrix, Intel, Symantec, etc.) and a level of exposure to project management, ITIL/ITSM and engagement analysis. Experience assisting project teams sustaining client relationships, preparing and presenting written and verbal materials, and assisting in preparing requirements, project workflow, budgets and reporting. Demonstrates some proven abilities to assist clients with establishing a technology direction/implementation while inspiring team members to create a positive atmosphere that encourages improvement and innovation. Azure certification prefered