SUBMIT APPLICATION Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Email Copy MANAGER OF QUALITY ASSURANCE SUMMARY OF POSITION The Manager, Quality Assurance is responsible for the effective development and implementation of quality assurance (QA) programs and processes to ensure that the required I.T. Products and Services meet I. T. standards and CPK business requirements. Performs HR managerial functions as necessary including recruiting, training, scheduling, coaching, communicating expectations and reviewing performance. This position will also be responsible for managing the Change Control process for all QA test environments and lab hardware. OVERALL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES Oversees the implementation of the quality assurance function within California Pizza Kitchen Reviews system specifications and documentation at appropriate points in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Design and develops test plans to validate computer applications on two dimensions: technical specifications and business requirements Incorporates industry Quality Assurance (QA) testing standards, processes and tools into the California Pizza Kitchen development and production environments Develops and executes appropriate QA test plans which consider project size, complexity, internal and external integration points and validate functionality and data integrity of applications and system changes Coordinate QA resource utilization and testing priorities with Project Managers or Project Sponsors Manages a full-loop process for recording test discrepancies and communicating those findings back to the appropriate sources for resolution QUALIFICATIONS Education, Training, and Work Experience 5+ years of IT Quality assurance responsibilities in a computing environment Bachelor’s degree with a technology or business emphasis, or equivalent education / experience Analytical and strong organizational skills, with excellent verbal and written abilities Proficiency with related QA testing tools and end user software including MS Office Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Broad knowledge and understanding of the business processes within a restaurant, retail or hospitality company would be a plus Knowledge and application of a Software Development Life Cycle to multiple projects is required Broad awareness and understanding of the typical technology footprint within a retail or hospitality environment (Telecommunications, Point of Sale (POS) and Payment Systems, WAN, LAN and Wi-Fi Networks and Restaurant I.T. Hardware, etc.) Demonstrate strong organization skills Demonstrate strong written and verbal communication skills required to present department plans and activities to individuals and groups throughout the company Provide input to annual budgeting process for anticipated project Capital and General Administrative expenses Experience as a Business Analyst or Technical Writer is a plus While performing the duties of this job the employee is frequently exposed to computer terminals. The noise level and temperature is moderate. The employee has the ability to sit, stand and/or walk for up to 10 hours a day. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, bend or kneel, lift up to 40 lbs. and perform other diverse physical tasks as needed. The vision requirements include: close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Must be able to climb on roof through the roof hatch and ladder and open up all roof top equipment to inspect for preventative maintenance. Must be able to climb a ladder inside the restaurant to look above the ceiling for inspections, must be able to look into, bind and under all equipment. NOTE: CPK reserves the right to revise or change the position plan as the need arises. This position plan is not all inclusive of total job responsibilities nor does it constitute a written or implied contract of employment. CPK will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, and any other state, federal or local law.