Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The Data Governance & Standards Department has an opening for a Data Governance Manager, Projects & Strategic Initiatives. This position is located in Pleasanton, California. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Plan, coordinate and lead business activities for IT and business projects Work with suppliers and external partners to implement process change Develop best practices, communicate, train and maintain documentation Champion process change within and outside the organization Develop solutions involving data and system functionality Negotiate with suppliers and third-party providers to support business initiatives and data quality Implement system improvements to gain efficiencies and data integrity Partner with internal customers and information technology to implement system enhancements Identify testing needs, write test scripts and lead user acceptance testing Qualifications: 4-year college degree or equivalent work experience Excellent planning and organizing skills required Excellent communication, collaboration and influencing skills Ability to learn technology quickly and communicate with technical resources Business Project management experience preferred Strong leadership skills and an ability to accomplish work through resources outside of a direct report structure Ability to build cross-functional relationships and facilitate change Highly skilled in problem solving, root cause analysis, risk evaluation and solution development Salary: Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. How to Apply : Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect _._ The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status. We support a drug-free workplace - all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER