IT Network Architect-1801621 Description At Santander US we are building a new Engineering Team. This team will lead the design and evolution of technology platforms at Santander US in a close relationship with the Santander Group IT. Our goal is to be sure to keep our current platforms in good health. Design new ones and make sure that we enable the workload migrations between them, to serve better our customers. As a Network Architect you would be responsible for: Owning the Networking strategy and roadmap that include: Our new SDWAN to support Santander US Business. Datacenter Fabric Cloud Interconnection 3rd Party connectivity Create and maintain network standards Ensure that all systems are working at optimal levels and support the development of new technologies and system requirements. Leading technical design standards and giving technical direction. Provide technical system solutions, determine overall design direction and to make recommendations for complex technical issues. Provide 3rd level support Work closely with other Infrastructure Architects during the solution development process Qualifications We require a Computer Science Bachelor's Degree or +10 years of experience in the field. Cisco Certification (CCIE) preferred AWS Certified Advanced Networking preferred Juniper JNCIE preferred At least 10 years of experience working as a Senior Network Engineer. In-depth knowledge of OSPF and BGP with experience administering these protocols in large, distributed network. In-depth knowledge of Datacenter Equipment (Cisco Nexus, ASR Routers,F5,etc) Excellent troubleshooting skills. Deep understanding of IP networks in datacenters and across wide area networks. Experience designing SDN networks (VMware NSX, Cisco ACI, Nokia Nuage) Experience building HLD documents in your area expertise You are comfortable leading initiatives and taking a hands-on approach Passion for improving and challenge the status-quo, taking calculated risks. Ability to provide technical system solutions, determine overall design direction and provide recommendations for complex technical issues Strong written and oral communication skills, and the ability to effectively communicate with technical and non-technical audiences At Santander, we value and respect differences in our workforce and strive to increase the diversity of our teams. We actively encourage everyone to apply. Job :IT & Systems Control Primary Location :Massachusetts-Dorchester Organization :Technology (5900) Schedule :Full-time Job Posting :Jul 23, 2018, 3:34:55 PM