Overview MEDNAX has grown from a single medical practice to a trusted health solutions partner with more than 10,000 employees and a presence in 50 states. Through our family of companies, we provide: physician services spanning the continuum of patient care revenue cycle management solutions performance improvement consulting _We invite you to grow with us and help shape the future of health care._ JOB SUMMARY: The Regional Hospital Associate (RHA) administers the region’s Auto-Eligibility and Welcome Letter processes. Responsibilities include: updating, documenting and releasing accounts with valid eligibility; re- submitting claims; and taking appropriate action on accounts with incomplete information or invalid eligibility - including contacting patients/parents. The RHA performs all necessary system updates to ensure accurate billing to payers and patients and assists the Hospital Associate Manager with administrative duties and special projects. Responsibilities 1\. On a daily basis reviews insurance verification updates in Auto- Eligibility Reports and appropriately follows up on a timely basis, in accordance with the Auto Eligibility policy and procedure. Reviews all designated e-mail conferences for eligibility batch notifications. Notifies Management of unresolved batch transmission issues. 2\. Responsible for resolving “Holds” in accordance with the OBR Holds and Auto-Eligibility policies and procedures. Works accounts on hold that either qualified or did not qualify for the Auto-Eligibility process. Works with local Hospital Associates to resolve registration errors preventing accounts from qualifying for Auto-Eligibility. Identifies and escalates registration or data error trends to the Hospital Associate Manager or Supervisor. Works the Summary 271 Eligibility report, both active and inactive accounts, per policy requirements. Active accounts will be updated and released to billing per regional payer guidelines. For Non-Government payers, verifies the patient has an “active coverage” status. For Government payers, verifies the subscriber has an “active coverage” status. 3\. Responsible for reviewing and following up to resolve the correspondence, e-mails and/or phone calls generated by the “OBR Welcome Letter” process in accordance with requirements of the Welcome Letter Process policy and procedure. Updates “unreleased” OBR accounts with demographic changes and notes accounts with appropriate Action Notes (e.g. WLUPDT, WLNOCHG, DEMUPDT). Updates “unreleased” OBR accounts, documenting appropriate Action Notes (e.g., WLUPDT, HACOMM), and when appropriate, placing accounts on “hold” for further HA follow-up. For released accounts, copies and pastes detailed payer information from the RHACOMM note into an e-mail to the HA who will complete the INSUPDT action. For HSO accounts, forwards e-mails to the designated e-mail conference. Takes the necessary actions on mail returned due to “bad address” - accordance with policy requirements. 4\. Prepares and submits required statistics to HA Manager/Supervisor. Maintains a daily productivity log showing the hours and number of accounts worked and submits the log as requested (either weekly or monthly) to the HA Manager. Maintains a daily statistic tracking log and submits the log as requested (either weekly or monthly) to the HA Manager. 5\. Attends Patient Account meetings. Attends required meetings such as HA Conference Calls via telephone and/or webinar 6\. Maintains strict confidentiality in accordance with HIPAA regulations and Company policy. Any patient private health information (PHI) must not be divulged on any account except to payers that need the information in order to process the claim for payment. 7\. Presents a positive, professional appearance and conveys a professional demeanor in the performance of assigned duties. Conducts all business in a professional manner - maintaining respect for individuals at all times and representing the Corporation in a positive fashion - making all individuals feel as comfortable as possible. 8\. Embodies the principles of the Corporate Mission Statement and Philosophy at all times. 9\. Reads, maintains knowledge of and complies with established departmental and company-wide policies and procedures. Maintains constant awareness of potential safety hazards - insuring necessary safety precautions. 10\. Performs other job-related duties within the job scope as requested by Management. Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Associate’s degree (A.A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent of education and experience. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from customers and the general public. Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts and percentages. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. MEDNAX IS AN Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status