Defense contractor involved with product development and manufacturing of various systems for military aerospace and vehicles in the Los Angeles International Airport area is searching for an experienced Property Control Coordinator. With a 50+ year foundation, The Marvin Group supports all branches of the Department of Defense and allies around the globe on an array of programs and platforms. We support many military prime contractors including Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon. SCOPE The Property Control Coordinator manages the Receipt, Witness and Release of all CFP and GFP product. RESPONSIBILITIES Manage inventory and associated administrative tasks. Maintains records of all receiving reports and assigns product a location. Tracks any customer related discrepancies. Releases product to floor and buys off operation, makes adjustments, issues product in SAP. Process receivers in Property Control Database and follows up with the appropriate Program Manager for information. Maintains traceability of all MEC and Customer own Tooling. Schedules Government witness with DCMA. Assist in annual government inventory and audits. Maintains Property Control storage area organized and presentable. Maintains inventory organization in Property Control. Moves and relocates parts as required to support MEC and Customer requirements. SK I LLS / REQUIREMENT HS Diploma or GED. Minimum 2 years experience in warehousing receiving. Warehouse inventory management experience. Forklift Certified with 2 plus years of experience (sit down & stand up). Proficient with PC and data entry. Good working knowledge M.S Excel, Outlook. Effective communicator (verbal and written). Flexible schedule. SAP or ERP experience. Must be a US Citizen and eligible to receive a US security clearance. Must be able to speak/read/write English. Must be able to lift up to 35 lbs. Interested parties, please send resume to jobs@marvineng.com (include job title in email subject line) or Fax 310.671.1256. Visit us at marvingroup.com _The Marvin Group is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets Employer._ _Our company uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit_ _www.dhs.gov/E-Verify_ _._ _If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact Human Resources at 424.318.4631._