Introduction Building Energy Associate San Francisco Department of Environment 9922 – Environmental Public Service Aide Are you interested in energy conservation? Do you get excited about making a positive impact in your community? If so, we invite you to take advantage of an opportunity to use your skills to build a better future for San Francisco residents, businesses, and visitors. The San Francisco Department of Environment is recognized worldwide for its environmental policies, is a great place to work, and offers an attractive benefits package, including healthcare and retirement. Department Background The mission of the City and County of San Francisco Department of the Environment (SF Environment) is to improve, enhance, and preserve the environment, and to promote San Francisco’s long-term environmental sustainability. SF Environment includes: Zero Waste, Toxics Reduction, Environmental Justice, Clean Air Transportation, Climate Change, Energy, Green Building, Urban Forest and Public Information Programs. Position Description Under general supervision, the Associate will primarily assist with implementation and analysis related to the “Existing Commercial Buildings Energy Performance Ordinance” (ECBO), which motivates investment in energy efficiency by ensuring building owners and managers have key knowledge to make informed decisions. In addition to supporting City energy policies like the ECBO, the Associate may be asked to support with other distributed energy resources (DER) program initiatives including energy efficiency, renewable energy, energy storage for resilience and grid services, electric vehicles, and the San Francisco Green Building Code. Examples of Important & Essential Duties _According to Civil Service Commission Rule 109, the duties specified below are representative of the range of duties assigned to this class and are not intended to be an inclusive list:_ Operate information management systems, and Customer Relationship Management tools, tracking compliance with the ECBO; oversee projects to improve these tools. • Communicate with stakeholders and community about the ECBO by maintaining and developing relationships, giving presentations, providing technical assistance via the phone, and disseminating information through social media and/or in writing. • Promote distributed energy resources via presentations, phone, online, social media, and in writing. • Assist with program grant applications, reports, and budgets. • Coordinate training and events. • Provide administrative support and other duties as requested. • Assist in developing program standards and resources. • Update and contribute content for webpage and newsletter articles. Permanent Exempt Employment Status This is a one year position. A second year may be possible contingent upon Department budget conditions and demonstrated competence and professionalism in the first year of employment. Appointment to the position does not guarantee a second year of employment nor any future employment with SF Environment or the City and County of San Francisco. In addition, the position is exempt from the Civil Service examination and selection process. The successful candidate is an at-will employee. Minimum Qualifications Training/Education Possession of a baccalaureate degree in environmental science/studies/policy, environmental engineering, or urban planning from a recognized college or university; AND Other Requirements Possession of a valid driver's license. Desirable Qualifications Familiarity with commercial building energy efficiency programs, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager • Experience with commercial real estate trade organizations, ownership structures and transactions • Excellent speaking, writing, organizational and project management skills • Responsible, motivated, and able to work independently and in a team • High degree of proficiency with spreadsheets/Excel, database management, Word processing, PowerPoint development, Salesforce CRM, and internet proficiency • Aptitude for research, including demonstrated ability with statistics and quantitative analysis • Experience in conducting community outreach • Coursework or experience in process documentation • Familiarity with San Francisco • Fluency in a second language used commonly in San Francisco Additional Application Information The stated desirable qualifications may be used to identify job finalists at the end of the selection process when candidates are referred for hiring. Applicants must meet the minimum qualification requirement by the final filing date, unless otherwise noted. Candidates are asked to submit a resume and brief cover letter (under 500 words) stating why the position interests you and how your skills and qualifications are a fit for the position. _Please attach a single document that includes both of these items._ Upload this document as a PDF or Word file, with the naming convention of “Your Name-9922Energy”. How To Apply Applications for City and County of San Francisco jobs are only accepted through an online process. Visit www.jobaps.com/sf to register an account (if you have not already done so) and begin the application process. 1\. Select the desired job announcement. 2\. Select “Apply” and read and acknowledge the information. 3\. Select either “I am a New User” if you have not previously registered, or “I have Registered Previously”. 4\. Follow instructions on the screen. 5\. Submit your resume and cover letter as one attachment to your application (this document should be attached when the system prompts for your resume attachment; only one attachment is permitted for each applicant). Computers are available for the public (from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday) to file online applications in the lobby of the Dept. of Human Resources at 1 South Van Ness Avenue, 4th Floor, San Francisco. Applicants may be contacted by email about this announcement and, therefore, it is their responsibility to ensure that their registered email address is accurate and kept up-to-date. Also, applicants must ensure that email from CCSF is not blocked on their computer by a spam filter. To prevent blocking, applicants should set up their email to accept CCSF mail from the following addresses (@sfgov.org, @sfdpw.org, @sfport.com, @flysfo.com, @sfwater.org, @sfdph.org, @asianart.org, @sfmta.com, @sfpl.org, @dcyf.org, @first5sf.org). Applicants will receive a confirmation email that their online application was received in response to every announcement for which they file. Applicants should retain this confirmation email for their records. Failure to receive this email means that the online application was not submitted or received. All work experience, education, training and other information substantiating how you meet the minimum qualifications must be included on your application by the filing deadline. Information submitted after the filing deadline will not be considered in determining whether you meet the minimum qualifications. Applications completed improperly may be cause for ineligibility, disqualification or may lead to lower scores. Please email Preston Treichel, Senior Human Resources Consultant, at Preston.Treichel@sfgov.org should you have questions about the application process. For questions regarding the status of your application or the selection process, please refer to the ‘Timeline’ section under the Selection Procedures heading. Selection Procedures Timeline The online application filing deadline will conclude at 8am on Monday, August 20th, 2018. Due to the large volume of inquiries we receive, we are unable to give application status updates. While we are not able to reach out to every applicant, the hiring manager will contact you directly after the filing deadline if your skills and experiences are a strong match for the position. The selection process will include an evaluation of applications and an assessment of candidates' relative job-related knowledge, skills and abilities. Only those applicants most closely meeting the needs of the Department will be invited to participate in the interview selection process. Applicants meeting the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement to the interview. Conviction History As a _finalist_ for a job, you will be fingerprinted, and your fingerprints will be sent to the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The resulting report of your conviction history (if any) will be used to determine whether the nature of your conviction (or arrest, in limited circumstances) conflicts with the specific duties and responsibilities of the job for which you are a _finalist_. If a conflict exists, you will be asked to present any evidence of rehabilitation that may mitigate the conflict, except when federal or state regulations bar employment in specific circumstances, such as: Candidates applying for positions with the Unified School District and the Community College District may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under the California Education Code. • Candidates applying for positions with the Recreation and Park Department may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under California Public Resources Code 5164. _Having a conviction history does not automatically preclude you from a job with the City._ If you are selected as a finalist, the hiring department will contact you to schedule a fingerprinting appointment. Disaster Service Workers All City & County of San Francisco employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law (California Government Code Section 3100-3109). Employment with the City requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to complete all Disaster Service Worker-related training as assigned, and to return to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. Conclusion 1\. Your application must include details on all experience, education, training and other information that qualifies you for this recruitment. Failure to submit a complete and accurate application at the time of filing may result in your ineligibility for this recruitment or inability to receive full credit for scoring purposes. Any new information concerning work experience, education, training and other information that is submitted after the filing deadline may not be used to determine whether you meet the minimum qualifications. 2\. Verification : Applicants may be required to submit verification of qualifying education and experience at any point during the recruitment and selection process. If education verification is required, information on how to verify education requirements, including verifying foreign education credits or degree equivalency, can be found at http://sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=456. Falsifying one’s education, training, or work experience or attempted deception on the application may result in disqualification for this and future job opportunities with the City and County of San Francisco. 3\. Requests : Applicants with disabilities who meet the minimum eligibility requirements for this job announcement can find information on requesting a reasonable ADA Accommodation at: sfdhr.org/information-about-hiring-processapplicantswithdisabilities Information regarding requests for Veterans Preference can be found at: http://sfdhr.org/information-about-hiring-processveteranspreference 4\. Applicants are advised to keep copies of all documents submitted. Submitted documents become a permanent part of the exam record and will not be returned. The hiring department may require applicants to present additional material at the time of appointment and/or at a later date. 5\. For general information concerning City and County of San Francisco employment policies and procedures, please refer to this web URL: http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20 6\. For Right to Work policy, please refer to this web URL: http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20identification 7\. Terms of Announcement: Applicants must be guided solely by the provisions of this announcement, including requirements, time periods and other particulars, except when superseded by federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations. Clerical errors may be corrected by the posting the correction on the Department of Human Resources website at www.jobaps.com/sf. The terms of this announcement may be appealed under Civil Service Rule 111A.35.1. The standard for the review of such appeals is ‘abuse of discretion’ or ‘no rational basis’ for establishing the position description, the minimum qualifications and/or the certification rule. Appeals must include a written statement of the item(s) being contested and the specific reason(s) why the cited item(s) constitute(s) abuse of discretion by the Human Resources Director. Appeals must be submitted directly to the Executive Officer of the Civil Service Commission within five business days of the announcement issuance date. EXAM TYPE: ENTRANCE ISSUED: JULY 30, 2018 MICKI CALLAHAN, HUMAN RESOURCES DIRECTOR DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN RESOURCES ANNOUNCEMENT NO: PEX-9922-087295 DHR/PT/415-557-4908 Benefits All employees hired on or after January 10, 2009 will be required (pursuant to San Francisco Charter Section A8.432) to contribute 2% of pre-tax compensation to fund retiree healthcare. In addition, most employees are required to make a member contribution towards retirement, ranging from 7.5%-13.25% of compensation. For more information on these provisions, please contact the personnel office of the hiring agency. For more information about benefits, please click here.