Company Overview Apache Corporation is one of the world's premier independent oil and gas producers. The company has a six-decade record of profitable growth, and is differentiated by its strong core values, entrepreneurial spirit, and operational focus. Key Duties/Responsibilities The Data Analyst will be an integral part of the Supply Chain team during the implementation of Ariba Source-to-Pay functionality. This position will support all data entry, maintenance, and reporting for sourcing and contracting. This entry-level role will support the Functional Excellence team within Supply Chain and will be responsible for systems and data related activities within the source-to-pay process. Successful candidate must have analytical and problem solving skills as well as the ability to work in a team environment and adhere to project schedules. Work with regional Supply Chain and Operations groups to gather, load and maintain commercial contracts in the Ariba sourcing and contracting workspaces. Support data entry, as required by Accounting, of contracts into the new Lease Accounting system, Nakisa. Screen and vet vendors for compliance to the Foreign Corruption Practices Act. Generate and analyze monthly Supply Chain reports for CNG, FCPA, Fleet, and SAP. Collect and report quarterly Supply Chain metrics. Work with implementation partner to rollout Ariba software to meet all functional requirements. Build working relationships with regional Supply Chain groups in order to facilitate information gathering and implementation. Build working relationships with other functions within Apache, such as IT and Finance, to define and manage project deliverables. Research continuous Supply Chain improvement opportunities. Interact with business units to ensure understanding and ownership of source-to-pay process and procedures. Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Supply Chain Management or relevant Business/Technical discipline. 2+ years of supply chain, or related discipline, experience in upstream oil & gas. Experience with data entry required. SAP MM configuration/functionality. Knowledge of supply chain processes. Self-starter; able to excel with limited supervision. Results oriented. Strong analytical skills. Effective interpersonal communication skills. Ability to handle multiple activities and changing priorities. Ability to positively influence stakeholders. Travel Required – some regional travel expected.