Maxim Integrated is a highly successful, $2.31 billion company. With offices and manufacturing sites around the world, we design award-winning semiconductors that make the world more integrated. We also know that it’s our people who make us a great company. So we reward bold thinking, teamwork, personal growth, and community involvement. Want to make a difference and be challenged every day? Join us at Maxim Integrated. With analog integration, the possibilities are endless. The External Manufacturing IT team needs an IT Business Analyst to join our growing team. We are looking for a professional with experience in both information technology and business administration. The successful applicate will serve as the liaison between the External Manufacturing Operations, Corporate IT, Supply Chain and Logistics, Manufacturing IT and our External Partners/Vendors. This role will include leveraging data that is sent to and from our external vendors to integrate into Maxim’s systems while also overseeing the selection, development and implementation of software and hardware programs. The ideal candidate for this position is detailed-oriented and highly innovative. He or she will also be responsible for translating business needs to IT solutions, and vice versa, with current programs, projects an initiatives in mind. Minimum Qualifications 1\. Bachelor’s Degree in Software Development, Program Management, Business Administration with emphasis in Information Systems, Computer Science or related field 2\. Business Analyst Experience 3\. PMP certified preferred 4\. Manufacturing business experience preferred but not required 5\. Self-motivated and ability to produce positive results with minimal supervision _Maxim is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status._ Percentage of Travel 0% - 10% Relocation Assistance Available Yes Visa Sponsorship Available No Removal Date 10/13/2018 APPLY TO JOB