Wayfair.com is a leader in the e-commerce space for all things home. The Distributed Computing team is looking for smart, passionate and curious people who are excited to help us scale, support and engineering our distributed analytic and streaming infrastructure. With the broad reach of the technologies we are using you will have the opportunity to grow your network and skills by being exposed to new people and ideas who work on a diverse set of cutting-edge technologies. If you are the type of person who is fascinated by engineering extremely large and diverse unstructured data sets and if you are passionate about troubleshooting challenging technical problems that in- memory or on-disk batch processing bring along, we should talk. What the Distributed Computing team does : Technical Experts for our petabyte-scale Hadoop ecosystem Drives best practices around use and troubleshooting across the engineering organization Improves the management, deployment, capacity planning and uptime of customer facing mission critical systems through better monitoring tools and self-healing automation About you: 7+ years hands on experience as a Systems Engineer 2+ years hands on experience with Hadoop ecosystem tools like YARN, HDFS, Hive, Sqoop Demonstrated experience with scripting level languages like bash, perl, python Familiarity with Java-based applications a plus Solid understanding of systems performance data (collection, monitoring, analysis) Working knowledge of enterprise level storage technologies Passion for improving distributed systems, people and processes around you Other traits we look for: Excellent interpersonal and team building skills An easy-going attitude and strong sense of humor A positive, people-oriented and energetic attitude An analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems An interest in working hard and being challenged in a fast-paced environment, and having fun while doing it About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.