Toaster has always been at the forefront of digital innovation - now we’re looking for a proven, driven and visionary Client Partner to take our unique capabilities to new sectors of our biggest group of clients. The candidate’s background could be from an agency, client-side, a media company, or a consultancy - but the candidate will definitely have a strong understanding of the modern digital media landscape and how innovation will continue to disrupt it in the future.Above all, you’ll have a proven track record of building relationships with existing clients and winning and developing new business, with a real passion for working on and unlocking briefs, and ultimately ensuring that our client's expectations are not only met but exceeded. You’ll possess an unrivalled understanding of the digital landscape, with a solid understanding of the principles of content marketing is a must, with the ability to convey them both internally and to clients What you’ll be doing Planning and overseeing new marketing initiatives Attending conferences, meetings, and industry events and provide feedback and information on market and creative trends In-depth knowledge of the industry and its current events Plan approaches and pitches. Work with the team to develop proposals that speak to our client’s needs, concerns, and objectives Present new products and services to enhance existing relationships Work with the Developers and Creative Teams to ensure client needs are met Arrange and participate in internal and external client debriefs Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new services, products, and distribution channels Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company’s unique selling propositions and differentiators Ensure all team members represent the company in the best light Research and develop a thorough understanding of the company’s people and capabilities Understand the company’s goal and purpose so that will continue to enhance the company’s performance To develop best practice in client servicing About Toaster Toaster crafts beautiful design with emerging technology to create connections between brands and people. Our multi-disciplinary teams act as a creative partner, exploring ideas, design and innovation. Our close-knit teams are based in London, San Francisco, Singapore and New Delhi. Together with our clients we’ve brought to life some of the internet’s most groundbreaking integrated digital campaigns, often used as benchmarks in the ever-evolving advertising industry. Creativity We strive to produce work which engages, informs, or inspires. Toaster’s people-first philosophy puts the user at the centre to create sticky campaigns for useful services and products which enable people, using the internet as a platform for engagement rather than as a soapbox. We're continually inspired by tackling things which have never been tried before. Design It’s a noisy world. Toaster produces communication and product design which is clean, crafted and stands out from the crowd, with solid art direction and attention to the details of every creative asset. Our designers understand what works (and what doesn't) for a wide range of media. We believe this is key to tackling the challenges of a fragmented marketing landscape. Technology Toaster’s experience at the forefront of technologies and the way people use them means we can create communications, products and services with impact. Fully versed in the pros and cons of emerging technologies, we provide consultancy, technical strategy and architecture, cross-stack development and quality assurance, all in-house. Our solutions are secure, robust and highly scalable. Powered by our deep knowledge of the Google Cloud Platform, we focus on database and CMS driven web applications, mobile apps and upcoming tech. We iterate quickly, with a comprehensive understanding of what's possible on digital devices. We regularly participate in hackathons; a fast, energetic, challenging exercise where we team up with clients to brainstorm new ideas and build prototypes over the course of just a few days. An extremely valuable approach which yields many ideas some of which are in production already. How to apply Please apply with CV and link to online Portfolio to jobs@toasterltd.com, with “Client Partner – San Francsico” in the Subject line.