Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant Why Alliant? We’re not a typical financial institution – we’re better. We’re an innovative, fun-loving, highly-engaged group of professionals that are committed to our company and the communities we do business in. We love to recognize and celebrate each other. Over 90% of our employees say we are a great workplace that is focused on our mission, vision and the future of banking. What will your day look like? You will be responsible for SQL Server Database administration, design and development. Work involves moderate difficulty in troubleshooting database issues and developing recovery procedures. Resources to do the job require reliance on technical knowledge of DBA functions and architectures and credit union policy and procedures. Responsibilities Do you see yourself doing this? Design, develop, install, and support all Alliant Microsoft SQL databases to support Business Unit and Application Development. Execute recurring and timely SQL server maintenance to ensure consistent and reliable database environment. Investigate and resolve problems related to SQL Server and/or client issues. Monitor and fine tune databases and SQL performance issues as required, this includes proactive monitoring of application SQL to recommend improvements. Responsible for identifying and implementing improvements to SQL databases to optimize performance. Experience in working on high availability solutions such as Always On Availability Groups, log shipping, mirroring, or other technologies Develop and maintain logical and physical database models Maintain backup/recovery processes and maintenance to ensure recovery timelines are met and assist development in lower environmental restores Fluent understanding of database instance maintenance tasks (i.e. DB Integrity Checks, Index Maintenance, etc.) and how to resolve Ability to configure security within established guidelines Work with business partners on internal/third party audits General knowledge of TSQL and best code standards for ad-hoc script review and deployment practices Deployment of database change scripts provided by customers and 3rd parties Monitor and troubleshoot issues with all SQL Server stack products (i.e. SQL Server, SSRS, SSIS, SSAS, etc.) Advise developers on the most efficient database design (tables, data types, stored procedures, etc.) Using profiler trace and other tools to find most frequently ran queries and help resolve issues with those queries Install and configure new SQL Server Database Instance to specified guidelines or 3rd party application requirements Build and maintain documentation related to the company’s database environment Prior experience programming in PowerShell preferred Proven ability to automate processes via scripting Experience working with automate deployments to different environments Qualifications What makes you a great fit? You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the Completion of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, with 8 years of experience managing and/or maintaining an enterprise-class SQL Server environment, plus you have: MCSA: SQL Server certified (preferred) Experience Managing a wide range of SQL Server versions from 2008 to 2016 Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills required Ability to take ownership of an issue and take it to completion Experienced in TSQL optimization Basic understanding of PowerShell scripting and use When you’re happy, we’re happy! As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from: Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits Competitive compensation plan Contributions towards gym memberships Generous PTO and banking holidays off Still not convinced? We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.