Ferrovial Services North America is a leading company providing Oil & Gas and Infrastructure solutions across the United States and Canada. Its portfolio includes 35 outstanding contracts, such as Port Miami Tunnel and maintenance of the Chevron refineries in California. With more than 1,500 employees and a presence in 14 states, Ferrovial Services North America, generates true value and growth for its clients while maintaining a strong commitment to safety and social responsibility. Currently, Broadspectrum North America is rebranding to Ferrovial Services North America; both names may be visible during our rebranding process. Job Title: Safety Reporting Analyst Department: Safety Department - Corporate office - Austin TX Reports to : HSE Manager Please note \- this position is not a field safety role, in an industrial setting. We are seeking an Analyst that will support high level reporting and data analysis - excel and analysis experience is required at a minimum of intermediate level! Summary: This position is for an Safety Reporting Analyst, with an emphasis on reporting, data capturing and analytical support to the business. This role will achieve this by aggregating and pulling data, conducting analysis and interpreting results related to business needs. The validated findings will be provided to HSE stakeholders in the form of clear, concise and professional charts, reports and dashboards. This role includes fostering collaborative relationships with a number of stakeholders both inside and outside of Ferrovial Services, N.A. HSE. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Maintain data bases for HSE records Responsible for coordinating, inputting and tracking injury information, audit results and findings, and training activities. Analyze data and generate reports Analyze compliance trends and metrics and highlight area of increased risk to functional business leaders. Maintain OSHA 300 logs Coordinate and participate in Safety Meetings at the corporate level Coordinate and participate in Safety Steering Committees – Infrastructure and Oil & Gas Will support multiple HSE applications by performing database updates, as well as other application maintenance. This position may require manual data entry as well as the use of Excel macros to prepare data for importing purposes. Minimum Education and Experience: Associates Degree preferred at a minimum, however recent experience in HSE Analytics & Data Reporting may be considered in lieu of such degree Minimum of 3-5 years of reporting experience, particularly in safety, is required. Experience with extracting and manipulating data, into Excel, from safety data systems Ability to calculate rates and figures such as Recordable Incident rates of various types including but not limited to Lost Time Rates and Severity Rates. Previous experience with safety management software systems, such as Enablon and SAP is preferred. Prior experience with Business Intelligence and visualization tools is also a plus. Intermediate to advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint is required A solid working knowledge of the following software applications: PowerPoint, Spreadsheets, Data Base and Word Processing Skills Additional professional certifications preferred, such as: Certified Safety Manager (CSM); Certified Environmental and Safety Compliance Officer (CESCO) Ongoing professional education will be supported and will be required for continued advancement Special Skills: Experience working with predictive analytics/decision models/data mining libraries as well as the tools for administering reporting/analytics platforms. Strong strategic thinking. High level of attention to detail, initiative, problem solving, personal organizational and leadership skills. An ability to work flexibly and willingness to work extensively to meet business needs Takes ownership of responsibilities. Strong people skills, computer skills and demonstrates knowledge of local and state regulations. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Have a proven ability to learn new software applications quickly, and feel comfortable working within tight deadlines. The ideal candidate will have strong skills in data analysis and problem-solving, as well as solid written and verbal communication skills. MNST Should a review of your background indicate a potential match to our job, our team will reach out. Nearest Major Market: Austin