Overview To provide services of HeatShare and Emergency Social Services in a professional manner to clients; to provide general management of the food shelf; to provide support to staff within the Social Services office and department. This is a regular full time position with a workweek expectation of 40 hours per week. Responsibilities Maintain positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner that fosters and maintains positive relationships with co-workers and supervisors. This would include but not be limited to such actions: resolution of conflicts in a positive manner; courteous treatment of staff, clients and visitors; respect of others’ property and person, professional and appropriate communication to and about co-workers, supervisors and subordinates. Support the Mission of The Salvation Army by treating every donor, contact and colleague with respect and dignity, and without discrimination of any kind. Adhere to the guiding principles of The Salvation Army's social services ministries as outlined in Faith In Action with an emphasis on intentional outreach in the area of pastoral care to those we serve. Schedule Emergency Social Services clients and perform intake, when appropriate. Provide information and answer questions regarding Social Services programs. Assist clients with direct assistance as directed by Team Leader (foodshelf, HeatShare, rental assistance, vouchers, etc.) Assist with volunteer management and record keeping for the foodshelf. Manage and maintain food shelf (ordering, inventory, donation tracking, stocking, bagging, cleaning, and volunteer supervision).Conduct comprehensive intakes for first-time food shelf clients. Maintain required statistics (i.e. referrals, calls, etc.) as requested by Team Leader. Keep accurate case notes of phone calls, interviews, etc. Participate in office and department meetings, annual retreat, and other meetings as appropriate; participate in community meetings and networking as requested by Team Leader. Assist in educational groups and the statistics. Participate in monthly supervision meetings with Team Leader. Enter basic client intake, demographic, and service transaction information into electronic client database (HMIS).Keep accurate and timely case notes for all assigned clients. Assist with other department programming and seasonal events. Answer phones as requested. Attend educational opportunities when appropriate. Other duties that is specific to the office location and as assigned by the supervisor. Actual duties performed may vary widely according to the services offered by the office a staff person is assigned to. Qualifications Associate’s degree in Human Services or two years of college coursework required. Experience working in a social service setting preferred. Understanding of the delivery of Social Services. Ability to work within ethical and legal parameters of social services. Good secretarial skills (organization, typing, filing and computer word processing). Ability to accept supervision and work with a team of co-workers. Ability to work well with clients of diverse cultural and socioeconomic groups. Willingness to support the philosophy, goals, and mission of The Salvation Army. Must pass the background checks. It must be understood by the incumbent that the provisions of Safe From Harm will apply upon commencement of employment and also understood that the required Safe From Harm training be satisfactorily completed within the first thirty (30) days of employment.