Do you believe in the power of play to bring out the best in every kid? Would you like to work where you are encouraged to promote fun, creativity and play? If you are motivated and you possess leadership experience- both on and off the playground – we want you to join our team and put your passion for play to work for us. Playworks is the leading national nonprofit leveraging the power of play to transform children’s physical and emotional health. Playworks currently serves more than 2,000 schools in 23 U.S. cities, and reaches 1 million students directly and through professional training services. Our strategic goal is to ensure that 3.5 million children in 7,000 schools experience safe and healthy play every day by December 2020. This position will play a pivotal role in achieving that goal. At Playworks we believe in the power of play to bring out the best in every kid. We are changing school climate by leveraging the power of safe, fun, and healthy play at school every day. We create a place for every kid on the playground to feel included, be active, and build valuable social and emotional skills. We partner with schools, districts, and after-school programs to provide a service or mix of services including on-site coaches, professional training for school staff who support recess, and consultative partnerships. Here’s where you come in: Playworks is growing and currently looking for a Manager of Quality who will lead the management of learning events & projects, curriculum updates and the ongoing evaluation of learning resource quality across Playworks “Coach”, “TeamUp” and “Pro” services. To learn more about these services, please visit http://www.playworks.org/about/how-playworks. In close collaboration with regionally-based Playworks service implementation teams, the Manager of Quality will be responsible for supporting Playworks’ strategic learning initiatives and resource development for service deliver staff. The job includes a blend of regional service learning and resource development projects. The Manager of Quality will work directly within the Service Quality Team and collaborate with the Impact Team and other national departments to develop and manage high quality trainings, resources, tools, and assessments associated with all current services and pilots. This position offers an exciting opportunity to make significant impact on the future of play in schools and the lives of children. Specifically you will have duties surrounding the following areas: Project and People Management, Learning, Quality, Resource Development, and Analysis: Project and People Management Lead and support the project management within learning, quality, resource development, analysis of data, and other functional areas. Project management responsibilities include the successful initiation, planning, design, execution, monitoring, and closure of a project. You may directly supervise one to three trainers Learning Manage the development, implementation, and ongoing oversight of learning events and initiatives for service delivery staff. Manage and support curricula and resource alignment across services. Provide learning support and consultation to regional teams. Quality Implement ongoing regional quality support plan for all services. Manage and support certification processes for service delivery. Collaborate across other national departments on organizational initiatives. Resource Development Design and develop learning content for national and regional service delivery staff. Lead curriculum development projects for service delivery staff. Collaborate with Design team on the creation and development of new learning and training content for new services. Support the development of new service curriculum and school partnership resources. Analysis Analyze and assess learning and training needs for service delivery staff. Identify bright spots and trends for improvement associated with service impact data and learning event assessment data. Provide ongoing feedback to department heads to improve service quality, based on quality analysis and provide guidance on improvements for the future. Required Skills & Experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (Approximately 4 years developing effective learning initiatives and resources) 3+ years of youth development services delivery. Working with educators and youth workers as clients is preferred. Passionate commitment to Playworks’ mission and youth development approach. In-person and virtual training development experience. Creative self-starter with an ability to devise solutions and drive consensus for complex problems. Demonstrated project management experience. Supervisory experience. Ability to drive results and accountability with local and remote teams. Exceptional relationship management and interpersonal skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills with ability to build rapport and effectively communicate with local and remote teams. Excellent organizational skills and ability to manage details. Strong facilitation and coaching skills. Knowledge of youth development principles and practices, especially relating to issues of equity, inclusion and healthy competition within sports and physical activity. Successful experience working in a fast-paced organization with the flexibility to readily adapt to a changing environment. Proficiency in using technology to facilitate virtual meetings, and manage projects. Bonus points if you have experience using Salesforce and Google Suite! Comfort with a playful, exuberant workplace culture. Ability to travel regionally and nationally. This position requires approximately 20-35% travel time with heaviest travel occurring between August and March to support regional learning and the assessment of service quality across the country. Must have ongoing access to reliable transportation to travel regionally. Compensation & Benefits: Playworks offers the full package - great benefits, a fun place to work and an opportunity to grow professionally. We offer: Competitive nonprofit salary commensurate with experience. This is a full-time exempt position that reports to the Director of Quality. Based at our headquarters office in Oakland preferred (option to work remotely at one of our regional offices if based outside of Bay Area) A comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, vision, disability, 401(k) with employer match, life insurance, employee funded pre-tax health and child care spending accounts. Generous paid time off with paid vacation, sick and holiday leave. This is a hands-on, creative, playful and fun-loving place to work, all while contributing to the success of our nation’s youth. So if you're ready to immerse yourself in the education sector and you've got the skills, experience, passion, and a team spirit, apply! Please include: A cover letter describing your interest in Playworks and how your experience has prepared you for this role. Please also include your salary expectations. A cover letter is required for application review. Resume. If we think you’re the right fit, we’ll request your references; there’s no need to include them at the outset. Typical Physical & Mental Demands: Requires prolonged sitting with some bending, stooping and stretching, and eye-hand coordination and manual dexterity sufficient to operate a keyboard, telephone, photocopier, calculator and other office equipment. Requires normal range of hearing and eyesight to communicate with adults and children. Playworks is changing the way children experience school every day by leveraging the power of safe and healthy play. We create a place for every kid on the playground to feel included, be active, and build valuable social and emotional skills. Our ambitions demand that we invest in recruiting, developing and managing a team that reflects the broad diversity of our communities. Our core values of inclusion, respect, healthy community and healthy play are the foundation of our organization and are infused in all aspects of our work, including recruiting and retaining the best talent we can. As an equal opportunity program, Playworks encourages applications from all individuals regardless of age, gender, gender identity/expression, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, marital status, physical ability, or any other legally protected basis. Playworks evaluates all candidates on a merit basis.