Are you looking to join a growing organization? Apply today! About the Role How you will contribute Apply scheduling, planning, and coordination activity to support product inbound and outbound operations. Plan shipments with the warehouse based on requests from the hardware services team. Track inbound/outbound shipments from internal and external customers (HQ, SEA construction teams and customers) Resolve exceptions on inbound and outbound shipments Communicate updates and shipment delays to stakeholders Publish weekly RMA activity and inventory reports Occasional light physical activity in the warehouse (e.g. sorting materials, kitting, labeling, etc.) Create and maintain consignment accounts Maintain RMA tracker for hardware service inventory Issue, track and archive RMA travelers and associated data for returns Your Key Qualifications Strong written and verbal communication skills; capable of acting as the primary point of contact for the organization Comfortable working under tight deadlines and juggling multiple tasks Ability to work independently Willing and able to adjust hours based on day-to-day activities Good Excel, Word and Outlook skills Ideal Background Experience in logistics and/or related areas (order management, fulfillment, hardware service, etc.) SAP ERP and WMS experience (esp. PO and Order creation) Telecom or other high-tech experience Compensation syncreon offers exciting and challenging roles within a growing international organization. We strive to hire and develop the right people, locally and globally; stimulating personal growth and self-development within an informal atmosphere. We offer a market competitive compensation package. About syncreon syncreon delivers tailored, progressive and scalable solutions to premier global automotive and technology brands, such as Jaguar Land Rover, Harley Davidson, BMW, Dell, Xerox and Canon. We supply 3PL and 4PL solutions that adapt as quickly as industry and the marketplace evolve. For over 60 years syncreon has provided unique and innovative expertise in: contract logistics, warehousing management, inbound to manufacturing, reverse and repair, export packing, aftermarket services, fulfilment services and transport. Today we have 14,000+ employees working in 100+ locations worldwide who enjoy our supportive culture, dedication to work-life balance, people development and superb career opportunities. For more information, visit www.syncreon.com. Note Candidates chosen to move forward within the Recruitment Process, may be required to undergo an assessment and/or submit further background information. Any offers of employment may be conditional on completion of required checks and provision of relevant documentation, in accordance with the applicable local legislation.