Businessolver delivers market-changing benefits administration technology supported by an intrinsic and unwavering responsiveness to client needs. Our clients trust Businessolver to take care of them and their employees with a configurable and secure SaaS platform and a culture of service, all aimed at total and measurable success and our clients’ complete delight. We work with some of the most recognizable brands in the U.S. We look to our rock-star employees to help these clients maximize the investment in their benefits program, minimize their exposure to risk, engage their employees with our easy-to-use solution and full suite of communication tools, and empower their employees to use their benefits wisely. At Businessolver you will have opportunities for individual development through our common language: Trust through transparency. Assume positive intent. Be real. Live a growth attitude. Embrace the reverse golden rule. We are looking for an Implementation Architect to discover and analyze client needs, effectively and efficiently implementing them onto our proprietary platform. The candidate must be able to successfully define, document and perform system configuration. The successful individual will collaborate with the Quality team to identify defects and manage rework through the implementation cycle. The best candidates will have the ability to jump in and help out. You will need to really understand our business, processes and tasks so that you can help others effectively do their jobs. Up for the challenge? The Gig: Experience performing requirements gathering, functional and data analysis, and system design and configuration Ability to identify and document data types, rules, mapping, and conversion requirements Experience with a scripting and/or client-side programming language Conceptual knowledge or experience working with ETL tools and processes is highly desired Ability to coordinates and conduct all levels of system and user acceptance testing Ability to maintain system documentation for internal and external use Experience working with multiple projects and collaborating with diverse resources to meet timeline objectives Ability to identify and escalate deficiencies in technical work and implementation plans Participate in ongoing business process standardization Provide accurate and timely project communication, status and schedule updates to assigned client Create/interpret data mapping from source system(s) to target system Utilize assigned data conversion tools and documentation to promote efficiency and standardization Clearly communicate and present solutions to internal and external customers What you need to make the cut: Bachelor’s Degree and 5+ years Implementation and/or Project Management experience 3 to 6 years of experience gathering/analyzing data for writing system requirements, performing system configuration, and creating ETL processes for data transactions 1 to 3 years of experience writing test plans & test cases Good listener, able to apply the knowledge gained effectively Proven ability to manage multiple high-profile projects in a fast paced environment Exceptional client relationship/consultative skill-set required A self-directed team player: collaborative, seeks input, accepts and incorporates feedback from others, freely offers assistance Client-focused, positive and professional attitude Organized, detail oriented, accurate and responsive The Businessolver Way… Our team has spent more than a dozen years crafting a culture that challenges each other to be our best – and have fun doing it. If you desire to use your skills and experience in an environment where you can make a difference, we want to hear from you! Businessolver employees experience a vibrant work culture with extensive workplace perks including: Competitive pay, great benefits and vacation time. We are an equal opportunity employer with benefits including medical, dental, life insurance, disability, 401(k) with company match Casual Dress. No need to suit up, but we also have on-site dry cleaning services for those that prefer to dress-up! Weekly catered meals. Breakfast Mondays, lunch Wednesdays and afternoon appetizer’s Fridays. Thirstsolver. Our provider of complimentary ice cold drinks…but make sure to replace one if you take one, or else! Fully stocked kitchen. This includes the ever famous Chicago Mix popcorn…get it while it lasts! Fitnessolver. Our on-site fitness facility including showers and instructor-led classes. Office parties. You name it, we celebrate it! Free parking. Awesome perk for those of us with parking garage phobias. Massages. With a “work hard/play hard” atmosphere we all need a little stress relief at times. Feel better? Good. Okay, back to work. Interested? Great, we look forward to reading your application - make sure it includes: A cover letter that highlights why you think you’d be great for the gig, focusing on how your past work experience has prepared you for this kind of position – or why you think you can rock the job even though you don’t have past work experience that’s perfectly aligned. Your resume. You will receive an auto-reply confirming that we've received your application, and you will hear from us again after we've reviewed your application and decided whether or not to move you forward in our recruiting process. If you do decide to apply, please know that every complete application will be carefully reviewed. Seriously! We know it is a time commitment to prepare an application. We will respect that effort by thoughtfully reviewing every single complete application and we are truly grateful for your interest. Thanks for your interest in Businessolver!