At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS), we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future! This position is for a Quality Program Manager (QPM) for the ASW (Undersea) Market Area based in Syracuse, NY. supporting the Antisubmarine Warfare production and development programs (ASW) The QPM role encompasses coordination of all QA related activities on the programs including HW QA, SW QA and Supplier QA utilizing support provided by local and remote functional QA staff. This includes determining program QA budgets and managing the functional cost accounts for the QA effort/ supporting new proposals. The QPM also works with the program and Operating Excellence subject matter experts including Master Blackbelts to ensure that of the program Operating Excellence (Lean Six Sigma) activities are defined and executed. The QPM role also includes program performance management responsiblitiy through ensuring program performance data is correctly entered into performance management tools, reviewed by program teams for trends, and identification of issues impacting performance. Oversight of critical suppliers through personal interface and coordination of supplier quality deployment to accomplish timely source acceptance activites Provide guidance to program team and QA functional support personnel to assure product compliance to program requirements. This includes thorough contract review and flow down of requirements both internally and to supplier QA during procurement cycles. The QPM ensures the effective management of non-conforming material - including the processing of exception documents, Waivers, Deviations and MRB actions. The QPM is expected to contribute to program team customer satisfaction improvement efforts including direct interface with DCMA or customer QA representatives, analyzing customer feedback from Surveys and formal CPAR rating, and define/work actions to continually improve customer satisfaction. Candidate should possess a strong understanding of quality systems, root cause analysis, configuration management, Risk Management, and solid understanding of formal Quality System requirements. Candidates must also have proven effective interpersonal skills and be able to interface across all program functional team members, leadership and customer representatives including DCMA and other external interfaces. Desired Skills: Quality Program Management, Program Management, Engineering Program Management, Subcontract management, Supplier QA related experience. Experience in Hull or towed sensor programs. Experience with Sub- Safe or Fly By Wire Navy Submarine/surface ship System/SW/HW experience. Demonstrated knowledge/experience in Program Performance Management, Risk Management,CAM responsibilities including Earned Value Management. Demonstrated program team (IPT member) leadership with effective verbal and written communication skills. Project Management, Leadership and delegation skills. Lean/Six Sigma Green Belt, Black Belt certification, CAM (Cost Account Manager) Certified. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Quality Engineering, Quality Management, Program Management, Manufacturing Engineering, Engineering, Project Leadership. Excellent communication skills, customer interface experience. Government or Commercial contract experience. Understanding of risk management process and Earned Value, Cost Account Manager (CAM) experience. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.