Air General, a national cargo handling company, is seeking an Office Agent at our George Bush Intercontinental Airport location. This office position has a focus on customer service and strict adherence to safety and security procedures. Excellent salary and benefits, including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), vacation, sick leave, training, etc. If you are interested in a career with an aggressive industry leader, rather than just a job, please consider joining us. Job Responsibilities include: Prepare statistics and reports, as required by customer, and distribute to all relevant parties. Maintain logs, files, and statistics as required. Provide details about shipments or handling incidents, which may result in future claims. Make accurate and timely data entries. Bring any customer issues to the attention of a supervisor. Prepare documentation for tracing action, perform follow-up, and keep customer informed of progress. Provide customers with information concerning the status of their shipments. Review and handle all messages requiring immediate responses or special handling. Liaise with supervisor as required. Deposit customer funds regularly, in accordance with customer requirements. Survey all work and office areas for neat, clean, and orderly conditions, including all back offices. Areas must be free of debris and any other work safety hazards. Challenge unauthorized persons entering non-public areas and report the incident to a manager. Adhere to all Air General safety and security procedures, and immediately report any discrepancies to a supervisor or manager. Use proper telephone etiquette; answer phones within 4 rings. Check daily briefings. Perform any other duties as directed by the managers. Requirements: Customer Service and Warehousing: 1 year Must be able to pass all pre-employment screenings, background checks, and government security background checks Must be able to pass a drug test High school diploma or GED preferred Must possess a valid Drivers License Must have basic computer skills Must be at least 18 years of age Must possess the ability to read, write, fluently speak and understand the English language Must be available to work overtime and on occasional nights, weekends, and holidays.