Providence is calling a Full Time, Day Shift Clinical Analyst to our Quality Improvement department at Providence Holy Cross Medical Center in Mission Hills, CA. In this position you will: Support the CMO (Chief Medical Officer) and Quality department in providing critical data support to enhance the quality of patient care.This will primarily consist of database design, data retrieval, report generation, data analysis, statistical analysis, and data representation. Be responsible for supporting a number of projects with varying complexity and reporting requirements. Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: 2 - 3 years of industry experience Information technology knowledge and skills Strong relational database knowledge Ability to write advanced queries using SQL Advanced Access database design and management skills Proficient with project design, project management, data entry and data quality control Proficient with statistical analysis, intrepretations and feedback to clinical managers Competent in research skills including problem solving, questioning, listening and innovating Competent in written and oral communication and organization skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Preferred qualifications for this position include: Bachelor of Science Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Engineering or Science Experience in healthcare (hospital, lab, physician offices, etc.) Experience in Six Sigma About the hospital you will serve. Nationally recognized for clinical excellence and trauma care, Providence Holy Cross Medical Center is a 377-bed, level II trauma center in Mission Hills, California. We are the only Magnet®Designated Hospital in the San Fernando Valley. Providence Holy Cross also has been recognized this year by the Los Angeles Business Journal as one of the best places to work in Los Angeles. As our reputation for excellence grows, so does our facility. We have recently expanded our medical center with the addition of a new 138-bed patient care wing. This expansion has made Providence Holy Cross Medical Center one of the largest hospitals serving the San Fernando and Santa Clarita valleys. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/