77 West Wacker Dr (35012), United States of America, Chicago, Illinois At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. Principal Machine Learning Data Scientist - Natural Language Processing Principal Machine Learning Scientist – Natural Language Processing At Capital One, data is at the center of everything we do. When we launched as a startup we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making. Department Summary: The Card ML team is working to transform every corner of our business with machine learning. To accomplish this goal, we use the latest techniques in machine learning - deep learning, reinforcement learning, genetic algorithms, and natural language processing - and marry them with real-time streaming data in the cloud, to create best-in-class enterprise-scale ML products. We tackle a huge variety of business problems and work with vast quantities of data of every kind. Role Summary: As an ML Scientist at Capital One, you’ll be joining a research group that’s part of driving the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in distributed computing technologies and operating across billions and billions of customer transactions to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and difficulty in their financial lives. We do machine learning research and product development differently at Capital One. ML scientists aren't siloed in the lab, but instead partner closely with Software Engineers, Product Managers, and business stakeholders, to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from academic partnerships with world-class institutions. NLP Scientists work on building state of the art speech recognition in noisy environments, building models and deriving insights from customer interactions, and enabling products that help customers complete tasks via natural language conversation. In this role, you will apply your expertise in NLP (extraction, summarization, classification, understanding, generation), machine learning or speech processing, to inform a research group’s agenda and drive critical business outcomes. You stay connected to the wider research community as an active contributor. The Ideal Candidate will be: Technical. You are independent and can develop your own algorithms and experiments. You have hands-on experience developing NLP solutions, from concept to production, and selecting the right tool for the job at hand. You understand modern cloud computing. Lots of data do not frighten you, they present a challenge you are eager to take on. You know R, Scala, and/or Python. Innovative. You continually research and evaluate emerging technologies. You stay current on published state-of-the-art ML methods, technologies, and applications. You ask why, explore and openly share your disruptive ideas. Business-Minded. You can analyze customer needs and drive towards impactful business outcomes. Leader. You challenge conventional thinking and traditional ways of operating and you work with stakeholders to identify and improve the status quo. Basic Qualifications: Master’s Degree plus 3 years of experience in machine learning, or PhD plus in machine learning At least 3 years’ coding experience with open source programming languages such as R, Python, or Scala; At least 3 years’ experience in natural language processing, speech recognition, computational linguistics, or related discipline At least 1 year experience working with cloud platform like AWS or Azure At least 1 year experience developing enterprise-scale solutions that leverage one or more of the following: operations research, natural language processing, machine learning, deep learning, video/image analysis, or time-series analysis. Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D. in an Machine Learning At least 2 years experience working with cloud platform like AWS or Azure At least 3 years’ experience developing solutions in Python, Scala, or R-Top-tier peer-reviewed publications on NLP research Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.