The Quality Manager assists and supports Project Engineer, Project Manager, and Superintendent on assigned projects. He/she develops plans, directs, and supervises project quality control functions and activities in conformance with the Company or project required Quality Program. What You’ll Do: Responsible for the safety of all assigned employees and subcontractors to ensure the safe execution of all activities, including the strict adherence to company safety policies and programs through the communication and enforcement of the Skanska Safety and Health Management Program including the ability to independently stop work for a safety violation or suspected safety violation; Perform jobsite and supplier audits and may issue independent reports; Develop project quality control (assurance) program manual in compliance with contract; Manage daily reports, document control and quality records and material procurement traceability; Lead Quality Assurance/Quality Control meetings with project staff; Maintain work performance records, documentation and other related compliance items; Act as liaison with owner, regulatory agencies, subcontractors and/or internal departments on quality related matters; Manage the requirements of the quality assurance and quality control program to respective sub-contractors, suppliers and other vendors; Supervise and implement corrective measures in cases of noncompliance. We're Looking For: Working knowledge of regulatory agency QA/QC requirements; Ability to manage workload effectively including plan, coordinate, organize, prioritize and handle multiple tasks; Strong technical writing skills; Build and manage high performing teams; Bachelor of Science in Construction or Engineering preferred, but experience may be considered in lieu of; QA/QC training is preferred; 10 years of construction experience, with Quality Control Background. Developing Your Career at Skanska, You Will: Contribute to a sustainable future improving the lives of people, communities and companies; Collaborate in an open culture where sound values and dedicated people come together for greater results; Thrive in a people-driven international company with countless opportunities to learn and grow. Skanska is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status, such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age. Skanska USA is one of the largest, most financially sound construction and development companies in the U.S., serving a broad range of clients including those in transportation, power, industrial, water/wastewater, healthcare, education, sports, data centers, government, aviation and commercial. Headquartered in New York with offices in 31 metro areas, we have more than 10,000 employees committed to being leaders in safety, project execution, sustainability, ethics and people development. In 2016, our work in building construction, civil and power/industrial construction, commercial development and infrastructure development (public-private partnerships) generated $6.8 billion in revenue. Global revenue of parent company Skanska AB, headquartered in Stockholm and listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange, totaled $17.7 billion in 2016. Skanska shares are publicly traded in the U.S. on the OTC market under the symbol SKBSY through a Level I American Depository Receipt program. We are proud to be named one of America's Best Employers of 2017 by Forbes. Search Firm and Employment Agency Disclaimer Skanska USA Human Resources (“Skanska HR”) provides HR services to the Skanska business units within the U.S.A. including Skanska USA Civil Inc., Skanska USA Building Inc., Skanska USA Commercial Development Inc. and Skanska Infrastructure Development Inc. (collectively “Skanska USA”). As such, Skanska HR is the sole authorized representative of Skanska USA to execute any agreements with search firms, employment agencies or any employment vendor (“Vendor”). As a condition precedent to any entitlement for payment, a Vendor shall have both (1) Skanska USA Placement Agreement, and (2) an Engagement Job Order executed by an authorized Skanska HR representative. Absent the properly executed documents, Skanska HR shall have no obligation to make payment to the Vendor. Verbal or written communications from any employee of Skanska USA business units shall not be considered binding obligations. All resumes whether unsolicited or solicited shall be considered property of Skanska HR.