J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, performs fund services for institutional clients and extends liquidity in markets around the world. The GFS Operations Service Delivery Associate will be a key member of a mutual fund service team responsible for high quality service delivery across all mutual fund product offerings provided by Global Fund Services. The candidate will partner with the technology, operations and product teams to ensure the successful delivery of services provided to our clients. The candidate will also collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to ensure issues are resolved in a timely manner and client status updates are communicated to senior management. To be successful, the candidate must have a strong sense of ownership and understanding of Investment Company Act of 1940 deliverables, a proven track record leading operational teams and a working knowledge of fund accounting processes and deliverables. Key Responsibilities Daily contact with our clients and their outside administrators/advisors. Actively participate in periodic client meetings. Query management and resolution. Responsible for issue management, escalation and remediation. Coordinate client requested changes to operating model and reporting. Coordinate client fund launches and migrations for all JP Morgan fund services. Ensure successful delivery of client reporting. Assist with accounting queries related to the financial reporting/audit process. Qualifications 5-7 years of experience in mutual fund operations, preferably in client-facing roles. Strong technical skills including mutual fund accounting and generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Ability to be effective in a global operating environment and a matrix management organizations. Excellent communication, influencing and negotiation skills with the ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships both internally and with external clients. Strong client service skills. Analytical skills, problem solving, good critical thinking and decision-making skills. Experience working across multiple business areas and/or functions to deliver results. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; executive presentation skills. Ability to work independently and multi-task in a fast paced environment. Relationship building skills – ability to develop internal and external partnerships to drive results. Expert use of Microsoft Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and ability to present to senior management.