ABOUT US Lexus of Stevens Creek, part of Penske Motor Group, LLC, is taking a different approach to automotive sales. We understand that the wants and needs of our guest are changing every day. By adapting and providing superior guest service has made Lexus of Stevens Creek the 1 Luxury retailer in Northern California. We’re looking for Team Members who are eager, well-rounded, ambitious and who want to jump into a new and exciting career. Our Learning & Development programs are geared to provide you with the proper introduction into the organization and our team of experts in every discipline will provide you the guidance needed to ensure your success. Some companies may promise the world by offering you a fancy title or tell you about a creative benefits program that doesn’t fit your personal needs. We firmly believe in transparency with everything that we do and in providing a variety of benefit offerings that allow our Team Members to select those that are important to them. With our average Team Member having been with Penske Motor Group for more than 9-years, you can tell that these beliefs are deeply rooted in our culture. DO YOU LIKE TO HAVE FUN? SO DO WE! https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VGGKkC3tM7qmYGMlcN_zZ90JAwj1zWBt/view?usp=sharing We’re looking for the best and brightest to become part of our winning team! If you have experience in any industry or organization that focuses on providing a superior guest experience, then we encourage you apply today. THE POSITION The Service Consultant is responsible for promoting vehicle repair service sales and being the liaison between the guest and dealership on all vehicle repair activities. Responsibilities Promotes service sales through communication of information to guests on maintenance and repair needs that are identified during the service appointment process. Managers the vehicle service repair process from the moment guest arrives at the drive, to when the vehicle is being repaired, until the vehicle is returned to the guest. Offers logical diagnostic services or repairs to satisfy guests concerns on their vehicles. Present a service menu of recommended maintenance services to service guests. Promotes the sales of and provides estimates for labor, parts, and accessories. Provides a complete and accurate written cost estimate for labor and parts, provided by the technician. Properly, thoroughly, and legibly writes repair orders for all guest serviced. Carefully inspects every finished repair order for proper completion, pricing accuracy, and legibility. Maintain communication with guests regarding any changes in the estimate and/or promised time. Maintains communication with the Parts department and technical staff regarding job status and changes. Remains continuously posted on the shop’s workload to determine the kind of work the shop can quickly accommodate. Advises guests on the care of their vehicles and the value of maintaining their vehicles in accordance with manufacturers' specifications. Answers guest questions over the phone, Internet, and in person. Makes policy adjustments within the guidelines and budgets established by management. Performs other specific administrative functions as directed by service management. Achieves the production and guest satisfaction objectives set by management. Maintains assigned workspace in an organized and clean manner. Maintains a professional appearance at all times. Maintains high ethical standards in all actions. Qualifications A high school diploma or equivalent; Associate's degree (A. A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school desired; Minimum of two (2) years of automotive experience; Knowledge of vehicle products and warranties; and mathematical principles (adding, subtracting, dividing, multiplying, and percentages) and their application; Ability to operate manual transmission vehicles; determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it; coordinate activities with other employees; use good judgment in challenging situations; read and interpret documents such as operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals; read and comprehend instructions and information in the English language; work well with the public; communicate in a professional manner on the phone, internet and in person; and use standard office equipment. Must have a valid sales driver’s license and maintain an acceptable and safe driving record. Why Penske Motor Group WHAT’S IN IT FOR ME? Competitive wages Full Time position available. Training Opportunities through Penske College to help advance this position from a Job to a Career. Full Suite of Medical Benefits to include Health, Dental and Vision Insurance 401K with Company Match Tuition Reimbursement Employee Referral Bonus Program Company and Corporate Partner Discounts to companies like GE, Dell, Microsoft, Quicken and many others. Access to our Health & Wellness Program, Wellness Coach and more. WHAT DO TEAM MEMBERS HAVE TO SAY? Want to know what it’s like to work here? Check us out on Glassdoor.com! http://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Penske-Motor-Group- EI_IE510101.11,29.htm Follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/penskemotorgroupcareers Follow us on Twitter: www.twitter.com/penskemotorgrp