Mesa,Arizona,United States 6B1BP1 The Boeing Company is seeking an Entry Level Avionics Systems Engineer to be responsible for the design and integration of the Sighting system avionics on the AH-64D/E Apache Helicopter. This position is located in Mesa, Arizona. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsibilities include complex avionics development activities including pursuing advanced technologies, performing trade studies, developing technical approaches, decomposition, flowdown and traceability of system and software requirements, and system/subsystem verification testing. Will be a member of a cross functional integrated product team. Responsible for close coordination with US Army and international customers to ensure implementation is responsive to requirements, using appropriate project integration methodologies, and project management practices. Work with customers to develop and document complex electronic and electrical system requirements. Analyze and translate requirements into system, hardware and software designs and interface specifications. Test and validate to ensure system designs meet operational and functional requirements in the laboratory environment and on the aircraft. Monitor supplier performance to ensure system integration and compliance with requirements. Solve problems concerning and provides other support of fielded hardware and software over the entire product lifecycle. Research specific technology advances for potential application to company business needs. Some travel is required. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills & Experience): Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or physics. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Preferred Qualifications: Seeking a highly motivated individual that desires to learn sensor technology such as advanced electro-optical sensors to include TV, lasers and infrared cameras. The candidate will possess the ability to design, develop, test and present complex electrical and networking systems that utilize sensor technology. Typical Education/Experience: Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or physics. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Yes, 10 % of the Time Vertical Lift Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company