Job Summary: Primary responsibility for monitoring and maintaining all aspects of the Legal Department’s filing system. Duties and Responsibilities: Perform day-to-day operation of database software programs for filing system. Create timely updates on file system changes to all staff members. Conduct file activities. Maintain out-card system. Update all library materials. Obtain additional legal materials through computer research as directed. Maintain familiarity with policies, practices, and procedures employed by the Department and within the Company as they relate to the Legal Department. Prioritize work and receive clarification from supervisor when unsure or conflicts arise. Perform special projects as directed. Escrow Closing Coordinator Responsibilities: Input sales contracts, addendums, and change orders into computer software for tracking Verify the accuracy and completeness of all contracts and change orders submitted, distribute and maintain files. Ensure all deposit monies are accounted for and documented correctly throughout contract to close process Process cancellations, refunds and issue default notifications as required Administrative Responsibilities: Prepare bank deposits & NFS cash receipt log Order office supplies for Finance/Admin/Escrow Departments Daily mail distribution & maintain postage meter Miscellaneous office facility administration Process admin invoice transactions Qualifications REQUIRED EDUCATION: Minimum High School Diploma REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: Minimum 3-5 years clerical/administrative experience in a legal environment Familiarity with business environment and records management techniques Familiarity with common legal and real estate terminology Good PC skills Good written and verbal communication skills Ability to prioritize and meet deadlines High level of initiative Physical Requirements: Position involves sitting, standing and/or movement The ability to exert minimal force of up to 25-30 pounds and occasionally exert up to 25-30 pounds of minimal force to carry, lift, push, pull and otherwise move objects. Working Environment: Working environment is indoors in a well-lit office environment. Interruptions and changes in priority matters occur and employee must be able to work effectively and efficiently under these conditions.