The NBC News Digital Group is seeking a Data Journalist responsible for identifying, pitching, reporting out and building experiences and stories around data and visuals. This is an opportunity to work with talented reporters, editors, and designers to tell important stories that will be seen by millions of people. You will be part of a new team and effort to build a culture of data-driven journalism and visual storytelling at NBC News and MSNBC alongside many of the best designers, polling experts, editors and reporters in the business. Qualifications/Requirements What you will do: Identify interesting datasets and stories and pitch them to the newsroom 2+ years of experience in news-gathering or in a newsroom setting Acquire, process, parse, and occasionally combine diverse datasets Suggest and build static and interactive data visualizations and novel ways of telling stories Work comfortably across platforms including TV, Web, and Mobile to tell stories around data Be responsible for the coverage of stories throughout the day as they arise Be willing to work overtime and on weekends as required on breaking news stories Have a strong sense of urgency and desire to learn emerging technologies and share them to the rest of the newsroom Desired Characteristics About you: A passion for making complicated subjects easy to understand Experience in news-gathering or in a newsroom setting Experience analyzing and telling stories with data Experience with web development or data processing, Javascript, D3, or R are a huge plus Experience writing and reporting out news stories Strong verbal and written communication skills Comfortable initiating projects and working independently Sub-Business News Digital Career Level Experienced City New York State/Province New York Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.