As a key member of the Direct Channel team, this position will play a leadership role in both developing and providing key analytics for the direct to consumer channel. This role will own and drive value-added analytics for weekly, monthly and quarterly results, and outlook, to support Direct Channel leadership as well as the executive leadership team. This role is also responsible for forecasting and tracking inventory requirements, our speak analytics platform and the workforce management for our 2 small contact centers. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Key member of the Direct Channel leadership team who provides analytical leadership to the channel. Leads the Direct Channel sales analytics team, which includes working with the different business units to develop and champion our analytics platform (BIRST). Supports analysis of business results and works with the team to identifying trends and areas for improvement to the business. Focuses on bringing insights forward with recommendations on increasing sales, reducing costs and improving efficiencies. Provides analysis which keeps the team updated on our current revenue trends for the month, quarter, year. Prepares ad-hoc analyses and delivers related presentations to leadership. Supports functional business groups (Sales, Marketing, Contact Center) with ad-hoc analysis as needed. Promote and maintain a positive rapport with all key stakeholders, as well as third parties to achieve Company objectives. Works with the Director, Planning/Supply Chain to improve effectiveness of forecasting, planning and inventory purchasing. Strategic planning of product flow based on company strategy and lifecycle management of new and old product. Provides visibility cross functionally to forecasted volume, expected delivery dates and inventory levels, which includes review of new product pipeline comparing to forecast expectation and timing. Prepares monthly, quarterly and annual department forecasts (both revenue and unit). Monitors monthly financials and call center performance in collaboration with Marketing and Contact Center sales. Works closely with Finance and Media partners to align company strategic revenue plan and execution. Oversees workforce management operations including forecasting, scheduling, and reporting, to balance efficient staffing and customer response times. Oversees speech analytics to identify trends and communicate to appropriate business owners. Oversees commission program for call center agents and KPI incentives for customer care and click to chat agents. On both an individual and team basis, serves as a positive, energetic agent of change and improvement within Nautilus. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Provides leadership to the Sales Analytics team, including the development of the team. Responsibilities include recruiting and retaining staff as well as conducting regular goal/performance reviews. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Outstanding communicator with a knack for presenting data and metrics in ways that are easily understood and readily actionable by all levels of an organization. Strategic thinker with a track record of putting strategy into action through a team of people inside and outside of direct circle of influence. Strategic and tactical leader, with a persistent attention to detail, who is comfortable establishing, communicating, and “hands on” implementing the vision and deliverables. Strong business acumen, combined with outstanding negotiation/ influencing expertise, and strong analytical ability to identify and exploit key opportunities. Skilled at developing relationships with senior management. Demonstrated track record in managing complex business issues, ability to coordinate and communicate with cross-functional departments. Must be capable of constructively challenging existing business practices and developing alternate solutions which drive improved business results. Must be able to perform in a fast-paced, goal-oriented, and time-sensitive environment. Strong Multi-tasking skills with attention to detail, and emphasis on accuracy. Excellent oral and written communications skills; ability to interact professionally with all levels of the organization. Proven track record of high performance leadership skills. Demonstrated effective project management skills from idea inceptions through execution. Entrepreneurial spirit, strategic thinker and resourceful and creative problem solver. Advanced PC skills. Professional presentation skills. Strong professional presence. DESIRED EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance or Business Administration. Minimum of ten years of increasing responsibility in business analysis, five of those years in a managerial position. Experience in building, developing and leading teams Proven ability to effectively manage multiple work-streams and projects Ability to handle a significant level of responsibility, oversee projects and work independently, while also being a team player, and working closely with other department heads and senior management Proven success influencing and driving results through cross-functional team members Excellent presentation and communication skills, both verbal and written Strong supervisory skills with the ability to expand the capacity of team members through effective employee development, involvement, communication and supervision We offer a competitive benefits package including medical, dental, 401(k) match, ESPP, life & accident insurance, disability insurance, paid vacation and holidays, wellness program, tuition reimbursement, product discounts and free use of our employee fitness center for yourself and spouse. Nautilus is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In demonstration of our commitment to a healthier lifestyle, we are proud to be a smoke-free campus.