Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description POSITION SUMMARY This market-leading financial services company is seeking a strategy consultant to help shape the long-term strategy of the Company through substantive strategy projects for senior leaders (including CEO, Board, and Executive Leadership Team). Substantive strategic projects are built upon external analysis (e.g., trends, best practices), internal analysis (e.g., business performance and drivers), and evaluation of key choice points (e.g., defining options and financial implications). As part of the company’s ongoing transformation, senior leaders throughout the company are being asked to deliver against a bold new set of strategic imperatives. This role is critical to the success of this overall effort as substantive strategy projects are being demanded company wide. The position is part of a broader, integrated team with the Strategy, Corporate Development and Consumer & Market Insights functions. This collaboration creates unique opportunities for insights, impact, and team building in the collective pursuit of advancing the company’s corporate agenda. The Strategy Team is comprised of high professionals with top-tier management consulting experience, and the Strategy Consultant reports to the Strategy Team Lead. RESPONSIBILITIES Drive substantive strategic projects – help define scope, generate project hypothesis, lead underlying research and analysis, test and communicate findings, work closely with clients Help build the team – develop other team members and clients, take ownership for continually improving team performance Role model behaviors – high energy, self-driven, strong interpersonal skills, intellectual curiosity, highest level of professionalism Positively impact the company’s “course and speed” as part of an integrated effort with MassMutual’s Strategy, Corporate Development and Consumer & Market Insights teams BASIC QUALIFICATIONS Minimum of 2-4 years of strategy consulting experience (must be highly rated) Management consulting experience from a top-tier management / strategy consulting firm or a similar role with a leading internal strategy function Bachelor’s degree from top-tier leading college or university Ability to quickly break down problems in a structured manner, and prioritize required analysis Ability to analyze complex financial and industry data and draw out insights and implications Ability to create simple, powerful, and data-driven written communications for senior leaders Ability to effectively communicate with senior leaders and build enduring, trust‑based and high-impact relationships with clients and other colleagues Authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship now or in the future PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Financial services experience is valued, but not a requirement Professional, collaborative, respectful of different perspectives, irreverent as necessary and truth‑seeking always Obsessively focused on helping others win Skates to where the puck is going, not necessarily to where others are now Creates an environment of trust through integrity and competency Inspires high performance, demands accountability Drives diversity and innovation Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._