Pieces Tech is re-imagining the intersection of technology and healthcare. We design and build systems that interpret clinical data in real-time and we are starting to build a healthcare social network. We provide novel services to physicians and care givers and our systems render predictions and provide insights that were not imagined before. If you are passionate about full-stack development (we can help you become one), writing code in a fast-paced startup environment, and making a tangible impact on population health, read on: Our human capital is a solid fusion of Physicians, key other talent, and Software developers (including Natural Language and Machine learning scientists). We’re passionate about developing predictive software solutions that will help save lives. If you would like to help design and build the systems that do that, if you want your voice to be heard and make a difference, we have a place for you. Responsibilities of this position include the following: Write software that meets its design and business goals. Understand design decisions, participate and contribute to design considerations. Abstract and develop data models, server side, middleware, GUI, and other code. Maintain in-code and out-of-code design thoughts and other documentation up to date. Work with software development tools such as IDE, version control, documentation and collaboration tools (e.g. Confluence, Jira). Reason on, and develop complex software products. Produce high quality code and participate in testing (your own testing, as well as do rotations in our QA group). Write Linux and other OS scripts, perform basic network configuration. Be precise in your communication. Provide accurate estimate and rational for assigned tasks. Own your tasks, be able to take notes and follow through. Other tasks as assigned. Portfolio Send us your portfolio if you are serious about landing a job with us. It should consist of at least your resume. You can include a cover letter. Want to stand out? Add transcripts, references to something that you have built (a dog house or a website are equally good), research papers you’ve written, and source listing that you think is a piece of art; as long as it is no trade secret (our lawyers made us add this sentence). Required Skills We’re looking for you , the: Inventive We want people who are going to own their role, show initiatives, and seek out responsibilities. We aim to be leaders in our industry and our Software Engineering team plays a crucial role in helping us get there. If you are inventive and creative, Pieces Tech is looking for you. Fresh perspectives and thinking outside the realm of known possibilities will differentiate you. Passionate You must be passionate about technology to be successful at Pieces Tech. We are looking for A-players with desire to take projects from ideation to completion – across the full technology stack. If you like puzzles, built Linux servers in the cloud just to see how it is done, have your own git account, built your own web site from scratch, contribute to stackoverflow, or know how to speak Klingon – your place is with us. Versatile Our team is involved in full-stack development, interesting big- data questions, challenging fault-tolerant and clustered cloud systems, search, social graphs, and building ingenious machine-user interfaces for classical and mobile presence. We want teammates who are willing to take on the unexpected and be happy with the diversity of technical work we offer. Everyone writes code in our technology division (we call it Tech) and you will be writing lots of it; in many languages. If this makes you smile you found the right place; this is what we find exciting about Tech. To flourish here you need to love the mental exercise involving software development. Our team mates rely on each other and they all deliver high quality artifacts, on time or earlier. Delivery and quality are critically important in our culture. Required Experience Education You must have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering from an accredited university. We appreciate an advanced degree in your area of specialty. Experience Required At least two courses in Java or Python. Courses in algorithms and data structures, and OO programming. There is no substitution to the education requirement listed above. Coursework in web development, operating systems, computer networks, computer architecture, or software engineering. Be able to reason on algorithmic complexity. No certification is required for this position. Be on top of your game. Be honest and a humble team player. Own your tasks, be able to take notes and follow through. Pay attention to details. If you decide to apply to this role include the phrase “R2D2” in a creative way in your resume or cover letter. Advantageous Coursework in parallel algorithms, advanced algorithms, and compilers. Linux, scripting, network configuration. Relational, NoSQL, Graph databases. Data modeling, SQL programming. PHP, Ruby, Scala, R, MATLAB. Machine learning, Natural language processing. JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Semantic UI, D3. Developing reports and widgets using BI tools. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; including presentations to peers, senior management, and external contacts. Be honest. Working knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet, diagramming, etc. Be precise in your communication.