Reporting to the Vice President of Clinical Excellence and Integration (CE&I;), the Service Line Director (SLD) is responsible for the programmatic, operations integration, and business development of related service lines in partnership with CE&I; Medical Director and other key stakeholders. Lead development, assessment, and improvement of clinical programs. Develop and deploy standards, protocols, guidelines, metrics and performance targets, for service lines across the continuum of care. Partner with the medical staff/operational leaders to improve physician/team efficiency. Monitor and consult on improving relevant operational targets including quality, safety, service, access, finance, and productivity in collaboration with operations leaders. Lead and participate in business & service delivery planning and programmatic enhancement / expansion. Work closely with Care Delivery division leaders, key stakeholders, and internal and external business leaders to meet service line goals and objectives. Essential Responsibilities: Program Development: Develop clinical program content, care pathways, and protocols using strong evidence based clinical research. Articulate vision for service lines across multiple sites to ensure consistency in processes, standards, and staff development requirements. Develop and establish professional/clinical practice standards, service line safety / quality, workload / productivity, service, financial targets and processes that support effective and efficient care delivery. Develop strategies, processes and monitoring activities that ensure coordination of care between departments / facilities and community partners that ensure achievement of service line outcomes. Performance Monitoring & Consulting: Partner with the medical staff and operational leaders to drive strategies for service line performance across the delivery system to ensure patients receive high quality, safe, efficient and cost effective care. Monitor service line internal and external clinical, service delivery and financial performance across the care continuum. Partner with operational leaders and provide consultation on improvement and achievement of all relevant service line goals and physician/team efficiency and effectiveness. Partners with key stakeholders to ensure top performance and resolve issues related to a service line in community partners' facilities. Program Evaluation & Expansion: Develop collaborative relationships across Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Washington (Clinical Operations, medical staff, Health Plan, KPWHRI, etc.) to implement the vision, strategy, program activities, and initiatives for each designated clinical service line. Leads assessment and improvement of service lines to ensure the achievement of clinical, service and cost goals. Drive continuous process improvements by engaging clinical operations teams. Develop, review, implement & evaluate policy & procedures, protocols, guidelines, pathways & standards of care related to the SL. Partner with clinical education to assess staff competencies and development needs. Ensure compliance with regulatory standards (e.g. JCAHO, NCQA & DOH) across designated service lines. Strategy & Integration: Develop and implement the strategic direction and plans for enhancement and growth of defined clinical programs and services. Lead and participate in annual business / service delivery planning processes to set strategic and programmatic goals for each service line. Evaluate and assess need for new technologies, staff development, and future services / opportunities which will improve patient diagnosis, treatment and outcomes. Partner closely with key stakeholders to bridge strategy and clinical content / standards with internal operations and external care services across the delivery system with a clear focus on improvement of safety, quality, growth, and population management programs to optimize Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Washington's unique model of care. Develop and maintain strong relationships with business leaders, medical staff and key stakeholders. REPORTING TO THE VICE PRESIDENT, CONTINUUM OF CARE, THE SERVICE LINE DIRECTOR (SLD)