Job Description IBM Cloud IaaS is currently recruiting a Systems Administrator to join IBM. IBM needs individuals with a high level of operating system management knowledge and troubleshooting experience for the Managed Hosting. System Administrators are responsible for monitoring and maintaining customer environments, up time, backups, software installations, architecture reviews, and other regular tasks. Teaming skills are a key requirement to success in this position. We look for individual initiative and independent thought and will provide a great opportunity and driven workplace. Responsibilities and Duties: Deploy and provide day to day support of complex Linux and Windows environments Ensure customer up-time and performance through monitoring, proactive support, maintenance, and utilization of best practices Review and analyze data including trending and core metrics to build sound change recommendations to meet customer needs Establish lasting professional relationships with each customer through frequent communication and consistent demonstration of proficiency in Linux, Windows, and other related technologies. Company Overview Spanning 13 data centers in the United States, Asia and Europe and a global footprint of network points of presence, IBM operates a global cloud infrastructure platform built for Internet scale. With 100,000 servers under management, IBM Cloud's modular architecture provides unparalleled performance and control, with a full-featured API and sophisticated automation controlling a flexible platform that seamlessly spans physical and virtual devices for secure, low-latency communications. IBM is the largest Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) provider in the world with a portfolio of 25,000 leading-edge customers from Web startups to global enterprises. Required Technical and Professional Expertise High School Diploma/GED 3 years experience in hands-on technical experience with Linux and Windows Basic knowledge in networking and security fundamentals Basic knowledge in backup and storage architecture Basic knowledge in application level knowledge on multiple platforms Basic knowledge in Apache Experience and ability to compile linux applications: PHP, Apache, Kernel, FTP, MySQL Experience in Bash and Powershell Basic knowledge in Exim, Sendmail, Qmail, Pure-ftpd, Proftpd, and SSH English: Fluent Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology Experience in configuring and troubleshooting web applications such as the LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP) - J2EE applications (Tomcat, Jboss, Resin) Certified in RHCE, LPIC-2, MCITP, MCSE, or equivalent EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.