Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Community Integrity builds a safe, inclusive community by minimizing and removing the bad experiences for people on Facebook. Community Integrity encompasses a number of teams responsible for preventing real-world harm where Facebook is used as a means to attack victims. The team is responsible for globally preventing and mitigating abuse including keeping bad actors, behaviors, and content off our platform. It also includes a responsibility to help users through some of life’s more sensitive moments. We protect people by analyzing behavior, leveraging our community of users and utilizing technologies like natural language processing (NLP), Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). At a scale of two billion+ people, this certainly has its challenges and we’re looking for a number of Product Managers to drive our efforts to solve these problems. Facebook Product Managers work with teams of engineers and designers to build products. We are looking for extremely entrepreneurial Product Managers to help innovate and execute product initiatives across the company. This position is full-time and based at our Seattle office. RESPONSIBILITIES Understanding the different problems and prioritizing between them Helping to define our policies Identifying opportunities that will reduce the prevalence of abuse Building systems to proactively detect or to help people report these issues Reviewing tools used by community operations to investigate potential abuse Building end-to-end flows for handling abuse including referring severe cases to law enforcement MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years product management experience, including delivery of entire products from start to finish Communication and presentation experience Organizational and analytical experience Knowledge in technical architecture of scalable web applications and/or media products Experience designing user interfaces and creating examples through wire frames and mock ups PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience developing social products, technologies and platforms Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, start-up environment