We believe that clothes — and how you make them — can make a difference. Since 1853, we’ve been obsessed with innovation to meet people’s needs. We invented the first blue jean. And we reinvented khaki pants. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines for our manufacturing partners. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. A company doesn’t last 160 years by standing still. It endures by reinventing itself, striving to delight its consumers, winning in the marketplace, and by remaining true to its values. We employ more than 17,000 people around the world – supporting great brands, including Levi’s®, Dockers® and Denizen®. Our employees are committed to innovation, creativity and collaboration. The Senior Data Engineer reporting to Director, Data Engineering and Analytics will be responsible for building data models and data pipelines for one or more functional areas. This individual will be working very closely with business functions such as Retail, Supply Chain, Sales, Marketing, and Finance to understand the requirements and collaborate with BI Business Solutions Analyst, Data Warehouse Architect, and Reporting and Visualization Engineer in designing robust and scalable data model and data loading processes from various applications to Enterprise Data Warehouse and Data Lake. The candidate must demonstrate knowledge of full life cycle of data warehouse implementation process, from business requirements through logical modeling, physical database design, data sourcing and data transformation, data loading and performance tuning. Responsibilities: Translate functional requirements to technical design and develop solution architecture and technical specifications document. Develop data models in support of the requirements; review and obtain sign off from BI BSA and business owners. Work closely with Data Warehouse Architect in designing data loading processes in adherence to LS&Co; Data integration guidelines and framework. Develop & Unit Test complex ETLs and data pipelines to source data from SAP using standard SAP extractors and build BODS jobs for non-SAP sources. Coordinate ETL and backend development work with offshore developers and conduct code reviews. Support System Integration Testing cycle by partnering with QA Lead and ensure the require data sets are available for testing team to complete all test use cases. Prepare User Acceptance testing environment by bringing the required data from Production HANA instance and support adhoc loads as required. Triage and resolve UAT issues in a timely manner. Performance tune ETL and HANA Calculation views and ensure the run times of complex Business Objects reports and Tableau extracts run within acceptable service levels. Work in Agile Scrum environment by participating and contributing to EPIC and Sprint Planning cycles. Participate in daily stand ups and embrace the dev ops methodology. Use structured and disciplined approaches to solving technical problems. Collaborate and work with cross functional IT and business teams. Provide level-3 support and help resolve production issues in a timely fashion. Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline. 8-10 years working in IT with a thorough understanding of SDLC and Agile development methodology 5-7 years of experience in Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing 5-7 years of extensive development experience in SAP Business Intelligence solution delivery with at least 2 full life cycle implementations using SAP BW on HANA and/or native HANA 5-7 years of hands-on experience in development of BW Objects which include Advance DSO’s, Composite Providers, Open ODS Views, InfoCube and DSO’s. 3+ years of hands-on experience with SAP (Native) HANA data modelling views (Attribute, Analytics and Calculation views) with graphical and SQL scripting, procedures schema management, data provisioning technology including SAP LT Replication Server, Data Services (BODS) Well versed with ABAP for BW. Hands-on experience in writing routines and optimize code for enhanced performance. Good understanding of relational databases with hands on experience in SQL and PL/SQL programming Working knowledge of Business Objects Universe & Web Intelligence. Prior experience of implementing reporting solution in one or multiple areas such as Retail, Sales/Supply Chain & Operations/Finance/Marketing Proficient in documenting use cases, requirements and functional specifications Ability to quickly translate requirements to prototype and get business buy- in Proficiency with use of Microsoft Office applications including, Word, MS Project, Excel and Visio and other tools that facilitate the requirements gathering and design phases of the SDLC. Passionate about solving business problems, Innovative, creative and an outside-the-box mindset. Excellent Analytical skills and strong attention to detail Self-motivated with strong leadership and presence Must possess critical thinking, problem solving, and decision-making skills Excellent oral, written communication skills and presentation skills Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial. LOCATION 1155 Battery St. San Francisco, CA, 94111 FULL TIME/PART TIME Full time