Job Summary and Mission Global Retail Engineering & Delivery (GRED) is responsible for the development, delivery and support of mission critical systems supporting Starbucks stores across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Our highly diverse and talented team plays a key role in providing IT services and solutions to our partners, stores, and customers. We are seeking a systems analyst I who has a passion for delivering the best user experience for our customers. If you are fluent in technology, collaboration and support processes you may be an ideal candidate to join our world class team as we focus on the next generation of web and mobile solutions at Starbucks. In this role, you will contribute to Starbucks success by partnering with senior analysts, technical resources, and business partners to develop subject matter expertise and act proactively to identify, escalate and resolve issues, enabling the realization of strategic initiatives and operational improvements. To be successful you should be a self-starter who can investigate issues and drive resolution with limited guidance. You should have experience in supporting system and process solutions, with a relentless commitment to delivering innovative, quality work while supporting the effectiveness and growth of our team and modeling and acting in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Solution Delivery Collaborates with delivery teams to build expertise in application functionality in preparation for implementation Provides post-implementation support and documentation for incident response Monitors user activity to provide insights for product usability and product improvement System Configuration & Testing Supports application configuration (i.e. create attributes, workflows and UI changes) in support of solution delivery initiatives Supports data conversion. Performing extract and validation of converted data Supports solution testing efforts through test execution and validation of test results Uses data queries to support validation of data conversion and test result Production Support Provides 247 global support of critical systems Primary focus on system support, proactively identifying potential issues, working trouble tickets and escalating to teammates according to priority and required expertise queue, completing resolution within SLA Develop system proficiency and builds subject matter expertise through root cause analysis Coordinates and drives issue resolution within the team and cross-functionally, effectively communicating with business and technology partners, and end-users to gather information and convey status Creates and maintains systems documentation (e.g. Wiki, Confluence, Knowledge Base Articles) Uses query tools to write ad-hoc queries for mass data analysis and diagnostics Coordination/Leadership Receptive and responsive to coaching and guidance from leaders and more experienced analysts. Seeks input and support as required. Works in an increasingly self-directed manner Effective interaction with business partners, responding quickly and thoroughly to issues and requests Provides constructive input and perspective to team conversation