Cognizant’s Digital Business is looking for an Artificial Intelligence Leader who will drive the strategy and awareness of AI within Cognizant, to our clients, and in the thought leader community. The AI Leader will bring the confidence that comes with industry-recognized AI experience, and the competence that comes with proven market successes. The AI Leader will serve as a highly visible point of contact to Cognizant’s leadership, key clients, research analysts, clients, magazines, bloggers, and event organizers. The candidate will be accountable for driving revenue growth in Cognizant’s AI solutions and, depending on the fitment, may manage larger scale team and technical operations as well. Role: This position requires a broad _technology_ perspective and involves working closely with Cognizant’s BU’s account, market and solution teams to support value proposition development and lead generation initiatives. This individual must be comfortable working in a heavy cross functional matrix organization and able to drive both strategic and tactical implementations across the _vertical industry_. This highly collaborative role interfaces heavily across Cognizant’s _Vertical Industry BU_. This leader will be expected to provide thought leadership in establishing an AI vision to support business development, account planning, and market-specific service offerings. The leader also plays an active role in preparing proposals, participating in sales presentations, and is expected to be seen as a trusted advisor to our client’s executive decision markers both in IT and in the business. Responsibilities Create a Cognizant-wide AI strategy that incorporates our capabilities, builds a roadmap to add new capabilities, and aligns with key industry applications Help institute a Cognizant-wide organizational response to drive this business strategy Create and manage an ecosystem of AI players and partners as appropriate to achieve Cognizant’s AI business objectives Create a Cognizant-wide AI Point of View, working with Cognizant business leaders Provide a point of contact for analyst relations, key client engagements, public speaking, and earned media and earned presentations Develop with Marketing and Cognizant Leadership a communications plan and provide execution on parts and develop a network of experts to promote along with the candidate Provide a direct role with product management of Cognizant’s AI solutions Core AI platform advisory Domain-specific solutions advisory Publish white papers and drive earned-media (invited) spots at prestigious analytical and AI events Required Qualifications The candidate will be an industry-recognized practitioner in areas of AI application, familiar and experienced in key technologies such as deep learning, neural nets, intelligent process automation, and natural language processing. The Candidate will have experience in managing AI projects, delivering AI-driven insights, and keeping up with AI trends and progress for at least the last 5 years. Candidate should be able to converse at a peer level with AI experts in the field, and also converse as a business leader with our clients’ business contacts. Candidate must have MS or equivalent, and a PhD is preferable, in a field that can be connected to AI. Preference would be for someone with research and incubation experience – creating, applying, or popularizing AI techniques to problems and delivering proven value. A purely academic or research experience must be accompanied by real-life experience in the labs or in the market that puts the academic or research work into action. Bonus points for driving commercial success at scale, but this is not a requirement of the position. Preferred Qualifications The Candidate will have experience in managing AI projects, delivering AI-driven insights as well as a 10 year lookahead vision that will be the new trends. Preference would be for someone with research and incubation experience – creating, applying, or popularizing AI techniques to problems and delivering proven value. A purely academic or research experience must be accompanied by real-life experience in the labs or in the market that puts the academic or research work into action. Strong preference for driving commercial success at scale, but this is not a requirement of the position. Cognizant’s Digital Business is a rapidly growing division that is nearing 5 Billion Dollars in revenue and over 30,000 Associates Worldwide. We are doing this by taking an enterprise-wide approach to digital technology that unlocks the full capabilities of our client’s organization and improves experiences for all their employees and customers dramatically. This means evolving their current technologies into a more powerful, progressive version of their current state. Digital is the latest fundamental shift in technology and it may be the greatest. This vast range of new technologies has the power to change how we do just about everything. SMAC (social, mobile, analytics and cloud) technologies have been joined by advances in automation and sensors, 3-D printing, robotics, wearables and technology that may still be fringe today but won’t be tomorrow, like augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.