As organizations rethink their business models — redesigning work to harness the power of technology and adjust to a fast-changing world — it’s clear they can’t succeed without making people a priority. Human talent, rather than capital and technology, is the key factor linking innovation, competitiveness, and growth in the 21st century. People, not robots or artificial intelligence software, will continue to brainstorm new ideas, inspire others, and drive organizations to succeed. Mercer is uniquely qualified to help organizations design and execute sophisticated people strategies. We provide best-in-class consulting, rigorous analytics, and data-driven insights that help organizations make fact-based decisions which organizational and individual performance. Mercer is actively searching for a Consultant responsible for managing client engagements spanning one more of the following practice areas: Executive & Workforce Rewards, HR Effectiveness & Transformation or Talent Strategy. To fulfill this role, the Consultant will: Plan and manage execution of medium-to-large projects in alignment with strategic direction from the Senior Consulting team, including: estimating and managing project team member hours, establishing timelines, directing analyses, synthesizing outcomes into client-ready format and ensuring quality of all client deliverables Identify and support new business opportunities, including: sharing Mercer perspectives & methodologies with prospects, drafting responses to Requests for Proposals, and participating in sales presentations Delegate assignments to junior level colleagues in alignment with project needs, individual capability and development needs, and evolving Mercer standards Develop expertise in one or more practice areas and keep informed of evolving market trends through self-directed external and internal research (e.g., Mercer campaigns, perspectives, studies & solutions areas) Develop new tools and templates that can be leveraged in multiple markets; deliver standard training programs; ensure intellectual capital generated within own projects is captured and available for others; proactively contribute to personal learning, insights and knowledge through the knowledge management forum Qualifications To be considered for this opportunity, we require following knowledge, skills and abilities: BA/BS degree with coursework in finance, economics, statistics, mathematics, human resources (HR) and/or accounting, or equivalent work experience preferred Minimum of five years of relevant work experience in management consulting, compensation, finance, human resources or accounting preferred; project management experience; experience in data analysis, financial modeling and presentation design Excellent project management, organizational, interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously with strong attention to detail Strong analytical skills, both quantitative and qualitative, and a strong background in Excel Flexibility, adaptability and the ability to work under tight deadlines or changing client needs At Mercer, we make a difference in the lives of more than 110 million people every day by advancing their health, wealth, and careers. We’re in the business of creating more secure and rewarding futures for our clients and their employees — whether we’re designing affordable health plans, assuring income for retirement or aligning workers with workforce needs. Using analysis and insights as catalysts for change, we anticipate and understand the individual impact of business decisions, now and in the future. We see people’s current and future needs through a lens of innovation, and our holistic view, specialized expertise, and deep analytical rigor underpin each and every idea and solution we offer. For more than 70 years, we’ve turned our insights into actions, enabling people around the globe to live, work, and retire well. We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. At Mercer, we say we Make Tomorrow, Today. Visit www.mercer.com for more information and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @Mercer. Mercer LLC and its separately incorporated operating entities around the world are part of Marsh & McLennan Companies, a publicly held company (ticker symbol: MMC). Marsh & McLennan Companies offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://www.mmc.com/ . We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: www.mmc.com/diversity . Job Consulting Primary Location US-PA-Philadelphia Other Locations US-NY-New York Schedule F - Full Time Marsh & McLennan Companies and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers.