Who we are? With more than 190,000 people, Capgemini is present in over 40 countries and celebrates its 50th Anniversary year in 2017. A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. Learn more about us at http://www.capgemini.com/us-en/ Rightshore® is a trademark belonging to Capgemini Within Capgemini, the Cloud Infrastructure Services business provides leading solutions to large global customers through an integrated global sales and delivery model. We are a global team of committed professionals who advise, transform and run client IT services. We help organizations meet their business goals by transforming and managing their IT infrastructure landscape – leveraging innovations notably in automation and the cloud. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini Location : Dallas, TX Travel: 50% The focus of your role within Capgemini, what you do: Strong Middleware, DB and Solutioning experience in new technologies. Strong experience in Infrastructure managed services commercials and pricing models. Experience in analysing customer's business and technical requirements, assessing existing environment for new technologies enablement, advising on Application release methodologies including middleware, tools & technologies and risk management strategies Strong Middleware, DB and Cloud deployment technology experience and knowledge Ability to learn and assimilate new technologies and impact to Infrastructure management business models Go getter attitude, ownership and passion for solutioning and business closure Experience in architecture, Upgrade and transition methodologies and deployment solutions for various Middleware, DB and deployment technologies available in the market. Strong passion for technology exploration and Innovation Excellent written and verbal communication, presentation, and collaboration skills; interest in knowledge dissemination Exposure to Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) on MS Azure and AWS. Qualifications What you bring: Experience: 12 -14 Years Primary Skills: Presales, Solutions Architecting in Middleware, Database and New Technologies such as DevOps. Secondary Skills: Transition and Transformation methodologies Excellent communication / presentation skills Infrastructure monitoring and management tools presales and solutioning Good understanding of cloud deployments. What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini America Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are EEO/AA employers. Capgemini conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era, special disabled and other covered veteran status. Capgemini is a Drug-Free Workplace employer. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage veterans and active military service personnel to apply. LI-CV1