We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry. Job Overview: Under general supervision, works in conjunction with other supply chain personnel to analyze company and industry trends in key categories, supplier groups, and performance. Job Duties: Develops, enhances, tests and implements reports to support processes and metrics required. Coordinates research utilizing third party data. Utilizes various data sources to assemble and analyze what the data means. Utilizes various data sources to assemble and analyze what the data means. Takes ownership of reporting using internal data and industry trends. Utilizes various data sources for analysis of the supply chain and performance. Promotes sustainability by identifying and tracking performance metrics, providing additional guidance for special conditions and addressing stakeholder needs. Job Qualifications: Completion of an undergraduate degree in Business, Engineering or similar discipline required. 1 year of experience in supply chain required. Preferred Qualifications: Proficiency in all Microsoft Products. Supply chain and industry knowledge. SAP experience. Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong critical thinking and analytical skills. Strong organizational skills as demonstrated through management of small projects. Knowledge and experience in auditing and/or governance, compliance, or control systems. Experience authoring reports for distribution. Familiar with vendor reporting systems including SAP Business Warehouse, Catana, and Qlikview. Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Location 3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States Job Details Requisition Number: 62950 Experience Level: Entry-Level Job Family: Support Services Product Service Line: Supply Chain Mgmt Full Time / Part Time: Full Time Additional Locations for this position: Compensation Information Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.