Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY INC Design and Development IT Tech Consultant Your future team Our technology teams collaborate with their worldwide colleagues and partners every day to take on the challenges of providing IT support to one of the world’s leading financial services firm. We’re people who believe that with the right values and hard work, anything is possible. We know that if we’re at our best, that enables our customers to be their best and realize their dreams and hoped for successes. The Information Technology group provides enterprise- wide IT solutions for all of AIG’s specialized disciplines. Technology provides strategic and procedural support in all of AIG’s specialized disciplines, such as policy issuance, premium collection, claims handling, and administration. It enables AIG to deliver business strategies through efficient world-class IT and operations services, while ensuring the necessary IT risk management and security measures are in place. Your contribution at AIG As an influencer at AIG, people come to you as a “go-to” source for help and support because of your deep knowledge and expertise. As a more experienced team member, you are capable of driving continual improvement and impacting the way that things get done. Because of your influence, whether direct or indirect, we are able to deliver powerful outcomes for our clients Position Summary As a Design and Development IT Tech Consultant in our Career Distribution Technology Department you will provide technical direction and task assignment to onshore and offshore resources. Other responsibilities include: Authors technical and non-technical project artifacts and task assignment specifications. Ensures team compliance to SDLC processes and procedures. Performs code reviews to ensure adherence to coding best practices. Ensures quality deliverables produced by team members meet the project requirements. Expected to participate in all aspects of the programming life cycle on IT projects, including requirements analysis, technical design analysis, programming, unit testing, supporting user acceptance testing, implementation, and production support. Provides technical direction and task assignment to onshore and offshore resources. Authors technical and non-technical project artifacts and task assignment specifications. Ensures team compliance to SDLC processes and procedures. Performs code reviews to ensure adherence to coding best practices. Ensures quality deliverables produced by team members meet the project requirements. Evaluates risk and courses of action on an ongoing basis and selects the best alternative to attain project goals. What we are looking for The ideal candidate for this position will have: Experience using C as a back end for JSON, Web API and REST architecture Experience with Microsoft .Net Framework MVC, application development and experience with Microsoft Visual Studio. Experience/familiar with using Message Queuing and micro services. Experience with RDBMS including Oracle Experience using ORM tools such as Entity Framework Excellent analytical, problem solving, and debugging skills Software engineering experience in object-oriented design and applying loosely coupled distributed design patterns to realize mid to large size applications. Ability to apply Domain Driven Design in development. Experience with unit testing in application development. Experience in agile/scrum teams using TFS/JIRA Solid understanding of the software development process and experience working on agile teams Excellent Team Leader both on and offshore It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.