DescriptionThe GIS Administrator is responsible for performing technical tasks pertaining to the development of geographic data, maps, and applications. The Administrator performs and assists with the following areas: geographic analysis, application development, database administration and design, project management, training, system configuration, workflow development, data maintenance and customer service. Synthesizes a variety of GIS data for use in analysis and mapping products for multi-disciplinary departments within the organization. Produces high quality cartographic products for reports, meetings, and presentations. Conducts a variety of geoprocessing and GIS analysis tasks. Coordinates GIS functions and uses with other departments, agencies/jurisdictions, engineers, developers, and the general public; provides GIS support and identifies and resolves related concerns. Works with other I.T. staff to maintain workstation operations, updates, and maintenance. Maintains CAD System Data and settings. Develops and maintains accurate GIS data resources for mobile applications as well as the 911 center. Digitizes, creates, maintains, displays and updates GIS databases, coverages, and linkages to various GIS databases. Ensures data accuracy. Records and documents details of map updates, additions or deletions. Accepts other duties as assigned to promote the accomplishment of organizational goals. The team member is accountable to demonstrate proficiency for the skills outlined in the appropriate position skills list. The team member is accountable to maintain skill proficiency, including improvement where deemed necessary, and upgrading any additional or new skills on the appropriate position skills list. RequirementsEducation Bachelor's Degree with major course work in geography, computer technology, engineering, or closely related field. Four (4) years of applicable experience may substitute for a degree. Experience Two (2) years experience in GIS, with focus on project and data analysis, data development, database management, and scripting. Project management experience strongly preferred. Knowledge of a dispatch CAD system and/or 911 center operations preferred. Experience with Esri software preferred. Experience with ArcGIS software preferred. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Experience working with different coordinate systems, map projections, and datum’s. Working knowledge of SQL for use in GIS applications. Knowledge of the principles, theories and methodologies of Cartography, Geographic Information Systems and associated information technologies. Basic understanding of networking, client-server computing concepts, database design concepts. Familiar with GIS data collection and data management. Strong understanding of relational databases and database applications. Ability to use and edit shapefiles and geodatabases. Familiarity with standard cartographic methods, theories and principles. License RequirementValid Class D driver's license in state of residency with an acceptable driving record. State Requirement