Intro Take your career to new heights. Come join us at MORI Associates and help us support the most exciting projects at NASA/Jet Propulsion Laboratory. As a Cyber Security Analyst, you will be part of a dedicated team of diverse professionals creating and supporting cutting edge solutions for our client’s critical missions. MORI is a mid-sized nationwide company founded in 1997 with the ideals that creating an agile organization full of innovative and passionate people will progress science and technology for all life on earth. We focus on offering a complete range of services from strategic consulting to the development of Information Systems and providing advanced engineering solutions. Now, let’s see if this opportunity is the right challenge for you. In the realm of Cybersecurity for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL - the agency that puts things on Mars and beyond), the selected candidate will design, implement, enhance and maintain Enterprise-level solutions for systems and products in order to meet JPL's strategic and tactical cybersecurity goals. Utilizing software-like product development methodology and best business practices, performs tasks such as gathering cybersecurity requirements, supporting vulnerability assessments and certification and accreditation, recording risks per JPL and NASA policies, and providing support to the JPL CISO as determined necessary to meet the cybersecurity requirements of the JPL and NASA communities. Responsibilities will also include the following: IT contingency planning and continuity of operations (COOP) Designing and executing IT contingency/COOP exercises, tests and activations Reviewing and providing enhancing/clarifying input for formal documents. Providing functional remediation for operational software or functionality augmentation Designing workflow automation Auditing records and systems for policy compliance Qualifications Educational Background: BS in Cybersecurity, computer systems analysis, computer programming, computer science, information science, computer engineering or a related discipline is required. Certification(s) in CompTIA Security+, SANs Security Essentials, CISSP, CISM, or another relevant cybersecurity area is desirable. Experience Requirements: 5 years working in an Information Technology (IT) environment Familiarity with FISMA and NIST cybersecurity requirements Organization of work activities and administration of programs and events Formal IT-related documentation preparation and review Solving business and technical problems. Desire (but do not require) experience in the following areas: Supporting cybersecurity activities for a medium to large business or agency Documenting risk assessments, security planning, business impact analysis and contingency planning Supporting certification and accreditation projects Responding to Agency data calls and FISMA metrics Supporting external audits Supporting cyber investigations Working in an oversight team with customer collaboration requirements Designing reports and compiling query searches to extract database information Using database and Excel skills to support cybersecurity data analysis Auditing records and systems for policy compliance The ability to receive a security clearance required. Only US citizens will be considered due to involvement with sensitive government information and data. MORI Associates offers comprehensive benefits including matching funds for 401K plans, and a 9-80 work schedule (every other Friday off) for most employees.