At Edmunds we’re driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60’s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industry’s first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how! Define, design and develop any software system around the Edmunds user experience balancing urgency, business processes, system quality and innovation. Breakdown technical challenges into their component parts. Do your best work with a distributed team centered out of a Santa Monica office. Helping people to find the best car and deal, period. You will be using NodeJS and Java, among other technologies, to build the customer experience for millions of people to find the best deals. Come join a dynamic team who are thinking about the most scalable web solutions every single day. What you’ll do: Build rich user experiences using the latest in front-end technologies such as React, NodeJS, SASS, and HTML. Create highly scalable, distributed systems to create mission-critical services in Java, NodeJS. Engineer and deploy multiple systems and processes across a spectrum of AWS services such as Lambda, API Gateway, Kinesis, SNS, DynamoDB, and others. What you’ll need: Understanding of web application development from front-end through to data storage using appropriate technologies already familiar to you Knowledge of the pros and cons of distributed systems development and the ability to mentor others A passion to never stop learning - our stack is constantly evolving Why do you want this job? Our stack is constantly evolving! We don’t have a stodgy attitude to technology, and you can help shape our future stack. Our people! You’ll get to work with talented people Your impact! You will have a tangible impact on the company and the car buying process in the United States (think big!) Working @ Edmunds.com: Employees think it’s a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal (for the last 6 years!), Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If you’re interested in learning more and joining our mission, we’d love to hear from you! Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws. LI-POST