What does a Best Buy Verizon Expert do? At Best Buy we deliver expert service at unbeatable prices – all in a fun, high-energy, play-to-win environment that is unlike any other. The Verizon Expert is responsible for creating a world-class shopping experience for our customers while meeting their technology needs with Verizon products and services. The Verizon Expert must build quality relationships with retail consumers and provide them with relevant and memorable Verizon product demonstrations. The Verizon Expert provides full-service and solutions support to customers in the Verizon Experience. The Verizon Expert is responsible for delivering profitability by achieving revenue, margin, solutions and operational targets. They also work closely with other employees to demonstrate, promote and sell Verizon products and services within the Mobile Phone department. A Best Buy Verizon Expert: Acts as a trusted subject matter expert, brand advocate and product champion for Verizon products and services. Actively engages customers using selling skills to increase sales of Verizon products and services in the designated Verizon Experience and, secondarily, in the Mobile Phone department. Takes complex technology and service plans and makes it simple for customers and other employees to understand. Fields questions about product features and explains benefits to consumers in a way that is engaging and promotes excitement in acquiring and using these products and services. They are patient, genuine and helpful while assisting customers in finding the right products and services. Demonstrates for each customer how finding the right products and services can enrich their lives. Works closely with the rest of the Mobile team to appropriately direct customers to other team members who can provide service to meet their specific needs. What are the professional requirements for a Best Buy Verizon Expert? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.