C.H. Robinson Worldwide is seeking a Senior Systems Administrator in our Eden Prairie headquarters. The Senior Administrator will be responsible for supporting various Linux/UNIX, Microsoft Windows, and virtual server environments. This position is part of a dynamic team where we pride ourselves on managing a broad range of technologies with exceptional customer service. Responsibilities Design and implementation of server\storage systems with a focus on Linux/Unix Provide day to day support and troubleshooting for production and test environments Vendor and problem management Maintain documentation of processes, topologies, and system designs Flexible and a willing to work occasional after hours, weekends, and holidays. Occasional travel Participate in 24x7 On-call rotation and available after hours as needed This position will be expected to demonstrate performance in a manner consistent with CHRW IT Core Values including know our business; be entrepreneurial; work as a team; provide excellent customer service; be passionate and enthusiastic; know our technology; communicate, communicate, communicate; respect people; be accountable for your actions; and have a strong work ethic and a balanced life. Qualifications 7-10 years of progressive IT infrastructure administration focusing on servers\storage The following skills are REQUIRED: Brocade, NetApp, EMC, and HDS storage management experience. Red Hat/CentOS and Microsoft Windows experience; Microsoft AD, VMWare, Server build automation Experience managing multi node\multi-site physical and virtual server farms supporting mission critical applications Bash scripting experience or other scripting languages Must have excellent interpersonal skills, a can-do attitude, and be self-motivated Demonstrated expertise in a variety of information technology concepts, practices, and procedures Must have strong written and verbal communication skills Proven track record of effectively delivering results in a fast paced, flexible environment while managing multiple priorities MDevOps, Agile and ITIL Processes Education Required Bachelor’s degree or related technical experience Tools/Equipment Used Storage management tools, Redhat/CentOS, Ubuntu, VMWare, Hyper-V, OpenStack, F5, PowerShell, Perl, C, SQL, Ruby, Python, Docker, Chef/Puppet, Citrix, SNMP based tools, Windows server tools, Microsoft SCOM and Config Manager LI-AB2 Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson Become a part of our team of over 500 talented IT Professionals. Work in collaborative, Agile development environment. Find continuing challenges and work with committed leaders. Stay with us – we’re large enough to build global solutions, but small enough to make real impacts as individuals. C.H. Robinson—accelerating careers with immense opportunities and professional growth within the global supply chain industry. Start here. Accelerate here. Every individual working at C.H. Robinson is integral to the success of our customers and our company. C.H. Robinson is a Fortune 500, global company that values teamwork, initiative, accountability, and integrity from its employees. We work globally and innovate daily to enhance and execute supply chains that move goods around the world. The fast pace of the logistics industry translates into a high-energy and collaborative workplace environment. We are empowered to make decisions, help our customers grow, and accelerate our careers. No matter the product being shipped or from which corner of the globe, C.H. Robinson can help make it happen—quickly, securely, and reliably. Through personal connections and solid relationships, our employees use their in-depth knowledge, robust tools, and global network to help customers reach their goals quickly. Whether shipping by plane, rail, ship, or truck, C.H. Robinson has the knowledge, flexibility, and dedication to deliver the goods that make our world go ‘round. Join the 12,000 employees worldwide who are accelerating their careers at C.H. Robinson. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran