Responsibilities: Reviews and organizes engineering documentation for natural gas pipeline as-built construction. Data analyst must have the skill set to understand, analyze and document applicable technical records for transmission range pipe for specified locations along a pipeline system. Site understanding (compressor stations, meter stations, main line valve assemblies, etc.) is also a desired skill set but is not a primary consideration. Performs comparative analysis of related records by clearly and concisely identifying potential data anomalies and resolving critical data element discrepancies. Correlates identified technical documents (bill of materials, purchase orders, mill test reports, hydro-static test reports, etc.) against baseline GIS data and understand any gaps that may exist between the two data sets. Assists in the ongoing development and execution of quality assurance/quality control protocols. Follows documented, standard work processes, document results, updates records per protocol and published business rules, and communicates progress/issues to business unit leads. Qualifications: Possess above average organizational skills, critical thinking and decision making capabilities and is very detail oriented. Ability to work both individually, within a team structure, and willing to take direction from management and experienced subject matter experts. Good interpersonal skills. Experience working and organizing large volumes of documents and data for effective and efficient analysis. Ability to adapt and learn new procedures and protocols efficiently and be able to apply new procedures effectively. Possess above average communication skills to be able to convey issues/scenarios/analysis results. Experience with MS Office applications (primarily Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and the ability to understand and assimilate training on a specialized MAOP verification database tool used to record data analysis work. General understanding of GIS concepts and software is desired but not required. Education & Experience: 4 year degree is preferred (business-related or engineering-related degrees) At least 2-3 years of experience in a related field is required (pipeline design, construction, analytical work, etc.) To apply for this opportunity please send your resume to: Resumes@bhpeng.com with "MAOP Validation" in the subject line