As a member of the Google Cloud Communications team, you will collaborate with other cross-functional teams to communicate with journalists and thought leaders, develop specific communications materials and devise thought leadership campaigns. You'll engage in face-to-face meetings with internal executives and external opinion formers, develop print and web-based materials supporting these campaigns, and counter misinformation that may impact business and our ability to serve our users. It's our job to help inform and educate users, advertisers, partners, opinion leaders-and our own employees-about the benefits of Google's products, our distinctive company culture/values, and our approach to the big public policy issues of the day. We are looking for quick-witted, entrepreneurial and intellectually curious people to join the team. To succeed here, you'll need to be able to combine creativity with the organizational skills to manage numerous different projects to tight deadlines simultaneously, as well as enjoy pitching to all kinds of journalists, bloggers and commentators (we find it hard too!), or producing internal communications and events for our employees. Things happen quickly at Google and to get stuff done here you need to be an enthusiastic team player - a self-starter who can work cross- functionally and isn't frightened to take risks or try out new ways of doing things. Responsibilities Work closely with Google Cloud AI executives and cross-functional teams focused on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Policy, Marketing, Research, Engineering, and Product Management to develop a compelling narrative that supports the goals of Google Cloud AI. Lead Cloud AI product communications and create effective, compelling and insightful materials for external audiences including story pitches, press statements, blog posts and other external facing content. Devise press strategies and provide communications guidance related to all Google Cloud AI initiatives. Develop and maintain close relationships with journalists in tech, business and developer press, key partners and influencers and represent Google as a company spokesperson. Understand Google Cloud AI technology, products and strategy and pitch stories highlighting the company’s leadership in this space. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in marketing, PR, media, or communications. Experience with AI/ML cloud services. Preferred qualifications: Experience providing communications guidance to product and engineering team members and devising communications strategies. Experience in AI/ML communications and strong relationships with tech, business and developer press. Ability to think, plan and execute on multiple projects simultaneously in an organized fashion. Demonstrated ability to work calmly and maintain good judgment in fast-paced, high-stress environments, as well as ability to escalate appropriately. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.