Position Summary: Responsible for inspiring and energizing key business partners to act upon the knowledge and insight generated to make informed business decisions, deliver against critical business objectives, and drive innovation. Identify key (sub) category opportunities and drivers to guide brand and innovation development Identify category specific trends as well as mega-trend applications Determine key benefits and size of opportunities to energize the teams behind them The primary influence teams include Category Strategy, Product Development, R&D, Packaging and Marketing - role will work closely with them to design research and learning experiences to enable strong knowledge adoption. The Consumer Insights Analyst will fuel opportunities for the company through the application of market and consumer understanding tools to the following streams of work: Holistic Opportunity Assessment for sub-categories - Develop recommendations to enable the Aveda brand to adjust innovation plans to win in key sub-categories (haircare, skincare, make-up, etc). Determine key benefits, their importance and role for key design consumers, and key category drivers from a consumer & market standpoint to guide innovation development. Identify category specific trends as well as mega-trend applications to the category –identify beauty trends that lead to creation of new categories, new segments and better ways of serving consumers. New Territory Identification – enable the identification of consumer relevant innovation territories that translate to consumer appeal. Contribute to their integration and adoption by Corporate Innovation and brand teams. Support specific platform programs as needed. Key responsibilities include: Recommend, create and execute learning plans for the different business needs in a collaborative manner. This includes identifying research partners in the industry that fulfill the needs of non-standard research methodologies. Manage and maximize the specific proportion of the research budget and identify potential gaps as projects arise. Enable the training and education of the business teams regarding Consumer and Market Insights, both through formal/forum training as well as on-the-spot coaching. Display independence on the day-to-day, alignment of key stakeholders for each project and accountability for budget management choices. Qualifications Education: BA/BS degree in Marketing or Communications Experience: Candidate must have at least 5 years experience in a consumer insights role, preferably in a fast-paced, highly-innovative consumer business supporting innovation, brand development and strategic work. Global experience in luxury, beauty, fashion desirable. Other: Flexibility, strong work ethic, quick learner, excellent oral and written communication, strategic thinker Able to handle a heavy workload with competing priorities Proven experience in applying Market Research methodologies for Innovation and Category Strategy. Proven analytical capabilities Must be equally capable of executing both quantitative and qualitative projects. Comfortable utilizing and analyzing various business intelligence sources outside consumer related insights (syndicated data, market level data, social media/digital analytics, retailer customer data, and consumer trends). Strong ability to turn insights into action through knowledge generation and activation (not just data collection) Ability to connect the dots and identify trends, present them in an engaging way and drive action from the working teams. Solid business acumen that would enable turning insights into actionable recommendations. Ideation/moderation experience a big plus. Job: Marketing Primary Location: Americas-US-MN-Blaine Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Shift: 1st (Day) Shift Travel: No We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Job Number: 185884