Category: 07 Reports To: Infrastructure Planning Manager Primary Functions: Enhances and interprets the enterprise architecture program and models for the Credit Union and its subsidiaries. Work with stakeholders to develop and maintain a holistic view of the organization's information and technical architecture. Lead and participate in technical design projects. Duties and Responsibilities: Translate complex information and technical concepts into understandable architectural models, documents, and diagrams. Create architectures that can be interpreted into designs. Develop to-be architectures as a strategic roadmap. Develop transition plans to migrate between as-is and to-be architectures. Develop architectural and technical standards. Conduct risk and business case analyses. Leverage architectural information to support analysis. Use data from existing data sets to support architectural modeling and reporting. Perform architecture reviews as part of governance processes like change management and project management. Participate in long-range planning. Participate in the design and engineering of information and technology solutions. Provide training to personnel. Interact with vendors, value added resellers (VARs), and other 3rd parties. Maintain a broad knowledge of data, software, and hardware technologies. Maintain in-depth knowledge of the enterprise architecture discipline. Perform other duties as assigned. Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related field. Creditable Experience in Lieu of Education: Equivalent in technical training and/or work experience. Experience/Skills: 7 years progressive experience in Information Technology with at least two years in a senior role. Comprehensive knowledge of hardware, software, and data engineering. Strong financial, mathematical and statistical abilities. Experience with enterprise architecture management systems (PlanningIT) desirable. SQL and Programming experience desirable. Project Management and leadership experience desirable. Must have demonstrated leadership qualities and ability to work in a collaborative team environment. Must have excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills. Credit union or banking experience is desirable. Tenure: Assignment to the Enterprise Architect I category 8, Enterprise Architect II category 07or Senior Enterprise Architect category 06 will be determined by the candidate’s education or experience. Advancement requires management recommendation and will be based on the candidate’s certifications and/or performance.