Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. We're looking for analytics leaders to work on our core products with a passion for social media to help drive informed business decisions for Facebook. You will enjoy working with cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in computer science or a related technical field, will have experience working with large data stores, and will have some experience building software. You are scrappy, focused on results, a self- starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, progression, and user engagement of a product. This position is located in our Seattle office. RESPONSIBILITIES Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our core products Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions Build/maintain reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our products Mine massive amounts of data and extract useful product insights Manage development of data resources, gather requirements, organize sources, and support product launches MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years of experience in managing other team members in a formal or informal capacity 4+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis 2+ years of experience in an analytical role in a technology company, consulting, investment banking, or product management 2+ years of experience with SQL or other programming languages Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance Ability to communicate the results of analysis PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, or related quantitative field. Understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages, such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)