Senior Business Analyst – Alliances and Channels (A &C;) Strategy Process Location: Santa Clara or San Diego, CA ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. What you get to do in this role: The Alliances and Channels team at ServiceNow is looking for a vibrant, experienced individual to fill the role of A &C; Strategy Process Senior Business Analyst. This data driven and process oriented analyst will be a key asset in the development of a single programmatic approach, which will in turn mature and evolve our programs benefiting our technology, reseller, services and sales partners to support and grow those ecosystems, or business, and ultimately the businesses of our partners. Their goal is to help deliver a world-class experience to our partners through every initiative, project and program they touch. The Strategy Process Business Analyst must ensure data integrity and quality, perform data modeling, analyze the data and match it to the program requirements. They will help us shape, evolve and implement our strategy through defining and tracking requirements, data quality and thorough analysis. The ideal candidate will be able to meet and deliver their commitments across multiple timelines using virtual and cross-functional teams. We are looking for innovators, game-changers, and those people that refuse to be “status-quo”! Support ongoing program office and practice programs, including content curation, data reporting/analytics and other project-based initiatives within the global Inspire organization. Work with A&C; Leadership and ServiceNow stakeholders to create content, strategies and analysis to support ongoing business and A&C; project initiatives and program office needs. Draft, edit and organize business case, best practice and value realization knowledge content and documentation for internal/external communications, publication and reporting. Data analysis, maintenance & improvement of business intelligence to monitor process, track metrics and measure performance/feedback for leadership/staff and other stakeholders. Perform budget planning, management and analysis activities for practice delivery and program office projects. Gather, prepare and summarize recommendations for financial plans, trended future requirements and operating forecasts. Produce program and project reports to include budget-to-actual revenue and expenditure information; analyze significant variances and report to Leadership team to make informed business decisions and effectively manage on-going team projects. Interact with A&C; leadership/staff and various groups/individuals at all levels within organization, including Partner Manager, Partner Marketing, Technology and Go-To-Market teams across all of A&E; and other relevant teams. Requirements and Preferred Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Information technology or a related field preferred but will consider applicants with equivalent work-related experience. A minimum of 10-15 years in a similar or appropriately relevant role, preferably within a business, finance or sales operations organization for a public enterprise software company. Knowledge of MS Excel (specifically, advanced formulas, pivot tables and charts) Strong analytical skills and familiarity with forecasting methods and data analysis Excellent numeracy skills with an attention to detail Knowledge of general and corporate business best practices and regulations Proficiency with large, complex information systems, data elements and reporting tools In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has: Superb problem-solving skills and logical thinking ability Superior verbal and written communication skills to provide advice and consultation to various levels of Inspire and Corporate leadership and staff. Strong corporate business acumen with long-term view of trends, issues and business implications. Independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Capacity to perform sophisticated analysis and solves problems that have little or no precedent to guide the search for solutions. This role will work within the Alliances and Channels (A &C;) organization, in support of World Wide Partner Operations and will reside in the Northern or Southern California area. We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.