SUMMARY: Berry Global (NYSE: BERY) is a $7.1B global manufacturer and marketer of plastic packaging products. Headquartered in Evansville Indiana, Berry operates over 125 global manufacturing facilities and employs over 23,000 individuals. At Berry Global, we pursue excellence in all that we do and are always advancing to improve the way we work along with the products and services we provide. With our proven expertise in packaging and protection solutions, and our dedicated insights team that follows trends across a wide range of industries, we are uniquely positioned to serve a broad range of markets and customer needs. Our culture fosters trust and partnerships through appreciation, acknowledgement, and inclusion. Here at Berry we are continuously improving to support our mission and exemplify our values of partnerships, excellence, growth and safety. We encourage you to be a part of Berry Global, the company that is always advancing to protect what’s important! PURPOSE: Inspect and pack injection molded parts. RESPONSIBILITIES: Maintain a clean and safe work area Report all unsafe acts or conditions, and injuries, to your supervisor immediately Input data into shop floor Visually check the quality of parts being packed Pack parts into boxes according to packaging specifications Call in problems on paging system and or Light System Clear stacker jams Make boxes Fill out & apply labels properly Grind on presses as needed Operate tape machines and box sealers Work in the printing department as an operator as needed Check in on down time with the supervisor - Daily Follow all good manufacturing practices (GMP’s) and (HACCP) Practices. Any other duties as assigned by supervisor or department manager Fill out Traveler information for production records and reports - Daily Fill out Traceability and Accountability Log Sheets – Daily Must keep track of all labels - Daily Must Apply Scrap Labels on Scrap Totes to Send (Machine Scrap) on Conveyor System. Must Know the Quality Policy and apply it to working practices. Shop Floor Must be able to work in a team environment and help others as needed. QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or one to three-months' related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Skills: Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, good manufacturing practices, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to speak effectively before groups of employees of organization. Mathematical Skills: Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. Reasoning Ability: Must possess the ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out written or oral instructions. Must possess the ability to deal with a variety of problems that may arise. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls, and reach with hands and arms. The employee frequently is required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to climb, balance and stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee must frequently push 15 to 35 pound boxes from an inclined roller cart to the powered, roller conveyor. May infrequently lift a box to place on hold. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near moving mechanical parts. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is loud and requires hearing protection.