Argo AI was founded to tackle one of the most challenging applications in computer science, robotics and artificial intelligence with self-driving vehicles. Argo AI is developing and deploying the latest advancements in artificial intelligence, machine learning and computer vision to help build safe and efficient self-driving vehicles that enable these transformations and more. The challenges are significant, but we are a team that believes in tackling hard, meaningful problems to improve the world. With offices in Pittsburgh, the Bay Area of California, Southeastern Michigan and Central New Jersey, we are building a high-performance team that is excited by complex engineering challenges and is passionate about making transportation safer, more affordable and accessible for all. We’re looking for an ambitious, high achieving self-starter who has a passion for the intersection of technology and mobility. This role will be part of the core team that is tasked with developing and executing Argo AI’s business strategy. You will work cross-functionally with our finance, systems, and engineering teams to research potential business models, analyze the competitive landscape, and build business cases to bring to the executive team. What you’ll do: Gather market data, perform competitive analyses, and synthesize findings. Perform detailed research into technical and business issues to inform strategic initiatives. Create strategy presentation materials that communicate key findings and recommendations. Work cross-functionally with teams across Argo’s entire organization to analyze new opportunities and drive insights. Act as part of the ongoing team to translate recommendations into action. What we’re looking for: BA/BS degree in, Finance, Business, Engineering or other quantitative field of study. At least 1 year of relevant industry experience, ideally in strategy consulting, investment banking, or corporate strategy in the technology sector. Established strong analysis and presentation skills including advanced use of the Google Suite tools, as well as Powerpoint and Excel. Solid written and verbal communication skills. Capable of operating successfully in unstructured and highly dynamic environments. At Argo AI, we have a strong emphasis on creating a highly effective team environment. Thus, we seek candidates that can work effectively with others across a broad range of disciplines. Argo AI is an equal opportunity employer that believes in diversity as a strength. We know it takes competitive benefits to fuel a team that works hard and enjoys the challenge. At Argo AI, you can expect stellar perks to support your best self: Full, high quality health/dental/vision insurance 401(k) plan with employer match Unlimited vacation Competitive compensation packages Flexible work locations Free parking Catered lunches and snacks Fitness reimbursement Commuter reimbursement Professional development reimbursement