Receiving Clerk Salary: See Position Description Closing Date: Job Type: Full-time Location: Kentfield & Indian Valley (Novato) Campuses, California Description: OPEN UNTIL FILLED _Priority Screening Date: July 10, 2018_ _All application materials must be received by the Priority Screening Date in order to be considered during the initial screening. Applications received after this date may be considered thereafter at the discretion of the college until the position is filled._ __ The Receiving Clerk performs warehousing duties consisting of loading and unloading orders, stocking inventory and maintaining warehouse; and inventories and transports orders of equipment, materials and supplies. DIVERSITY STATEMENT College of Marin strives to embrace diversity in all forms: it strives to be an Inclusive community that fosters an open, enlightened and productive environment and demonstrates sensitivity to and respect for a diverse population. COLLEGE OF MARIN _Established in 1926, College of Marin (COM) is one of 114 public community colleges in California accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. COM has two campuses in beautiful Marin County. The Kentfield Campus is located just north of the Golden Gate Bridge in Kentfield and the Indian Valley Campus is located minutes away on a spectacular 333 acre site in Novato._ _College of Marin's commitment to educational excellence is rooted in providing equitable opportunities and fostering success for all members of our diverse community by offering:_ _preparation for transfer to four-year colleges and universities_ _associate degrees and certificates_ _career technical education_ _basic skills improvement_ _English as a second language_ _lifelong learning_ _community and cultural enrichment_ _College of Marin responds to community needs by offering student-centered programs and services in a supportive, innovative learning environment that promotes social and environmental responsibility._ _COM_ _serves_ _a county population of approximately 250,000 residents. Based on fall 2017 credit enrollment data, the diversity of students at the college includes greater representation than the county with regards to enrollment by Hispanic/Latino (28% of enrollment), Asian (8%), Black/African American (4%), and Multi-racial (6%) students._ _To Apply:_ _http://jobs.marin.edu_ Essential Functions: Assembles furniture and equipment for the purpose of providing items in working condition. Collects interoffice mail for the purpose of distributing it between the two campuses. Delivers supplies, equipment, interoffice mail, schedules, catalogs, etc. for the purpose of transporting orders to designated sites. Maintains vehicles and warehouse equipment (e.g. cleaning, inspecting, fueling, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring safe operation of vehicle. Maintains vehicle and computer records on items for the purpose of documenting receipt, modifying inventory and providing written support and/or conveying information. Receives stock and non-stock items for the purpose of ensuring specifications, quantity and quality of orders are correct. Stocks equipment, materials and supplies (e.g. forms, schedules, catalogs, etc.) for the purpose of maintaining required inventory levels that will ensure availability of items when requested. Unloads deliveries for the purpose of distributing shipment at assigned site locations and/or individuals. OTHER FUNCTIONS Assists other personnel as may be required for the purpose of supporting them in the completion of their work activities. Requirements & Desirables: REQUIREMENTS 1.) Graduation from high school or equivalent; _and_ 2.) Job related experience; _and_ 3.) A valid CA driver's license; _and_ 4.) Ability to operate a forklift; _and_ 5.) Ability to lift up to 60 pounds; _and_ 6.) Demonstrated sensitivity to and an understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural and ethnic backgrounds, disabilities and learning styles of community college students and staff are also required. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (Desirable Attributes & Skills) _KNOWLEDGE_ is required to perform basic math; interpret written procedures, write routine documents and speak clearly; and solve practical problems. Specific knowledge required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job includes: basic vehicle maintenance and materials handling and storage. _SKILLS_ are required to perform single non-technical tasks with some need to upgrade skills due to changing job conditions. Specific skills required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include: using materials handling equipment including operating forklifts, pallet jacks, hand trucks, etc. Use of new or additional equipment brought about by new technology shall be incorporated consistent with the level of responsibility and complexity of this job. _ABILITY_ is required to schedule activities; gather, collate, and/or classify data; and coordinate a number of factors in the use of equipment. Flexibility is required to work with others under a variety of circumstances; analyze data utilizing defined and similar processes; and operate equipment using standard methods of operation. Ability is also required to work with a significant diversity of individuals and/or groups; work with data of different types and/or purposes; and utilize job related equipment. In working with others, some problem solving is required to analyze issues, create plans of action and reach solutions; with data it is limited; and with equipment it is limited. Specific abilities required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include: communicating with diverse groups: meeting deadlines and schedules; setting priorities; working as part of a team. CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Prior to employment, the selected candidate will be required to complete the following: In accordance with Federal Law all employees must provide proof of eligibility to work in the United States. Criminal Justice/Fingerprint Clearance. California Education Code, Section 87408.6 requires persons employed by a community college in an academic or classified position to submit to a TB risk assessment developed by CDPH and CTCA and, if risk factors are present, an examination to determine that he or she is free of infectious TB; initially upon hire and every four years thereafter. DISASTER SERVICE WORKERS: All Marin Community College District (MCCD) employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law (California Government Code Section 3100-3109). Employment with the MCCD requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to complete all Disaster Service Worker-related training as assigned, and to return to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. For more information, please see the MCCD Emergency Operations Plan. Candidates applying for positions with the Marin Community College District may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under the California Education Code. REQUIRED APPLICATION DOCUMENTS The following documents must be attached to your application in order to render it complete. Use the Attachment Type indicated in parentheses when making your attachments. Cover Letter _(cover letter)_ Resume _(resume)_ Supplemental & Salary Information: RESPONSIBILITY Responsibilities include: working under limited supervision focusing primarily on results; providing information and/or advising other persons; and operating within a defined budget and/or financial guidelines. Utilization of resources from other work units may be required to perform the job's functions. There is an opportunity to impact the Organization's services. WORKING ENVIRONMENT The usual and customary methods of performing the job's functions require the following physical demands: significant lifting, carrying, pushing and/or pulling; some climbing and balancing; significant stooping, kneeling, crouching and/or crawling; significant reaching, handling, fingering and/or feeling. Generally the job requires 60% sitting, 40% walking and 20% standing. The job is performed under minimal temperature variations, some hazardous conditions (e.g. mechanical, cuts, burns, infectious disease, high decibel noise, etc.), and in varying atmospheric conditions. CLASSIFICATION & RETIREMENT PLAN Employees in classifications represented by the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 1021 and are required to comply fully with the SEIU/Marin Community College District (MCCD) Bargaining Agreement, including payment of union dues or charitable contributions. General information regarding rights and responsibilities under the Agreement can be found in the Collective Bargaining Agreements section of our Human Resources site. SEIU employees are also members of the California Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS), to which the member contributes uo to 7% of his/her reportable compensation on a monthly basis. WORK SCHEDULE Campus: Kentfield & Indian Valley Campus (Novato) Full-time Equivalent: 1.0 - Full-time Months per Year: 12 Work Days/Hours: Monday - Friday 7:00am to 3:00pm (half-hour lunch) 7.5 Hours per Day 37.5 Hours per Week _NOTE: The College is closed on Fridays during the summer period, when the work schedule may change to Monday through Thursday according to departmental needs._ SALARY INFORMATION FLSA Status: Non-exempt Salary Range: SEIU 465 Starting Salary Range: $3,329.63 - $3,670.88 (Step A to C). Normal entering step is Step A. Please refer to our Human Resources web site for salary schedules. SELECTION PROCESS Applications must include the documents listed in the Required Documents section to be rendered complete; incomplete applications will not be accepted. Screening will begin after the priority screening date. Applicants selected to interview will be contacted to schedule an interview appointment with the screening committee; however, applicants will be notified of their status, either way, following the screening. Candidates forwarded by the committee following the first interview may be invited for a second interview. Regrettably, College of Marin is not able to offer reimbursement for travel to interviews at this time. Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-c198dc6df425694e8de783d02df83e4f