At Boston Children’s Hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. It’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced. In major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness and in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. As a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, our reach is global and our impact is profound. Join our acclaimed Pediatric Physicians’ Organization at Children’s (PPOC's) and discover how your talents can change lives. Yours included. This Healthcare Data Analyst will be responsible for: Researching, designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining report and analytical facilities in the context of the PPOC's clinical and/or financial systems. Collaborating with clinical and administrative staff to ensure that reports are timely, accurate, meaningful, and interpretable. Ensuring that analyses and reports provide detailed, specific data regarding performance of individuals, teams, programs, divisions, and the department as a whole. Generating reports from a variety of internal and external sources including benchmarking databases (e.g. PHIS, PACT, specialty-specific registries). Providing analyses and reports of performance indicators, providing trended data using statistical process control or other appropriate epidemiological techniques. Maintaining sufficient knowledge of biostatistical techniques to ensure effective collaboration with biostatisticians and epidemiologists regarding appropriate data analysis. Participating in regular ‘Report Development’ Users Group within the PPOC and adhere to appropriate technical standards and guidelines. To qualify, you must have: The knowledge of theories, principles, and concepts typically acquired through completion of a Bachelor's degree in computer science or a closely related field and a minimum of 3 to 5 years of experience. Technical awareness of coding systems, data types and data structures used to store clinical, demographic, and financial data in healthcare databases is a plus. The knowledge of clinical concepts, terminology and workflow – preferably as they apply to pediatrics. One year of experience in a pediatric healthcare setting is preferred. Experience with computer-based reporting and analysis tools such as: Microsoft Access, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, SAS, SPSS, Cognos, or Microstrategy is preferred. An understanding of the value and use of standardized definitions, calculations, naming, and data storage conventions when working with such tools. An understanding of basic relational database concepts, SQL syntax, and coding practices. In addition, familiarity with dimensional data modeling concepts used in data warehousing, business intelligence and business analytics applications would be a big plus. The ability to translate reporting needs expressed in clinical or operational terms to technical solutions based on existing data, data structures and query tool functionality. Certification in Epic Clarity Version 2015 preferred. Boston Children’s Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off). Discover your best. Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.