At Valence, we’re all about building potential. That goes for our clients as well as our co-workers. Our mission is to help our customers advance through transformative technology, and we are looking for amazing people to make that happen. Are you ready to dive in, with all your best ideas and creative vision? With Valence, you will work with cutting edge technology in a collaborative environment where you can influence direction and see the impact of your contributions. And we always celebrate as a team when we’ve just delivered something awesome. From our beautiful, modern office space, to our Innovation Studio that encourages everyone to think broadly and experiment with new ideas, we are constantly looking for ways to make Valence an amazing career home for our employees. Our culture is about open communication, open doors, mutual respect at all levels, promoting innovation, and embracing creative ideas from everyone. From our open recruiting process to fun-filled onboarding days with team members and company executives, we want our employees to feel seen and heard even before joining our team. Valence is a dynamic place to build your career, innovate and learn. Come join us – let’s build potential together! OVERVIEW: Would you like to work on the edge? The edge of technology, innovation, and what cloud-based applications can do? Then join our team as a Cloud Software Developer. You will participate in the development of cloud- based applications responsible for deploying, utilizing, and enabling AI technologies at the edge. You will be working with the team to design and implement an end-to-end, leading-edge solution for enterprise clients. With Valence, you will be able to work with cutting edge technology in a collaborative environment where you can influence direction and see the impacts of your contributions. We love to innovate and are looking for people with a passion for building. DAY-TO-DAY: Primary back end developer for several innovation projects at Valence focused on AI, custom machine learning, and natural language interfaces Support project architects in designing back end solution that facilitate running custom machine learning systems on edge devices Design data store/management, APIs, and processing services using the public cloud Make strategic technical decisions related to new products and functionalities You can translate designs into working functionality with flare You will work in Agile/Scrum/Kanban/Waterfall environments and feel comfortable with any We expect you to take smart risks and champion new ideas WE’D LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU IF: You have a deep interest in knowing the latest trends and techniques in the industry. You will have the opportunity to actively contribute to Valence assets —articles, whitepapers, case studies, etc. You have 3+ years building on AWS or Azure platforms 5+ years of professional software development using modern web development technologies and languages including NodeJS, C, Java, or Python Solid familiarity with relational and NoSQL databases Experience designing and deploying RESTful APIs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline It’s a plus if you have an AWS Developer Certification You have some experience with front-end frameworks such as React, React Native, Angular2, or Vue.js WHAT WE OFFER: Fully paid medical/dental/vision benefits for you and your family 401(k)-fully vested immediately, 4% match @ 100% 3 weeks of PTO, plus 8 paid holidays Flexible work schedules, telecommute options, Seattle and Bellevue locations 12 weeks paid Parental Leave Flexible Spending Plan for dependent care, health care and commuter/transit costs Short & Long-Term Disability, fully paid for Life Insurance Numerous company and team building events Low-stress interview process Innovative work culture with automated stand ups, chatbot HR tools, and our own Innovation Studio WHAT WILL MAKE YOU SUCCESSFUL AT VALENCE? You have a passion for innovation and technology. You have a sense of humor. You believe in the potential in everyone. You are ego-free. You’re collaborative and value a work culture where great ideas can come from anyone. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.