Overview Assembles, installs, and configures hardware and software. Uses diagnostics to perform testing on configured or assembled computers and related type products. Troubleshoots problems that may occur during the performance of their duties by using technical support from within the department. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Required Installs, configures, tests, and diagnoses hardware and software on computers and computer-related equipment. Assembles computer and related products in accordance to work instructions. Logs and tracks orders accurately using established procedures. Troubleshoots problems that occur while performing configurations. Attends and completes continuous training in new software and hardware releases. Documents and utilizes ISO processes and procedures. Additional Duties and Responsibilities: Assists other associates. Ensures record keeping requirements are met. Performs material handling duties. Maintains a professional and clean work environment. Performs assembly of hardware and software. Administers team level productivity and quality objective. Performs any additional duties as assigned. Meets attendance and accountability standards. Performs additional duties as assigned Meets attendance and punctuality standards Qualifications, Required Knowledge Skills & Abilities and Working Conditions The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Able to troubleshoot system-related problems. Use relevant computer system applications (which may include spreadsheets, word processors, databases, etc) at a basic level. Quickly learn new systems and technology. Constructively work under stress and pressure when faced with high workloads and deadlines. Able to maintain confidentiality of senstitive information. Possesses strong organizational and time management skills, driving tasks to completion. Required Educational: High School/G.E.D. Certifications: A+ certified and one year hardware experience, or 2 years hardware experience, preferred. Working Conditions: Clean room environment requiring ESD protection. Consistent non-standard work or overtime as business requires. Distribution center environment