zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. We want every customer to be a passionate fan of zulily. Our success is having a healthy business with happy customers. We are seeking a talented Marketing Analyst to leverage data and analytics to drive customer growth and positively impact marketing performance down to the bottom line. You are an experienced analyst who loves digging into data, structuring problems, and building models and analyses to identify actionable insights. You drive projects from beginning to end and communicate insights to stakeholders at all levels, from peers to executives. You are analytical and understand the complexities surrounding digital and offline marketing channels as well as challenges in cross-channel attribution and optimization. You enjoy being creative in your use of data-driven tools and methodologies to understand marketing levers. You are excited about working in an environment that is innovating the way data and technology are used to drive customer growth. What you'll do: You will own and lead projects to identify, model, and evaluate opportunities. Use customer centric data analysis, data visualization, segmentation, a/b testing and predictive modeling methods to optimize across channels and within campaigns. Use statistical methods and tools to test hypotheses, develop insights and make recommendations. Work with stakeholders to identify multi-million dollar opportunities and facilitate data-driven decision-making. Communicate insights using data visualization and presentations to stakeholders of all levels. Perform ad-hoc data analysis to answer business questions and guide strategy. Identify key metrics used to evaluate marketing performance and build out dashboards to surface business-critical KPIs and trends. Partner with technology teams to build out a best-in-class marketing platform and data infrastructure. Develop deep subject matter expertise and act as a Marketing Analytics subject matter expert within the Marketing organization. Stay current on best practice in Marketing Analytics methodologies and trends. QUALIFICATIONS The ideal candidate for this role has a combination of eCommerce knowledge and the passion to drive customer growth using data-driven insights. 3-5 years working with customer and marketing data and/or analytics. Bachelor's degree in quantitative or computer science field or equivalent experience. Strong analytical skills and data-driven approach; ability to measure the impact of project deliverables. Proficient in data mining languages such as SQL or equivalent. Advanced capabilities in extracting and manipulating large data sets. Skilled in Excel, PowerPoint, Tableau (or similar dashboard software). Familiarity with R or Python a plus. Excellent communication and presentation skills; ability to communicate effectively with other areas of the business. Ability to prioritize and manage assignments to meet deadlines and establish solid relationships. Strong bias for action. Experience in a high paced, high volume multi-tasking role and environment. zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.