Job Description IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. With global reach, outcome-focused methodologies and deep industry expertise, IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries. Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM. The Public Service Sector consulting practice is a trusted advisor to federal, state and local governments, partnering to meet challenges and responding quickly to citizen demands, business needs, new economic conditions, and changing legislative priorities and policies. The HPSS Tester will be responsible for creating test plans, developing test cases, test methods, and scripts, running and monitoring tests, writing test reports, and supporting other release management activities. The HPSS Tester responsibilities will include but are not limited to: Analyze HPSS features and functions, and design, draft, and develop corresponding test scenarios, test scripts and test cases. Create and execute functional system tests, review/analyze test results and open defects in Problem/Defect Management system. Create test data required for testing. Utilize version control software to review existing test cases/scripts and check-in new test cases/scripts Proactively review HPSS system designs and logs to identify opportunities to improve HPSS and lower the number of problems found after release. BENEFITS Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population. CAREER GROWTH Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through: Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee’s strengths and career aspirations Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation In 2015, Go Organic filled approximately 50% of our open positions with internal talent that were promoted into the role. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in! http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps (2252) PSHJ Required Technical and Professional Expertise 3 years experience creating and executing functional system tests 3 years experience with UNIX shell scripting (Python, Ksh) 3 years experience with test script and test case development 3 years experience performing software inspections 3 years experience with Unix/Linux 3 years experience with systems integration and application integration (experience setting up Unix/Linux systems) Preferred Tech and Prof Experience 2 years experience with C coding 2 years experience with Open Source Software application 2 years experience assisting in the development of test plans Working knowledge of defect management tools, 2 years experience with test data creation for testing 2 years Experience with version control software and its use for test assets Experience with full-lifecycle testing methodology artifacts (e.g., Master Test Plan, Test Report), Industry knowledge of High Performance Computing, SANs, VFS, Infiniband, POSIX, SAMBA, Kerberos, LDAP, Unix security, 1 year experience with DB2 administration AIX administration Experience with service providers on top of AWS IaaS/PaaS offerings EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.