Job Purpose: Are you up to the challenge? At ePlus, we engineer transformative technology solutions for the most visionary companies in the world. This takes imagination, relentless client service, and the tenacity to enable our clients to achieve their visions. Our partnerships with leading edge technology manufacturers—many of which look to us for their own technology infrastructure needs—keep us immersed across the broad spectrum of the IT ecosystem. As a Solutions Architect, you will function as the technical lead for ePlus for targeted, key solution sets. You will be a key contributor in the pre- sales process, assisting the regional sales team in evaluating customers’ needs, and developing solutions from concept to implementation. From strategy to fulfillment to managed services, our engineering centric solutions enable our clients to realize what it means for technology to do more. Job Responsibilities: Design and implement advanced networking solutions for ePlus customers. Consult with clients to provide positive business impact through he use of technology. Provide technical leadership, guidance and delegation to other Engineering project team members Compose and present professional level solution design documentation Meet client and internal deadlines for project deliverables and outcomes Work directly with the Project Management team to communicate project status activity on a regular basis Assist with technical scoping/review for Statements of Work (SOWs) for assigned accounts Conduct knowledge transfer with SAT members around solution updates, implementation lessons learned, etc., as relevant Assist sales and services management in identifying candidate solution areas for ePlus development or investment Provide guidance and mentorship to peer Architects and Managed Services Engineers Serve as an internal escalations resource for Managed Services incidents Complete training, per development plan, and maintain certifications in accordance with focus area Ensure appropriate coverage for in-process opportunities while out of office for training, vacation, PTO, etc. Complete administrative tasks (expenses, time reporting) in a timely fashion