Senior GDS Integration Analyst \- (180002XE) Carlson Wagonlit Travel SatoTravel (CWTSatoTravel) is seeking an experienced Senior GDS Intergration Analyst for our US TC Fort, Richardson, Alaska onsite location. As the U.S. military and government division of Carlson Wagonlit Travel (CWT), CWTSatoTravel is a global leader specializing in seamless travel management services to our U.S. federal clients. We employ a team of more than 900 associates throughout 187 locations in 14 countries and U.S. territories. Though our offices are spread across the world, we are a tight-knit group with access to resources and innovations that enable us to deliver the best services in the industry. We are very proud of our 65+ year history serving U.S. military and government clients, and are always looking for new talent to help us grow as a team. Our most valuable asset as a company is the quality of our people. We are a growing family, and encourage you to check out our career opportunities and start your journey with CWTSatoTravel today. Position Description This is a home based position. CWT’s Military and Government is seeking a full time Senior GDS Integration Analyst This position requires working with multiple functional areas across the business with minimal supervision. The Specialist will interact with, and rely on, experienced team members for ultimate expertise and information on CWT M &Gs GDS integration processes. This position has no direct reports, but has some oversight of junior analyst. Responsibilities: Write quality structured GDSx and online booking tool OBT script code from specifications conforming to the established methodology and standards. Analyze product defects and determine if code or configuration is required to resolve both OBE and GDSx integration issues. Conduct testing and deploy work in accordance with established methodology and standards of script code. Act as internal team escalation on complex coding issues. Code review team members’ work and enforce methodology and standards Configure and verify OBT setups for new and updated customers. Configure and verify GDSx setups for new and updated customers. Escalate and track vendor issues to the appropriate support desk for the booking tool via email, phone or customized inquiry system. Analyze existing business processes and service delivery, implementing recommendations or coordinating with others when assigned. Advise management of known risks and offers solutions to identified obstacles. Participate in weekly meeting with OBT vendor to discuss issues, new revisions and future enhancements on behalf of our client base. Act as a mentor and SME for junior team members Verify accuracy of PNR’s that are created from the booking tool sites. Generate and work the Daily Maintenance Report. Perform other duties as assigned Qualifications Education High School diploma. Technical, trade school, or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Programming or related field preferred. Experience Minimum of 8 years of programming experience using GDS scripting or with site administration of OBT (GetThere preferred). License or Certification M &G security clearance; GSA and DOJ security clearance. Knowledge Good knowledge of online booking tools, GDS and online fulfillment processes. Native Sabre and/or Apollo or Worldspan or Amedeus proficient. Skills Excellent skills using a scripting or other programming language. Excellent oral/written/interpersonal communication skills. Proficient with all Microsoft Office products and related software applications. Abilities Ability to set and manage priorities in a fast-paced, multi-project environment. Strong attention to detail. Excellent initiative and self- motivation. Ability to effectively collaborate and work well in team environments, especially cross-functional teams. Strong customer (internal and external) orientation. Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : Yes Employment type : Standard Job Family : Information Technology Scope : Global Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : Customer_Military & Government Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Jun 26, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class