We are looking for a motivated quality engineer with technical writing experience to perform the quality assurance/quality control and logistics activities in support of multiple programs under the Mission Solutions portfolio. Products produced will be used by customers and personnel to reference while installing, using, maintaining, and training others on our software and hardware. Other job responsibilities include supporting engineering, design, software development, material procurement, integration, test, training, management, integrated program support, configuration management, and cyber security activities under the RMF guidelines for classified systems. The ideal candidate will manage the configuration of product and documentation baselines. Responsibilities will include defining the initial configuration items, manage/coordinate the change process, develop process and procedures, maintain tracking of documentation and deliverables, maintain the inventory of the systems, monitoring approved changes, tracking program action items, and other CM duties as requested. Other functions may include process improvement, technical planning, tool evaluation and implementation and technical support to engineering and program management. Candidate will participate in the change control process, providing baseline maintenance, monitoring and reporting on the status of configuration items, monitoring processes and procedures in the CM project lifecycle, recommending process and procedural improvements, maintaining the change management database and ensuring adherence with CM processes and procedures. An understanding of Unique Identification of components and sub-components is desired, along with good written and verbal communication skills. Must be able to interact well with peers, management and the customer. Being fluent with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint are also highly desirable. Duties include Track licensing and software products Conduct and keep detailed inventory of all equipment Manage packaging, delivery and deployment of equipment to government facilities to include detailed record keeping Maintain hardware end-of-life tracking databases Create, maintain and recommend processes and procedures for purposes of ensuring RMF and other required documentation is established and maintained Organize, hold and recommend boards and other activities to ensure compliance with contract deliverables and security requirements are met Participate in all aspects of testing, including functional, regression, load/performance, system, and user acceptance testing. Lead/Participate in customer-witnessed acceptance testing. Develop overall test plans and schedules, understanding functionality, coverage, and risks. Report test progress, coverage, defect metrics, overall assessment as required. Define quality metrics and targets for assessment, measurement and continuous improvement of QA and testing effectiveness. Desired Skills: Security+ (or equivalent) desired Problem resolution and tracking (such as Bugzilla) Ability to work with different engineering disciplines to derive and decompose requirements. Must be able to interface with the customer. Experience in configuration identification, control, status accounting and auditing. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Experience in managing of documents (Deliverables) and Government property. Experience with Unique Identification (UID) marking and tracking. Fluent with Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, Visio (or other drawing application) and PowerPoint. Excellent written and verbal communication. Experience with dealing with supply chain and logistics support. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.