Description: Austin - TX, AUS1, 2309 Gracy Farms Lane, 78758 Sruti Patel 20180610-3859 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: The software engineer will become a key member and active participant on a highly collaborative and self-organizing agile scrum team. We're looking for someone passionate about searching out, pioneering, and evangelizing new and emerging technologies in order to build exceptional software solutions. Consideration for high quality software implementation, delivery, and maintenance is a must. Initiative should be taken when opportunities arise to influence and/or improve the effectiveness of the product development process. Other key responsibilities include: Engage in understanding product and features to better participate in product development. Develop software in local, cloud, networked, mobile or internet-related technology. Utilize strong engineering practices to develop highly maintainable, secure, scalable, available, and performant end to end systems. Focus on logging, user-base testing, and KPI's to better inform product development decisions. Maintain operational soundess through alert tuning, service-provider and vendor monitoring, and automated techniques to ensure production availability. Deliver predictably and efficiently with high quality and customer satisfaction. Help create, promote, and develop a highly-engaged, supportive and innovative technology team that others would want to be a part of. What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Distributed and Web Development-less than 2yrs Position Located In: TX - Austin Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Information Technology Activation Date: Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Expiration Date: Friday, November 2, 2018 Apply Here