Mercer Advisors is a fee-only, independent RIA whose purpose is helping our clients achieve Economic Freedom. Established in 1985 as one of the nation’s first fee-only financial planning firms, we have a rich legacy of operating exclusively as a fiduciary. Unique to many RIAs we offer a full-suite of services all in house for our clients including investment management, financial planning, estate planning (in-house law firm), tax planning and preparation (on staff CPAs) and trustee services. With over $12 billion in assets and 8,000 clients we are growing rapidly through both organic and inorganic growth (14 acquisitions in last two years). We are looking for talented, motivated people like you who can add to the growth of our business and culture.The Business Intelligence Senior Analyst is an integral part of the Strategy & Business Intelligence team, the group responsible for informing strategic action and efficient business processes across the company. This group reports to the Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Leaders across the firm rely on this group to report on the operational activity and performance of the organization – from the client account level up to aggregated business-level results – as well as providing the key inputs for strategic decision-making. Frontline Service and Sales staff are also key clients of the group, relying on this team for information on their work with clients and prospects. Roles and Responsibilities: The Senior Analyst will be responsible for researching, collecting, analyzing and reporting operational and business data from multiple sources. This individual will support existing processes as well as scope, research, propose, create and maintain new ones. This individual will also play a key role in development of the next generation of reporting and analytics working firm wide to enhance our data environment and capabilities. Effective relationships with the Leaders of the Technology, Sales, Operations, Finance and Executive teams and their staff are critical to supporting the mission and success of each of those organizations. A service mindset will be helpful in delivering on our group’s promise to our internal clients. The Senior Analyst will be initially tasked against 2 or 3 key support areas, while participating strategically in firm wide initiatives. Critical to success in this role is the ability to play a leadership role on the team, working collaboratively toward common goals, as well as effectively managing his or her own projects and areas of responsibility. This position is ideal for an individual who is analytically minded, and fluid in manipulating and reporting on business and operational data, but who has an interest in direct participation with firm leadership and contributing to the decisions that have real impact on business results. The Senior Analyst should be able to use their judgment to identify which elements in a project are important and which are just noise, or will have a negligible impact on the decision. They should to be able to present information in a compelling way that communicates the findings of an analysis both visually and in written form. Strong interpersonal, presentation, and PowerPoint skills will be rewarded. Experience in Financial Services in analytics, statistical analysis and/or reporting capacity are essential. While not a requirement, an individual with interest and/or relevant experience may have opportunity to support other aspects of strategic projects including gathering competitive intelligence, analyzing a strategic problem, or conducing an analysis of the financial impact of a given decision. Examples of Current and Past Projects for the Senior Analyst: Developing and refining a dataset to support a project team working on segmenting the client base into unique groups based on household characteristics. Pulling information from Salesforce and Envestnet to understand client products and services, behavior, assets, and associated revenue. Working with Head of Client Service to review, refine and update a Dashboard showing metrics and KPIs across different branches throughout the country Responding to inquiries from Advisors (Service Team) and RVPs (Sales Team) to customize Salesforce queries to meet their current needs. Using that experience to help review how custom queries are used across the branches and implement an approach that standardizes data definitions used in the branches. Convening a working group of stakeholders to define key metrics for a given aspect of the business. Identifying alternative definitions for metrics, defining the pros and cons of each, and leading the group in a decision on which metrics to use firmwide – followed by leading an implementation Collaborate and mentor Analyst(s) on the team. While not the current team configuration, there is potential to manage Analyst level resources in the future. Meanwhile, influencing and mentoring are key skills to help develop team members, build skills and help promote teamwork. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution required (with preference to the fields of Business, Economics, Accounting, Finance, or STEM disciplines) Successful completion of analytic coursework such as economics, mathematics, or physical sciences Minimum of 5 years of data analytics, statistics and/or reporting experience Minimum of 3 years of experience in Financial Services Excellent verbal, written, analytical and organizational skills Ability to demonstrate flexibility and adaptability in an environment with rapidly changing business and technology needs Proficiency with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook, VBA, MySQL, Salesforce and Tableau Self-motivated and proactive with the ability to play a leadership role on a team Interest in managing, coaching and developing other team members Working Conditions: Professional office environment. Working inside. Standing and sitting. Will be assigned to a workstation. No heavy lifting over 10 lbs. We can offer you an exciting, fast-paced working environment, and the opportunity to play a vital role in our growth. Mercer Advisors is an equal opportunity employer offering a competitive salary and benefit package. We not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting.