Requisition ID: 188345 Work Area: Software-Design and Development Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Management Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. You are a key player in SAP Concur’s continuing, successful software transformation to a true Service Mesh running Securely in a public cloud infrastructure. Along with your counterparts in the Technology organization, you define the rules, boundaries, best practices, and edge cases that enable hundreds of developers on Agile teams to do their best work. You are an outspoken advocate of Security by Design, and have detailed knowledge of how that can be achieved and managed. In the first 12 months you will deliver: Development of a deep understanding of the existing architecture at Concur, and of the challenges facing the organization in moving to cloud-native solutions. Top-down perspectives in multi-team collaborations, driving them to secure, scalable solutions. Become known as a champion of Security by Design. Identified key areas for collaboration to reduce redundancy, while respecting the rights of teams to own their decisions. Strong working relationships between yourself and the Central Architecture, Operations, Product, Security & Privacy, and other R&D product teams and Architects. Established mentorship relationships with engineering leads throughout Travel engineering as needed. In order to accomplish this, you will need to: Have a deep understanding of systems architecture. Have excellent collaboration skills, including knowing when to push hard with others and when to accept decisions. Be conversent with the latest technologies for data center services and service mesh technologies. Have an understanding and hands-on experience running software in a public cloud infrastructure. Have proven experience solving difficult software design challenges involving a system at scale. Understand and respect that there is a need to balance stability for tens of thousands of happy, global customers with the need for major architectural changes. Be an outspoken advocate for change and challenge assumptions, while respecting the work of those who came before. Understand security and compliance constraints with experience implementing key controls through software and process. Requirements: BSCS, BSEE, or equivalent years of work experience 10+ years in a technical related field Effective communication skills, focusing on presentation of technical information Advanced knowledge of software design and development process Domain modeling skills Energy, confidence, and the ability to get along with others Advanced knowledge of software design, tools, and continuous delivery development process in an agile open source environment Leadership skills to mentor team members, both by example and through direct involvement Experience with service mesh technologies Demonstrated knowledge of software tools, documentation process, and the Agile development process Experience with end-to-end ownership Awareness of business issues and their impact on product development Advanced knowledge in Linux-based systems Experience with Git or a similar version control system Willingness and demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly Flexibility/Tolerance to change in tasks Interest in full stack development (programming, research, deployment, automation, testing, …) LI-TP1 WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: