Senior Analyst, Digital Merchandising Analytics will lead customer analytics efforts and help guide the digital merchandising strategy for Qurate. In this role you will collaborate closely with Qurate business leaders, providing them with comprehensive customer behavioral and merchandising insights to support the decision making process. You will be responsible for helping to shape the digital merchandising strategy by providing critical business insights and helping to manage customer expectations. Senior Analyst will analyze merchandising assortment and marketing tactics through statistical modeling, key driver analysis, customer segmentation and profiling, design of experiments, competitive analysis, and data mining. The position is based outside of Philadelphia at our Studio Park headquarters in West Chester, PA. Job Description Details The Senior Analyst, Digital Merchandising Analytics is someone who is passionate about our customer across Qurate, primarily QVC & HSN. You will drive customer growth by identifying acquisition opportunities and retention improvements through data and analytics. Senior Analyst will drive sales growth by identifying merchandising opportunities and productivity improvements through data and analytics. You should love digging into data, building models to assist in identifying actionable insights, and communicating insights across the organization. The Senior Analyst is well tuned around our customer, prospects, products, and our competition. Job Responsibilities Digital Merchandising Insights Leads and executes ad-hoc projects that inform both the strategic and tactical initiatives of the digital merchandise team Identify business trends and shifts, and recommend data-driven responses to the organization Monitor competitive actions and pricing and determine impact on Qurate results Develop new ways of viewing and analyzing digital merchandising data Use digital merchandise centric data analysis, data visualization, a/b testing and predictive modeling methods to optimize across channels and within campaigns Design merchandising, targeting and segmentation recommendations to optimize digital sales across channels Digital Customer Insights Coordinate and execute ad-hoc projects that inform both the strategic and tactical initiatives of the ICE Marketing team related to customer acquisition and retention Use customer centric data analysis, data visualization, segmentation, a/b testing and predictive modeling methods to optimize across channels and within campaigns Use statistical methods and tools to test hypotheses, develop insights and make recommendations Design targeting and segmentation schemes to optimize marketing spend Identify business trends and shifts, and recommend data-driven responses to the organization Conduct research on and provide insight into industry / competitive marketing trends Stay informed about, communicate, and apply new or current trends and best practices in ecommerce analytics Develop deep subject matter expertise and act as a Digital Merchandising Analytics subject matter expert within the organization Partner with technology teams to build out a best-in-class digital merchandising and marketing platforms and data infrastructure. Work with external vendors on new data sources and recommend new approaches to incorporate into analysis Standardize and broaden metric reporting and tracking Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in math/stats/engineering or related, 5+ years of experience in digital merchandise analytics. 2 years of experience with marketing analytics (e.g. digital tactics, targeting and customer segmentation, lifetime value forecasting, and incremental response modeling, etc.) Experience with analysis tools including Excel VBA, R, SPSS, Python, R, and SAS. Demonstrates expertise with SQL, Tableau, & BigQuery Knowledge of digital analytics tools (Coremetrics, Google Analytics), data visualization tools (Tableau), statistical computing tools (R, SPSS), query and database access tools (MicroStrategy), A/B testing and targeting strategies, and digital analytics industry trends and best practices. Understanding of disparate methodologies of digital audience measurement Proficiency with digital media research and analytics tools including Coremetrics, Hitwise, Google Trends, and Similar Web. Knowledge of marketing technologies such as attribution, bid management, ad servers, tag management, etc. Applies higher level technical concepts (e.g. testing, regressions, etc.) & tools (e.g. Python, R, etc.) Advanced capabilities in modeling, extracting, and manipulating large data sets, Deep understanding of incremental analysis Experienced in applying a variety of statistical techniques to find actionable insights Understanding of sampling and testing methodology including A/B splits and multivariate testing Ability to diagnose complex queries independently Leads cross-functional projects; works independently with Business Intelligence to ensure data integrity Deep analytical skill set and experience in media analysis Constantly explores automation and reduces project lifecycle via technology, efficient querying, automation, etc. Ability to synthesize qualitative and quantitative data to arrive at data driven conclusions and express them intuitively Able to translate complex data into action by clearly and cogently communicating the implications of analyses from peers up to senior management. Ability to influence senior leadership and decision makers across departments. Strong leadership skills; ability to motivate, inspire, coach and develop team members Ability to manage team priorities, work cooperatively, influence and collaborate with cross-functional teams in a very fast paced environment Strong communication and persuasion skills Senior Analyst, Digital Merchandising Analytics QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ: QVCA, QVCB), is the world’s leading video and ecommerce retailer. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 300 million homes worldwide through operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy and a joint venture in China. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has evolved from a TV shopping company to a leading ecommerce and mobile commerce retailer. The company’s website, QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. As an equal opportunity employer, QVC is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.