Telephony Engineer I - Genesys SIP - INF001142 Plan, design, develop, implement and support Telephony related infrastructure technologies including large Genesys Pure Engage contact center implementations including SIP Server, SIP Endpoints, GAX, Feature Server, Interactions Server, Conversation Manager, VoIP Networking Architecture and Database required. Provide subject matter expertise around the specific technologies. Provide project lead oversight for the deployment of infrastructure projects. Act as primary vendor interface and tier-two support for applications and technologies provided and supported by vendors. This position can sit in the following markets: Chicago, IL at our corporate headquarters near O’Hare Airport with easy access off the Blue Line. Waukesha, WI (Milwaukee, WI) Madison, WI Tulsa, OK Knoxville, TN Role Specific Responsibilities Identify changes needed in the infrastructure configuration to achieve the technology organization goals Define aggregate demand data in support of budget plans and make recommendations for ways to improve performance and / reduce costs Supports the infrastructure strategy reviews and development by performing applicable analysis Provide project management oversight to infrastructure implementation projects. Supports day-to-day operations, including resolution of individual user issues and requests. Implements technology and infrastructure changes for platforms to improve performance and scoring. Analyzes system response and determines tuning recommendations to improve performance. Manage effective issue identification and resolution process; serve as the focal point for infrastructure-related issue / crisis resolution Identify opportunities to save costs and more effectively manage assets and escalate the opportunities Ensure communication of process and procedure changes to key stakeholders Design an effective test plan for any new / changed infrastructure technology and work with Project Managers, QA / Testing Managers and Release Managers to ensure its implementation before the client takes possession of the system Support identification and collection of metrics and performance reporting processes Monitors delivery against SLAs and reports exceptions to management Serves as a fully seasoned/proficient technical resource. Participate in process improvement initiatives, when applicable Additional Responsibilities Partners with Multi-channel Customer Service Operations & Financial Services to provide support, guide, and update care center and outsourced vendor activities. Provides analytical insight into contact center operations evaluates trends and leads changes/improvements in infrastructure and support. Qualifications College degree in related technical / business areas or equivalent work experience Understanding of the technology organization and / or business and technology Re-engineering / process improvement experience, leading and coaching quality improvement projects Strong change management skills; change agent Excellent problem solving / analytical skills and knowledge of analytical tools Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to create / define metrics that accurately reflects the current state of a given process In depth understanding of the call center acumen, operations, strategy and business practices Current technical experience relevant to Genesys contact center support including end to end call routing support, SIP endpoints, voice/chat/email routing & reporting, telephony capacity metrics, vendor support, Oracle databases, Wire Shark. Genesys certifications are a plus Previous experience supporting call recording (NICE) or workforce management (Aspect) integration is a plus. Some Travel required Must be able to support on-call rotation & overnight work as needed Work Experience Required Telephony Engineer I: 5 to 7 years relevant work experience Call Center Technologies: Genesys – SIP Server, Interaction Server Genesys - Workspace Desktop Edition (WDE) Genesys – Feature Server & GAX Genesys – Call Center Pulse – CCPulse/ Pulse Genesys – Conversation Manager Genesys – Outbound Contact Server (OCS) Genesys SIP Endpoints VoIP & SIP Networking Architecture Relevant Technical Skills The Infrastructure Engineer is NOT expected to know all of the skills at any given point in their career. The critical skills will depend on his/her current level and specific responsibilities within IS organization. Instead, this list includes typical skills that an Infrastructure Engineer may be required to demonstrate over the course of this role. Other Call Center Technologies: Genesys – ICON / InfoMart Genesys - Genesys Voice Portal IVR Virtual Hold Technologies – Virtual Hold (VHT) Business Objects Red Hat Linux Oracle Database NICE Systems call recording & analytics – Engage, RTS Aspect – Workforce Management (WFO) & RTA Netscout nGenious Audio Codes PSTN Gateways & Oracle SBCs Empirix OneSight, VoiceWatch Oracle (Acme Packet) Session Border Controller (SBC) Audio Codes Mediant Gateway PCI Segmentation Job : Information Technology Location(s) : Illinois-CHICAGO_IL Wisconsin-MADISON_WI, Oklahoma-TULSA_OK, Tennessee- KNOXVILLE_TN, Wisconsin-WAUKESHA_WI U.S. Cellular® is an EEO employer and gives consideration to qualified applicants without regard to race/color/age/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/veteran status, pregnancy or genetic information.