Moving mobility forward We are Aptiv – a new technology company with a proven history of enabling mobility. Operating as Aptiv, we pioneered advances in the industry. Now, as Aptiv, we’re more dedicated than ever to bringing the next generation of autonomous vehicles, smart cities and connectivity to life. Join our innovative team Want to do more than just imagine the ways our world will move tomorrow? Here’s your opportunity. Join the technology company that’s transforming the future of mobility today. About Aptiv Aptiv is a global technology company that develops safer, greener and more connected solutions, which enable the future of mobility. Headquartered in Dublin, Aptiv has 147,000 employees and operates 14 technical centers, as well as manufacturing sites and customer support centers in 45 countries. Visit aptiv.com. About Advanced Safety and User Experience Advanced Safety and User Experience encompasses our deep expertise in software, centralized computing platforms, advanced safety systems and automated driving focusing on five areas that are transforming mobility: Safety Electronics, Infotainment, User Experience, Autonomous Driving and Connectivity & Security. About this position We are currently looking for an Autonomous Driving Algorithm Engineer to work in our Troy, MI location. Our AD Algorithm Engineers play a key role in making the vehicle of the future a reality by developing technologies that deliver a turnkey, fully autonomous driving system for our customers and enable Mobility on Demand (MoD). As we expand our global footprint, we are looking for exceptional Algorithm engineering talent to research and apply innovative solutions to our products. Do you enjoy working with Path Planning/Perception/Vehicle control algorithms of Autonomous Driving? Do you have experience with sensor fusion, data fitting & LQR controller? If the answers are yes, we’re looking for you Responsibilities and duties Tackle the challenge of autonomous drive through innovative software stacks that interface with all components of the automated driving vehicles Collaborate with the team of AD algorithm experts in localization, perception, motion planning and platform control Build new concepts and groundbreaking solutions that shape the future of mobility Algorithm development including: sensor fusion & path/motion planning algorithm including features like Lane centering, Automatic Lane Change, Lane Keep Assist, Automatic Parking, Full Speed Adaptive Cruise Control, Automatic Emergent Brake, etc. Data analysis to assess and correct performance deficiencies In-Vehicle testing and debugging with dSPACE/ControlDesk and CANoe Function demonstration to OEMs and customer requirement review & implementation Optimization for real-time implementation Performance assessment and reporting Basic qualifications Bachelors of Science degree in Electrical, Robotics, Mechhnaical or Computer Engineering 3+ years’ experience in one more of the following areas: Least Square fitting, LQR controller, machine learning, Detection and Estimation, Kalman Filter, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, digital signal processing. Nice to haves (preferred qualifications) Experience in one or more of the following areas: RADAR, LIDAR, computer vision, sensor fusion, path planning, road model estimate, target selection, numerical methods, and statistical methods. Strong knowledge of algorithm development in Simulink, Stateflow, and MATLAB scripting. Knowledge of production code generation using MATLAB Coder/Simulink embedded coder. Good C coding skills for algorithm’s production C code integration, debugging, compilation and data log re-simulation. Proficient in-vehicle debugging and testing skills using vehicle CAN communication tools (CANoe, CANalyzer, etc.), dSPACE/ControlDesk. Results oriented, and previous demonstrated experience in product quality and innovation. Throughput and RAM usage estimate of algorithm code. Basic embedded system/software design knowledge. Proactive and rigorous, with strong problem solving capability. Able to develop cost competitive, state of the art, technology for best in class products Traits we seek Curiously investigate everything – ability to solving problems analytically, creatively and collaboratively Lead with confidence – thought leaders who empower those around them Learn by doing – an entrepreneurial mindset that’s driven by hands-on experimentation Embrace resilience – seeing every challenge as a learning opportunity and invitation to grow Aptiv rewards and advantages Competitive compensation with bonus potential Competitive health benefits 401K with matching contribution Learning and development opportunities Discount programs with various manufacturers and retailers Recognition for innovation and excellence Opportunities to give back to the community Meaningful work that makes a difference in the world Relocation assistance (if applicable) Aptiv is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. RSR