QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum of 3 years of experience in information technology required. 4 year college degree preferred. 3 + years of experience working with PHP. 2 + years of experience with developing and maintaining WordPress websites, custom plugins, custom themes and APIs. Experience developing applications using Object Oriented Programming Best Practices. Experience working with WP E-commerce. Experience configuring different WordPress Post Types. Good understanding of front-end technologies, including PHP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node.js, Gulp and others. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites Experience on developing and maintaining user interfaces for websites and/or web applications hosted on the Cloud Experience with Version Control software (Git). Adequate knowledge of relational database systems (MSSQL or MYSQL). Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization guidelines. Basic knowledge of RESTful API. May require familiarity with streaming media concepts and techniques, including digital video and audio compression standards such as MP3, WAV and MPEG. Experience working as a team member with the ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with a variety of individuals. Must be able to take initiative but also to follow direction when required. Solid organizational and time management skills. Strong ability to meet tight deadlines and work well in pressure situations. This position is subject to a pre-employment background. A criminal conviction or arrest pending adjudication alone shall not disqualify an applicant in the absence of a relationship to the requirements of the position. DUTIES: Codes, tests, debugs, documents and implements web applications using PHP, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, XML, JSON. Writes well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Develops UX and backend processes Integrates data from various back-end services and databases. Maintains and monitoring website functionality (e.g., links, calculators, news feeds) and website security Ensures that applications are compatible across multiple platforms and browsers by applying responsive design guidelines. Collaborates with internal and/or external resources (i.e., content owners, editors, web developers) to maintain current information and tools on the organization's website(s) Collaborates with the team to establish and guide the website’s architecture migration to the Cloud (AWS, Azure, etc) Ensures high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Collaborates with network services, software systems engineering and/or application development in order to restore service and/or identify problems PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job. The Company will make reasonable physical accommodations to facilitate the ability to perform essential job functions.