Microsoft is changing for the better. There is a huge cultural shift happening at the company. On the Windows Shell team, we have been examining how we work and the tools used to develop the experiences delivered to our customers. Our strong belief is that our processes are overly complex and slows down innovation. In a new world of data driven decisions, we want to gain efficiencies that we have long envied in many startups and our competition. Our goal is to build a virtuous cycle of BUILD-MEASURE-LEARN where we use data to drive simplification in the way Shell developers work; driving efficiencies in our processes and evolving our tooling to deliver value faster and with better quality. Are you interested in helping us improve and grow? The Team is on point to evolve our engineering capabilities. Our objective is to radically increase the rate at which Windows delivers value to our customers. In addition to delivering phenomenal customer experiences, Windows Shell is investing heavily in our code and tooling to realize an order of magnitude gain in developer productivity. Responsibilities What does the ideal candidate look like? You are a determined, articulate and self-starting individual who will help drive a culture shift across the organization You are passionate about continuous improvement and helping others to improve the way that they work. You like data, and like using data to drive great decision making You like working on a diverse team where your opinions are heard and valued You strive to be in an environment where you can do your best work and have an impact Your goal, if you choose to accept it, is to help set our priorities and investments to optimize develop productivity through the data you help to collect and analyze. Your core responsibility will include determining what telemetry data we need to collect to analyze our tooling and development processes. You will develop productivity metrics and determine the cadence we should review them with our management team. You will help us determine, based on the data, where we should invest to drive improvements and optimize the way developers work. Qualifications Qualifications include: 2-3 years technical program or project management Knowledge of statistics and data science domain Great cross-team collaboration and teamwork skills Strong project management, communication, and influencing skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.