Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of premium light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services, you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started! Division Information PACCAR’s Information Technology Division (ITD), located in Renton, WA utilizes cutting-edge technology to provide systems development, consulting, voice and data communications services to the entire Corporation, which has high visibility in the technology sector. Requisition Summary At PACCAR we’re looking for talented, enthusiastic professionals to join us as Linux / Unix Administrator. If you are not afraid of challenges, we would like to hear from you! We are looking for a Linux / Unix Administrator with server, storage and networking experience the kind of contributor who is willing to get into the details and wants to make a big difference for our business. This team member will be working on small to large projects that require versatile skills in multiple technical environments. This position will research and resolve problems, develop technical specifications from business requirements, coordinate technical support, participate in cost benefit analysis, and contribute to software and process solutions. The Linux / Unix Administrator will be responsible for the design and development of various IT systems, will develop technical systems design and functional specifications, produce deliverables related to the project(s) assigned, and assists in post implementation support and system enhancements. This position is responsible for gathering, compiling and synthesizing information with regard to core technology, processes or systems. Knowledge of implementing Linux and Unix systems in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS, Google). Job Functions / Responsibilities Maintain current server infrastructure (AIX and Linux) Linux / Unix System Administrator (SuSE and RedHat) Automation of tasks using a combination of shell scripting and configuration management systems Interact with the Application Development team and customers to identify and deliver on requirements that will be used to produce systems including all relevant documentation Design and implement and support complex server architectures that may include load balancing, server clustering, high availability, VMWare, or other technologies that provide scalability and availability Develop and drive strategy for adopting and deploying new technologies Proactively monitor the performance and accomplish maintenance on servers to ensure reliability and uptime Adhere to PACCAR security standards, policies, and procedures. Develop and maintain architecture and technical standards and procedures Learn new networking and server technologies as they emerge Provide leadership and consulting regarding the Linux / Unix environments across PACCAR’s global Linux / Unix community Other duties as assigned Travel 25% domestically and internationally On call availability 24/7 Qualifications Must have strong AIX Administration experience 8+ years of IT or technical related experience required Knowledge of Veritas NetBackup, Rubrik, and other backup/replication/DR based systems Hands on experience working in a DevOps environment Knowledge of DevOps deployment tools like Ansible, CHEF, Puppet, etc. Knowledge of Windows experience is highly desired Knowledge of NetIQ, TeamQuest, and other A/V systems for Linux / Unix is a plus Self-starter with the ability to lead others as well as follow Ability to work with minimal or no supervision in high pressure situations Experience configuring, installing, and maintaining AIX and Linux Demonstrated ability to communicate both in verbally and in writing across all levels of the organization Experience aligning Linux and Unix systems into an Active Directory structure Customer service oriented Education Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field required Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.