The Position We are looking for an Analytics Associate to support KAYAK’s Commercial team in North America. This is a business focused position based in the commercial department, but attention to detail and strong analytical skills are critical. You should feel comfortable working with large amounts of data, be self- motivated and takes initiative in analyzing, investigating and organizing information found across multiple datasets and sources. This position is based in our Cambridge office and will be reporting to the Senior Analytics Manager based in San Francisco. Responsibilities Your day-to-day responsibilities will include: Owning the inventory management process for advertising campaigns: handle requests, calculate availability using various tools/systems for our various ad products Manage our customer management system (CMS) process including but not limited to: updating, coordinating and maintaining contracts Monitor daily performance of all verticals in North America: be on top of traffic changes, shifts in business metrics, product updates and A/B tests Support the North America commercial team by fulfilling all partners' reporting and internal analytics requests Produce easy to read reports, graphs and tables for external consumption and help the commercial team understand the numbers Maintain and assure data quality in dashboards and reports for internal use Investigate discrepancies in key business metrics among different reporting and data sources Define the needed KPIs in conjunction with the rest of the business team Requirements/Qualifications BA/BS degree required, preferably in Business, Economics, IT, or similar 0-2 years online industry experience. Travel industry experience is a plus You have excellent MS Excel and PowerPoint knowledge You're curious about or have experience in big data and understanding of SQL a plus Familiarity with reporting systems and software visualization tools. Knowledge of Tableau, Cognos, Salesforce a plus You are motivated by results while never letting the details be missed. You are a numbers junky and have great analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to effectively liaise and communicate with other internal KAYAK teams, also across different offices Ability to handle multiple requests at the same time and prioritize their own work About KAYAK Our mission at KAYAK is to provide the world’s favorite travel planning tools. With every query, KAYAK searches other sites to show travelers the information they need to find the right flights, hotels, rental cars and vacation packages. And because our team is always on the lookout looking for ways to make travel planning and trip management even easier, we offer a variety of tools and features such as KAYAK Trips, Explore and Price Forecast and are constantly evolving our app, Facebook Messenger and Slack bots, Alexa skill and related A.I. innovations. In addition to KAYAK, we manage a portfolio of metasearch brands including: momondo, Cheapflights, SWOODOO, checkfelix and Mundi that together process more than two billion consumer queries a year. KAYAK is an independently managed subsidiary of Booking Holdings Inc. Benefits and perks 4 weeks paid vacation Day off on your birthday Generous retirement plans Awesome health, dental and vision insurance plans Flexible Spending Accounts No stupid meetings Drinks, coffee, snacks, games etc. Flexible hours Regular team events/excursions KAYAK is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.