Job Description Brief Overview: The Full Stack Web Developer will play a critical role in a fast-growing software company located in Boston's bustling financial district. We're looking for a full-time, Full Stack Web Developer to work on our web-based online healthcare solution. Our software combines the best elements of the web, video, and telephony to bring patients and health care providers together in innovative new ways. Qualifications Core Responsibilities: Design and implement new functionality for American Well's flagship Online Care product and/or trailblazing new enhancements on the Web SDK products Engage in all aspects of release cycles including requirements review, work estimation, design, implementation, testing, and review. Work with QA to understand and resolve defects. Identify gaps in requirements or designs and present options to address them. Provide last-line support to the Hosting and Professional Services teams responsible for helping our customers reach their goals. Qualifications: Excellent oral and written communication skills. Experience working with clients, specifically their development teams, is a plus React experience with a focus on React Router and Redux is a plus 5+ years of server-side Java development experience. 3+ years of experience with HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Thorough knowledge of SQL and relational database concepts. Oracle preferred. B.S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science or related field. Effective time management skills with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and shifting requirements. Spring and Hibernate experience a plus. Authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship. Additional Information Your Team: Should you join American Well and the Engineering team, you can expect: The development organization is a multi-disciplinary team of engineers dedicated to creating a state of the art TeleHealth experience on every platform we can get our hands on. Our cross-functional teams follow a pragmatic Agile methodology as we balance feature requests, strategic initiatives, tech debt, and exciting partnerships on the path to delivering a market leading product to a quickly growing customer base. We work hand in hand with the whole American Well organization to ensure that our product meets the needs of all of our users. Whether you’re an advocate for the latest and greatest iOS and Android features, are committed to the ideal back-end architecture, or are dedicated to providing the best web usability, we have a place for you on our team. Working at American Well American Well is changing how care is delivered through online and mobile technology. We make online doctor visits accessible to everyone for one-off care issues like colds or infections, and chronic condition management, such as diabetes or depression. We make the hard work of healthcare look easy and that requires a mission-driven mentality. We’re a “go getter” culture that pride itself on smarts, initiative, creative thinking, and a strong work ethic. Our corporate headquarters are located in downtown Boston at 75 State Street –in the heart of the city. In addition to the opportunity to build the future of healthcare technology and a great location, we offer: Unlimited Personal Time Off (Vacation time) 401K match Competitive healthcare, dental and vision insurance plans Free gym access – on-site Prime office space with views overlooking all of Boston Complimentary snacks and drinks