To provide intermediate level system analysis, design, development, and implementation of applications and databases for mainframe-, client/server-, Web-, and/or PC-based systems, under supervision of a more senior developer, using DevOps philosophies, practices, and tools. This role will be part of the Client experience (CX) pillar, one of the six strategic pillars that Vanguard is focused on. One of the key themes of our flywheel is to create a world-class client experience. CX will focus on driving value in four key areas: improving client experience; driving investor outcomes; developing a new, collaborative way of working; and driving efficiency throughout the company by reducing the difficulties and challenges clients experience as they do business with us. “Digital labs" have been created to address the client experience in areas including asset transfers, the brokerage trading platform, open account and the movement of money from one business segment to another. More labs are being built over time. This role will be part of the CX Solutions & Engineering (CX S&E) team that will be supporting the “Digital Labs” or “Journey Labs”. As a Full Stack Developer II on Vanguard’ on the CX S& E team, you will be responsible for addressing technical issues that are common across the CX lab teams, ensuring solutions are implemented in a fashion that, in the spirit of DevOps, optimize for efficiency across the entire software delivery value stream . The team will operate with enhanced speed and agility to deliver meaningful customer experiences in a rapid build-measure-learn manner. Duties and Responsibilities: Provides intermediate level system analysis, design, development, and implementation of applications and databases for mainframe-, client/server-, Web-, and/or PC-based software or middleware. Integrates third party products. Translates technical specifications, and/or logical and physical design into code for new or enhancement projects for internal clients. Develops code and test artifacts that reuse subroutines or objects, is well structured, backed by automated tests, includes sufficient comments and is easy to maintain. Writes programs, appropriate test artifacts, ad hoc queries, and reports. Employs contemporary software development techniques to ensure tests are implemented in a way that supports automation. Elevates code into the development, test, and Production environments on schedule. Provides follow up Production support. Submits change control requests and documents. Follows software development methodology. Follows architecture standards. Participates in design, code, and test Inspections throughout life cycle to identify issues. Participates in other meetings, such as those for use case creation. Participates in systems analysis activities, including system requirements analysis and definition (e.g., prototyping), and logical and physical design. Writes the system/technical portion of assigned deliverables, including the Version Description Document. Assists technical team members with the system/technical portion of their deliverables (e.g.,systems testers, test plans). On small teams, the developer may write these items. Understands client business functions and technology needs. Understands Vanguard's tools, technologies, and applications/databases, including those that interface with business area and systems. Complies with IT policies and procedures, especially those for quality and productivity standards that enable the team to meet established milestones. Complies with all Information Security policies and procedures, and verifies deliverables meet Information Security requirements. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience Minimum 3 years developer experience (JavaScript) Strong written and oral communication skills Strong analysis and problem solving skills Strong planning and organizational skills Intermediate knowledge of the following development practices and concepts: Vanguard is not offering sponsorship for this position.