Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Architect II performs complex construction inspections of healthcare facilities located throughout Texas for general and special hospitals, private psychiatric hospital and crisis stabilization units (PPH&CSU;), ambulatory surgical centers (ASC), end stage renal disease facilities (ESRD), special care facilities (SCF), and freestanding emergency medical care facilities (FEMC) within the multiple licensing programs of Architectural Review Group (ARG). On-site health facilities construction inspections and Medicare Life Safety Surveys (LSC) assures that facilities comply with State statutes, licensing rules, National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) standards, and Medicare Conditions of Participation (CoP). Investigates complaints regarding services provided by provider facilities or agencies. Responsible for data entry and processing of technical reports, which identifies deficiencies/violations. Evaluates the healthcare facility’s corrective actions and preventive measures and supporting documentation. Provides consultative feasibility conferences and phone conferences pertinent to federal and state statutes and technical rules to current and prospective healthcare facilities and their design disciplines, regulated community and governmental agencies. Accurately interprets rules/regulations to determine compliance. Reviews construction documents for proposed new health care facilities and new additions, remodels, modifications and/or expansion to existing facilities. Prepares required documentation necessary for the Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC). Makes appropriate referrals to state and federal agencies. Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Works under general supervision with extensive latitude for initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: (45%) Conducts on-site pre-construction, intermediate, and final construction inspections at hospitals, PPH &CSUs;, ASCs, SCFs, ESRDs, and FEMC’s to assure compliance with State statutes, licensing rules and NFPA standards. Performs on-site physical plant initial surveys and resurveys, hospital validation surveys, critical access surveys, and complaint investigations to assess compliance with applicable Medicare regulations and NFPA standards. Makes appropriate professional judgments and applies professional expertise in technical skills on fire safety design in evaluating health care facilities. Responsible for composing deficiency reports outlining violations of state and NFPA Standards using word processing, spreadsheets, the Internet, email and data entry to track reports. Assures that all HHSC required documentation is accurate, concise, and timely so that construction is not detained. Enters Medicare survey reports into federal database. Visits facilities to verify correction of previously cited regulatory violations. This position ensures completeness of project documentation. (20%) Conducts in-office consultative feasibility conferences with health facility representatives (architects, engineers, health care providers, etc.) to assure compliance with State statutes, State licensing rules, NFPA Standards/Codes and Medicare requirements. Interprets, verbally or in writing (e-mail or correspondence) for interested individuals ranging from lay persons to technical experts. Provides complex technical assistance on incoming calls/emails questions. Answers incoming telephone calls requesting construction and building systems technical assistance to public, stakeholders, and other State agency. Able to deal with people in a tactful manner and to explain proper interpretation of technical requirements pertaining to rules and regulations. (20%) Reviews construction documents (architectural, structural, mechanical, plumbing and electrical plans and specifications). Using word processing, writes plan review reports, citing violations of State statutes, State licensing rules, NFPA Standards/Codes and Medicare requirements, or approves the plans. Reviews design architect’s and engineer’s letters of disposition and revised plans, as necessary. (10%) Completes necessary department forms and records such as employee time records, travel vouchers, performance evaluation, etc. in a timely manner. Assists in writing, rewriting, formulating and updating existing licensing rules as necessary by offering suggestions for content. Attends workshops, seminars and training as needed to keep abreast of code and licensing changes. (5%) Other duties necessary for smooth daily operations and management objectives within ARG, including representing the agency with expert testimony for depositions, hearings, and/or trials involving actions taken against facilities. Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Works under general supervision with extensive latitude for initiative and independent judgment. Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Skill in verbal communication. Ability to communicate effectively and intelligently with public, stakeholders, and other State agencies. Ability to record that information by drafting correspondence. Ability to communicate verbally with various facility personnel to obtain required survey information. Ability to conduct interviews, record information, prepare case narratives/lengthy documents using word processing. Skill in composing, editing, and proofreading correspondence and reports. Technical writing ability to prepare concise reports and business correspondence. Skill in the use of personal computers and software packages including Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook and database programs. Skill in establishing and maintaining positive and professional business and working relationships with co-workers, other program personnel, and the general public. Ability to work in a team environment and work with all levels of staff. Ability to express ideas clearly and concisely. Ability to learn, remember and integrate complex concepts and complicated processes involving healthcare Life Safety Code regulations. Skill in the development of standard operating procedures for administrative functions and confidential records and information. Ability to handle substantial workload and coordinate/prioritize multiple assignments with minimal supervision, and to exercise independent judgment. Ability to independently analyze new situations and respond with sound technical judgment. Ability to climb ladders and go through tight spaces; such as attics and mezzanines. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Registered as an Architect by the Texas Board of Architectural Examiners. Initial Selection Criteria: The following six (6) criteria are REQUIRED; the hiring supervisor cannot consider any applicant that does not meet all six (6) of the required criteria for this position. 1. Experience writing reports and letters via organizing, preparing, proofreading and presenting information in written format. 2. Experience using computers for such functions as word processing, spreadsheets, and e-mail programs. 3. Experience in a position requiring direct contact with the public and presenting information in written and/or verbal format. 4. Must possess a valid Class C (or higher) Texas driver’s license or equivalent license from another state 5. Registered Architect. 6. Educational experience that indicates a mastery of the engineering/architectural knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job functions. Additional Information: CMS Surveyor Qualification preferred or must successfully obtain within the first year of employment 60% travel is required. Requires overnight travel. May be required to work other than usual hours (8 a.m. – 5 p.m. M-F) including evenings, weekends, and holidays. Outside work in inclement weather may be required. May be directed to work in any area of the state as needed. Employee must possess and provide a current, valid Texas driver’s license. You may be asked to provide a copy of your driving record. Must have reliable transportation. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 51S, 32EX, 510X, 653X. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. req380149 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.