POSITION: Enterprise Architect Opportunity Snapshot Digital Realty IT is looking for an experienced Enterprise Architect to help lead the IT organization through an infrastructure and systems restructuring and integration program. Your expertise and guidance will be of critical importance. You will have a team of highly qualified and skilled engineers along with managed service technicians at your disposal to provide you with the implementation and support services you will need. You will work closely with our Senior Manager of Infrastructure Engineering in developing a new approach to the company’s architecture, workflow, and integration management strategies, and help to manage the incorporation of those strategies into our day-to-day processes. You will also be and ongoing resource, offering information, guidance and insight to frontline employees, our IT staff, members of our executive management team and stakeholders. The Requirements The Enterprise Architect must have the capability to analyze existing products and infrastructure, understand how to leverage existing investments and introduce best of breed solutions to real world challenges. You will be responsible to lead the design, architecture and implementation of new capabilities that address any gaps and provide an integrated end to end scalable, enterprise-class service offering. The Enterprise Architect will have the ability to research and report on existing and emerging technologies, generate documentation and best-practice designs as well as advise IT peers and staff on technical direction and strategy. The Enterprise Architect will also have the ability to build and validate solutions, and be technically hands-on in a complex multi-vendor, multi-technology, and multi-tenant environment. We are looking for someone who possesses an insatiable passion for technology, an innovative mind, and the drive to make continual improvements to further enable the company’s capabilities. Architect solutions for a complex large scale, multi-vendor, multi-tenant environment with a “whole solution” approach and analysis, incorporating input from peer architects in their sphere of expertise Ability to collaborate with a variety of departments at different levels of technical experience and ensuring challenges and proposed solutions are well understood Experience leading a team of engineers to successfully meet objectives Experience as a lead architect in complex, large scale, multitenant hosting environments Ability to explain complex technical issues in a way that non-technical people understand Knowledge of financial modeling as it pertains to IT investment Expertise in server and storage systems, multiple OS’s, virtualization, and network infrastructure & cloud in all technology domains Expertise in HA / Disaster Recover disciplines Operational disciplines in systems management, change management, root cause analysis / problem management Excellent presentation skills; strong written and oral skills Ability to create documentation and maintenance guides for infrastructure implementations. Research new products and technologies; stay current on latest technology trends and solutions. Act as a point of escalation for issues. Provide mentoring and guidance for engineering staff. Establish and document forward leaning designs and roadmaps for infrastructure, software, process and procedures. Define and maintain capacity management methodologies, and present capacity reports that account for both licensing, logical, physical, and performance capacities. Develop and conduct ongoing training and documentation for operational and implementation engineers. Provide technical and operational guidance and leadership to other engineers during critical events, and environmental analysis. Technology Experience Minimum of 3+ years’ experience functioning as a lead architect in for a complex large scale, multi-vendor, multi-tenant environment. Minimum of 5+ years’ experience functioning as an IT architect with responsibilities that include networking, architecture and management of virtualization, storage and storage networking products. Minimum of 7+ years’ experience functioning as a senior engineer or technology specialist responsible for production support for network, storage, systems, and virtualization technologies. Minimum of 5+ years’ working knowledge of cloud infrastructure including O365, Azure, Amazon, and Google cloud platforms 1+ year experience implementing cloud virtualization orchestration preferred. Hands on, demonstrable experience implementing industry best-practices across network, storage, and virtualization technologies. Oversight experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams Software design or development Systems Operations / Management Database architecture Virtualization IP Networking Storage IT Security Technical prowess and passion. The Role As the Enterprise Architect you are part of the IT Service Operations team focusing on building solutions maximizing the use of both proven and emerging technologies to transform our business to achieve superior value and scalability. Your role is to serve as the lead architect and trusted advisor. As a trusted advisor you may be responsible for educating the IT teams on best practices, needs for growth and scalability, and ultimately providing IT consulting services. This role also requires direct interaction with other internal and potentially external groups and department leads advising on best practices, potential solutions, and documentation of environmental changes as related to infrastructure and technical aspects. The ideal candidate is someone who is passionate about IT technologies, has a wide breadth and depth in core information technology principles and problem solving. This candidate has experience in designing both technology and security architecture for IT infrastructure and services as well as multi- tenant and dedicated secure hosted offerings. _Note: this description is intended to give you a general overview of the position and is not an exhaustive listing of duties and responsibilities._ Digital Realty: Where the cloud lives and business thrives We built the global standard for technical real estate, developing a unique capability to acquire, manage, and scale data center campuses. Now, Digital Realty is building a unique ecosystem of open solutions that power customer growth through exceptional service on a foundation of unrivaled data center expertise. The new Digital Realty combines unparalleled data center services, carrier-dense interconnection, real estate acumen, and financial strength to create unique power of choice and value when and where our customers need it. Our Mission To provide our customers with the trusted foundation for the digital world Our Vision To build a network of connected campuses and internet gateways that become the heart of the internet and cloud, powering growth and prosperity for customers, employees and shareholders. Our Values Guide our decisions and actions every day—above all else, we value customers, excellence, talent, teamwork and success. About Digital Realty Digital Realty Trust, Inc. supports the data center and colocation strategies of more than 2,000 firms across its secure, network-rich portfolio of data centers located throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Digital Realty's clients include companies of all sizes, ranging from financial services, cloud and information technology services, to manufacturing, energy, gaming, life sciences and consumer products Digital Realty is a publicly traded company (NYSE: DLR) with investment grade ratings from all three major ratings agencies. Digital Realty offers a highly competitive compensation package, excellent benefits, and an environment that recognizes and rewards your contributions. Digital Realty is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to any employee of Digital Realty and its subsidiaries. Digital Realty is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited referrals. Required Skills Required Experience