Description: Reports to: DMA League Director of Adult Programs Department: Education Classification: Full Time, Non-Exempt, Non-Standard Schedule Available: Immediately Deadline: Open until filled DMA Mission: The Dallas Museum of Art is a space of wonder and discovery where art comes alive. The DMA will: Place art and our diverse communities at the center around which all activities radiate. Pursue excellence in collecting and programming, present works of art across cultures and time, and be a driving force in contemporary art. Strengthen our position as a prominent, innovative institution, expanding the meaning and possibilities of learning and creativity. Scope of position: The Audience Relations Coordinator is responsible for customer service, ticket sales, front-house staffing, and constituent scheduling and registration related to several Education Programs, including Arts & Letters Live, Adult Programs, School Experiences, and Community Engagement. The position assists and supports customer service and ticketing for additional Education Programs, including Family and Early Learning Experiences, and Center for Creative Connections (C3) workshops. The Audience Relations Coordinator works comprehensively across the Education Division and promotes all DMA programs. Essential functions: Serves as the primary staff member responsible for answering the ticketing and registration phone lines for Adult Programs, C3, and Arts & Letters Live, and for processing ticket orders and program registrations (online, by mail, and by phone). Collaborates with Education staff and other departments, including IT, to streamline, effectively maintain, and troubleshoot a system for ticketing, scheduling, and program registration. Works with Educators in the community to schedule museum tours (docent-guided and self-guided) for K-12 and Metroplex higher education student groups, communicating effectively about program offerings and visit confirmation. Works with Educators in the community to schedule Go van Gogh classroom outreach visits (DISD) for school groups (grades 1-6) during the school year as well as libraries and community organizations during the summer, communicating effectively about program offerings and visit confirmation. Assists Family, Youth, and School Programs staff with answering phone line and supports class registration and ticket purchases (online and by phone) programs. Answers questions and encourages deeper involvement in the Museum by providing information tailored to visitors’ interests, and by connecting patrons with Education staff for more detailed information. Works with Manager of School Programs to schedule school partnership visits. Works with Head of Family, Access, and School Experiences and the Teaching Specialist to coordinate Summer Art Camp program, including registration process and addresses other issues that may arise. Serves as front-line staff to support audience relations at select Arts & Letters Live events and Adult Programs. Acts as liaison with Visitor Services and Sodexo staff on the scheduling of tours for adult groups and higher education groups outside the Metroplex. Communicates regularly and effectively with Education Teams (Adult Programs; Family, Access, and School Experiences; Community Engagement; Arts & Letters Live; and C3) to maintain comprehensive and current program information and offerings. Implements protocols for all ticketed (Etix) and registration programs in the Education Division. Inputs and maintains museum tour and Go van Gogh outreach information in a web database. Generates monthly Go van Gogh schedule and produces weekly museum tour schedule. Inputs and maintains registration and ticketing information in Etix systems. Generates reports, including summary ticketing and monthly program statistics, and shares reports routinely with key staff. Participates in a variety of Education Team and cross-departmental meetings focused on program logistics and customer service, including weekly Operations meetings. Monitors select Education Program content on the Web site, evaluates ease of use, and makes Web site updates, initiating improvements with Education Teams. Contributes to the continued development and promotion of the Museum’s mission and brand. Assists with various email blasts for Education Division. Other duties as assigned. Requirements: Education, Experience, and Certification Bachelor’s degree required. Background or interest in arts, education, and literature programming a strong plus. 1-3 years of full-time experience with event coordination, scheduling, and/or box office coordination. Knowledge, skills, and abilities: Excellent written, organization, speaking, and interpersonal skills. Demonstrated front-line customer service skills Demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks with high level of detail, working effectively and efficiently under pressure Conversational skills in Spanish is preferred. Ability to work well in a team environment, take initiative, and problem solve Accurate typing, calculator, and related box office skills required. Skills in Microsoft Office required; familiarity with ticketing software preferred. Ability to become proficient with ticketing software (Etix), Raiser’s Edge software, and content management system. Willingness to work flexible hours including evenings and weekends. The Dallas Museum of Art is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics.