Company Summary Crown Castle works around the country to build and maintain the infrastructure behind the world’s most revolutionary technologies. Crown Castle owns, operates and leases more than 40,000 cell towers and over 60,000 route miles of fiber supporting small cells and fiber solutions across every major US market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service – bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them. Crown Castle is an S&P; 500 company and one of the largest Real Estate Investment Trusts in the United States with an enterprise value of approximately $60 billion. Position Title : Data Scientist Position Summary The growing analytics team at Crown Castle seeks a data scientist in the Houston, Texas office. With an unrivaled portfolio of towers, small cells, and fiber, Crown Castle is the nation’s largest and most diverse provider of shared communications infrastructure. This position offers a high-visibility platform to contribute directly to the growth of the business, while furthering a culture of analytics and data literacy across the organization. The successful candidate will collaborate cross-functionally with business and IT partners, developing data products that leverage advanced statistical algorithms. They will answer top-priority data questions, such as constructing demand models to enhance marketing of existing assets and/or proactively addressing future network buildout. They will explore and consult on the business value of external datasets in collaboration with domain experts. They will possess a versatile array of skills needed to tackle data wrangling, exploratory analysis, feature engineering, model prototyping, and production deployment. Essential Job Functions Perform data mining and modeling to produce insights, predictions, and forecasts, in collaboration with domain experts across a variety of disciplines (e.g. RF engineering, real estate acquisitions, finance, IT) Conduct exploratory data analysis & model prototyping using R/Python/SQL Domain expert in machine learning Integrate third-party sources of information to company data when necessary Construct data pipelines for reproducible analysis Present results of analyses, including design of client-friendly graphs, charts, tables and other data visualizations Education/Certifications M.S. or Ph.D. degree in mathematics, computer science, or related quantitative discipline Experience/Minimum Requirements A minimum of five (5) years of work experience in a related field Expert understanding of machine learning techniques Experience with common data science libraries (e.g. scikit-learn, caret, TensorFlow) Experience with data analysis & manipulation tools (e.g. NumPy, Pandas, dplyr) Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. ggplot2, matplotlib) Experience with distributed data & computing platforms to solve big-data challenges Other Skills/Abilities Strong communication skills, including the ability to present analytical insights to a non-technical audience Fail fast mentality Mentor junior technical staff Familiar with self-service BI tools Familiar with cloud computing tools Strong attention to detail, organizational skills and interpersonal skills Organizational Relationship Reports to: Sr. Manager Title(s) of direct reports (if applicable): N/A Working Conditions: Works in a normal office setting with no exposure to adverse environmental conditions. Additional Information: N/A Crown Castle is an Equal Opportunity Employer LI-AB1