Do you have a knack for analyzing IT business processes? Are you able to manage projects efficiently? We’re looking for someone like that who can help us: – determine required IT business solutions and assist in implementing them – conduct requirements-gathering activities, like evaluating services, using a variety of internal and external data and conducting end user interviews – support the business engineer by describing the business processes, including the organizational structures involved – assist in quality control and project management – identify people and systems impacted by functional and non-functional requirements You will be working in the GMI IT team in Chicago. GMI is the vendor application ETD deploys globally to support back office operations. We are responsible for in house development and GMI application maintenance and support; GMI IT teams are also located in Hong Kong and London. You should have five to ten years of experience support the GMI application. You have: – experience applying business analysis techniques – the ability to interpret a set of technical requirements and develop robust solutions (you know what they really want) – an understanding of the software development lifecycle. We use the TURNOVER code promotion application. – strong analytical, problem-solving and synthesizing skills Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? Together. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us). Why UBS? Video Are you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now. UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.