Xylem (XYL) is a leading global water technology company committed to developing innovative technology solutions to the world’s water challenges. The Company’s products and services move, treat, analyze, monitor and return water to the environment in public utility, industrial, residential and commercial building services settings. Xylem also provides a leading portfolio of smart metering, network technologies and advanced infrastructure analytics solutions for water, electric and gas utilities. The Company’s more than 16,500 employees bring broad applications expertise with a strong focus on identifying comprehensive, sustainable solutions. Headquartered in Rye Brook, New York with 2017 revenue of $4.7 billion, Xylem does business in more than 150 countries through a number of market-leading product brands. The name Xylem is derived from classical Greek and is the tissue that transports water in plants, highlighting the engineering efficiency of our water-centric business by linking it with the best water transportation of all – that which occurs in nature. For more information, please visit us at www.xylem.com. The Role : Xylem seeks to hire a Continuous Improvement Manager to take responsibility for the development and the delivery of the Continuous Improvement program and standards across multiple North American sites. Essential Duties And Position Responsibilities: Drive Continuous Improvement in all North America businesses Forge successful relationships and partner with business leaders to assess current processes and identify process improvement opportunities both in operational and transactional environments Using Customer Excellence methodologies, support sales and marketing leadership in their pursuit of outstanding commercial performance focused on growth. Identify Kaizen opportunities, prioritize with the business leaders and process owner, and provide facilitation support Train, develop and coach Kaizen leaders and Lean leaders to better leverage implementation and implementation speed Support the businesses/sites to implement CI tools and techniques based upon business needs Use Continuous Improvement tools and change management technics to systematically achieve process improvements, sourcing savings and improved front end commercial performance. Implement visual management processes all across the business Support the business to implement proper primary metrics Develop a capacity management and sharing process that encompasses all branches Run Bootcamps education opportunities, as needed required Minimum Qualifications: Education, Experience, Skills, Abilities, License/Certification: Certification as Black Belt in Lean Six Sigma methodologies 5-10 years of experience leading global teams and projects with at least 5 years of active LSS deployment, project and process improvement work. Demonstrated capability of building Continuous Improvement in matrix organizations. Proven track record leading CI projects using industry standard CI tools and methodology which achieved significant improvements to cost, quality and time. Positive attitude, resilient and leads by example. Results based leadership style, managing complex projects and leveraging influencing skills across a diverse team ranging from frontline employees to senior executives. Proven ability in strategy development, program implementation, team building, coaching and mentoring. Strong quantitative, analytical and systemic thinking skills with ability to thoroughly synthesize information from different sources. Functions with a high degree of autonomy while maintaining a collaborative approach. Solid business and financial acumen Proven project management experience Strong Computer skills in MS Office elements including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project, and Access Travel in the US: 50-70%, depending on location International, less 10% Key Competencies: Customer first - Driven by the need to understand and meet the expectations / requirements of customers, both internally and externally. Proactively builds strong relationships across the customer network with a service business mentality in a 24/7 operation. Managing change - Develops a shared vision and strategy for change. Delivers change whilst managing the interface between “day to day” and improvement projects. Tenacious in the pursuit of change goals Problem solving & decision making - Defines problems, systematically gathers and analyses data, identifies cause & effects and establishes root causes & achievable solutions. Makes good and timely decisions. Drive for results - Is passionate about and perseveres in the pursuit of challenging stretch goals. Demonstrates energy, drive and enthusiasm when striving to accomplish and improve results Interpersonal effectiveness - Flexible use of accomplished interpersonal behaviors that facilitate in building trust and engagement amongst others whilst reducing the opportunity for conflict. Strong written and verbal communication skills Willing and able to handle difficult conversations in a positive manner. Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.)  Office: Standard office equipment; work usually performed in an office setting free from any disagreeable elements.  Shop / Job Site: Intermittent exposure to jobsite conditions and hazards; petrochemical, refineries, mills, mines, construction sites, industrial / power plants, waste water treatment plants, etc. Intermittent exposure to all outdoor weather conditions; intermittent exposure to shop and job site noise.  Travel: 50-70% as required to fulfill the duties listed above. Other travel as needed or required by the company. Location: Yellow Spring, OH and College Station, TX preferred; willing to consider other locations with an understanding that this will lead to a greater percentage of travel. EOE/Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Disabled