JLL’s Hotels & Hospitality Group is currently seeking a highly motivated and qualified individual with relevant business intelligence data analytics and hospitality academic or work experience to join our firm as a Research Analyst in our Chicago office. The Role: The research analyst will support hotel & hospitality investment sales and advisory teams across the U.S. in driving real-time analytics, creating market- and client-specific content to contribute to broader platform objectives. The analyst will work in collaboration with the Global Head of Hotels and Capital Markets Research and Americas Head of Hotels Research to help visualize unique real estate hospitality stories, automate time-intensive tasks, and become well versed in using proprietary technological tools at JLL. The goal is to create and maintain best-in-class research and data analytics that differentiates JLL and drives a competitive advantage in the marketplace through market expertise, analysis and insight. An aptitude for applied, consultative, client-specific research is a key factor for this position. Responsibilities: Assist with creation, collection, organization, and management of datasets/databases and visual analytics. Assist business intelligence projects that monitor, analyze, model, and predict opportunities to improve solutions. Refine and continuously improve data-oriented processes, from collection, to enhancement, to output functions that will drive JLL’s business intelligence and continue to enhance the platform’s reputation as an industry leader. Visualize key hotel and tourism trends, hotel transactions, lodging indicators, and related topics through various data subscription services. Assist in the implementation of regional and global research publication initiatives and research platform upkeep. Assist with coordination, writing, design, research and/or production of research pieces. Contribute to research outputs and projects across the wider JLL network encompassing other property sectors such as office and retail. Assist with the writing and preparation of industry and client-specific PPT presentations and speeches. Educate and collaborate with coworkers on using data and analytic techniques. Respond to custom research data inquiries for internal and external clients and media. Work with the marketing team to assist in promoting regional and local research output. Qualifications: 1-2 years’ experience in data analytics and visualization, with strong writing and analytical background. Working knowledge of hotel real estate is a plus but not required. Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills. Problem solving ability with an attention to detail. Team player with good team spirit and positive attitude. Well-organized and able to work on multiple tasks simultaneously. Able to plan own work priorities and demonstrate initiative. Ability to efficiently multi-task, prioritize and manage work in a dynamic environment. Willingness to take on new challenges and meet tight deadlines. Demonstrated strong client focus. Maintain absolute confidentiality. Technical experience in statistical analysis, data modeling, and KPI measurement. Strong technology tools skills, including an understanding of relational database concepts, data warehousing, preparation tools, and visualization (proficiency in SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau is highly desired) Technical strength in Excel, Word and PowerPoint. LI _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._