Résumé du poste Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. Owned by Samsung Electronics Corporation Ltd., SAS is the only semiconductor manufacturing plant located outside of Korea. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, personal computers, mobile phones, workstations and servers. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology, enabling the world's digital devices to operate at the highest performance. The Product Operations team is focused on being the primary resource to monitor, analyze, and improve manufacturing metrics for their assigned products. As part of the Product Operations team, you will provide daily support of the production line, bottle neck tool group analysis, business process development, communication to shifts, report generation, root cause problem analysis, and the completion of continuous improvement projects. SAS is focused on being the World's Best Foundry product supplier. Rôle et Responsabilités Coordinate daily factory needs with global supply chain group and takes actions to meet daily customer shipment requirements. Negotiate product shipment requirements with Global Operations Center. Identify and resolve areas of improvement within manufacturing (Equipment Utilization, Cycle Time Reduction, Bottleneck Management) Effectively communicate across the organization to align manufacturing, production planning, and engineering. Lead cross functional teams (Systems Engineering, Capacity Planning, Production Planning, and Engineering) to improve factory automated scheduling systems to align with required factory device shipment requirements. Communicate product performance and supply forecasts to all levels of the organization. Analyzes factory capacity limiters to identify capital investment issues or equipment qualification needs. Partners with manufacturing operations team to improve daily tactical operations methods. 1st shift: 5 days, 8am-5pm. Compétences et Qualifications 4-year degree in Industrial Engineering, or related Engineering field. 1 year minimum experience with demonstrated success in inventory analysis, production control, capacity planning, lean manufacturing, six sigma, or project management. Semiconductor manufacturing experience preferred. Preferred experience in real time dispatching and automated scheduling systems. Ability to analyze data, identifies issues, and provides solutions to closure. Able to influence up, down, and across the organization to create change. Excellent critical thinking and decision making skills; recognize 3rd & 4th order effects of a catalyst event. Effective organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills. Must be able to coordinate and communicating technical information to and from all levels of the organization. A history of “hands-on” approach to problem solving and countermeasure implementation within own areas of responsibility. Proactive and self-driven approach to overcome challenges and achieve results. Experience in manufacturing sciences (Theory of Constraints, Lean Manufacturing, Capacity Planning, and Flow Optimization). Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html