Java Developer We have a Java Developer. The position is Permanent opportunity. Selected candidates must be willing to join at a short notice. Qualified candidates should be willing to work at Dearborn, MI Number of Positions: 10 The ideal candidates will possess the following: Must Have Skills: Java, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring JDBC, Spring Cloud Web Services REST/SOAP/WSDL/XML/SOA Desired Skills: Cloud Data, Spring Security, OAuth, Service monitoring on Cloud Job Roles / Responsibilities: Must be a consultant level Java developer/architect and have deep knowledge in object oriented design and software development. Comprehensive understanding of relational database and NoSQL database and flat file processing concepts. Experience in working with Oracle or MS SQL Server or NoSQL databases (minimum 5 years of experience). Proficient in object oriented development and Java Enterprise concepts (minimum 5 years of experience). Experience with the following tools and technologies: - Spring Platform (Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Spring JDBC, Spring Cloud) (minimum 3 years of experience) Cloud Native Development on Pivotal Cloud Foundry Platform or similar (minimum 2 years of experience) Micro-services development (minimum 1 year of experience) Development of Web Services REST/SOAP/WSDL/XML/SOA (minimum 2 years of experience) Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins CI or similar) Builds on Pivotal Cloud Foundry Platform (Gradle, GitHub) (minimum 1 year of experience) Unit testing frameworks (minimum 3 years of experience) Nice to have: Experience with code quality api/tool (SonarQube). Experience with Service interaction api/tool (Swagger), Experience with logging/tracings api/tool (Spring sleuth). Understanding of Circuit Breaker functions like Hystrix. Experience working in a cloud native work environment. Understanding of Gemfire, Greenplum data stores. Understanding Spring Cloud Data, Spring Security, OAuth, Service monitoring on Cloud. Education Required: Computer Science or other IT related degree Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Spring Cloud PL1 Required 2 Pivotal Cloud Foundry PL1 Required 3 ANSI SQL PL3 Desired 4 JDBC PL3 Required 5 Core Java PL3 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Transportation mgmt-Logistics NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Dearborn, Michigan, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 31 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.