Project Manager Gas Technology Institute (GTI), a leading research and development organization serving energy markets, is seeking an entry- to mid-level Project Manager to join us as we create innovative solutions for our customers. As part of our R &D team you will manage, maintain, and lead efforts to bring new and improved products, processes, and procedures to the natural gas/energy industry. This position is responsible for consistently managing projects according to quality standards, schedule, and budget. This includes managing project resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to plan. The candidate will help define the project's objectives and oversee quality control throughout its lifecycle. The candidate must possess strong communication skills (written and verbal), excellent technical skills, and the capacity to facilitate and manage projects across departments. The new team member will work alongside the existing team of other highly skilled project managers, software programmers, product developers, data scientists, hardware developers, and Geographic Information System (GIS) professionals. The new team member will be involved with new and existing product development projects in the areas of data analysis, artificial intelligence, field data collection platforms, data quality analytics, regulatory compliance, sensor systems, and other emerging technologies. This position will implement industry standard project management best practices to achieve high quality results for GTI’s customers. The team member must be able to work independently, learn new and emerging technologies in the energy industry, and have the capacity to facilitate teamwork across departments. Requirements/Responsibilities: Support ongoing research efforts using disciplined approach and standard best practices Strong ability to collect and document stakeholder requirements Create and maintain project management standards, supporting external and internal customers Listen, understand, and convey customer requirements Identify customers’ needs and develop research opportunities to assist with technology implementation and future development efforts Excellent written and verbal communication skills including writing technical proposals, reports, and presentations Potential for minimal travel for industry presentations, customer site visits, or pilot implementations Strong understanding of project management principles Resource allocation/management experience a plus Strong ability to manage multiple projects – must have strong ability to multi-task