Job Description Position Overview/Description: The Connected Vehicle Carrier Planning position offers an exciting opportunity to contribute to the development and implementation of connected vehicle services that will be used by Ford vehicle customers around the world. You will be directly responsible for managing the mobile network carrier relationships that Ford maintains on a global scale. We are looking for a seasoned cellular engineer/project manager, contract manager and strategic leader to guide multidisciplinary connected vehicle team members to envision and design future experiences (DAS System management, contracts, new technologies) in and around connected vehicles. You will collaborate with connected vehicle and cellular resources to frame the right questions and on research programs that lead us to new insights. With your creative and analytical mind, you will use key insights to frame new opportunity spaces and guide the experience vision for our future global customers. You will guide and oversee all cellular connectivity throughout the process. You will relentlessly advocate a human centric perspective through all stages of the design process. As a team player, you will create impact by collaborating across the Ford organization and with key work partners throughout the company – product, marketing, engineering and technology teams. The Ford Global Carrier Planning Team is a growing team committed to envisioning and creating simple, thoughtful, enjoyable and compelling product experiences that continually inspire our teams and customers to go further. Our diverse Carrier Planning Team – situated in greater Detroit and Shanghai - is comprised of cellular analysts, cellular engineers and technical project managers. Together our team works to understand our changing world, identify new opportunities, and take action to design and innovate for the future of mobility – Ford’s vehicles and surrounding experiences. Responsibilities: Contribute to the creation, submission and review of responses to RFIs and RFPs to vendors (Cellular Carriers, emerging technology startups in the cellular space, etc.) Provide recommendations and direction on support of present and emerging technologies affecting the industry in terms of vehicle connectivity (5G, eUICC, V2X, DSRC, etc.) Support M2M data forecasting, reconciliation, and analysis as well as deployment of features to new regions Manage Site Surveys of manufacturing plants and other required facilities to support EOL provisioning and lite testing, as well as Ford test facilities requiring enhanced coverage Act as the SPOC point of contact for carrier related inquiries from all areas within Ford (Product Development, Application Development, etc.) Provide recommendations of Cellular Carriers to support present and future market regions aligning with Ford’s business strategy Collaborate with IT Contracts and CV&S to determine requirements for Carrier contracts and amendments Facilitate and manage carrier governance by assigning accountability and following up for completion of items Assist in the integration of current and future launch regions into the Global Carrier help desk Provide budget forecasts as required to support projects as well as ongoing data consumption activities Manage cycle plan with Carriers Manage Carrier PO renewals Provide Status updates as required to Ford teams including Ford management for all the activities that pertain to this position Any other IT-related work that is required to support Connected Vehicle (including Mobility Experiments) Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree 10+ years of experience with Connected Vehicle environment (understanding of cloud architecture, SDN, cellular modems) 10+ years’ Business analyst experience, including generating requirements documents, statements of work, and other artifacts to support the above Carrier deliverables 10+ years of experience developing and understanding solution architecture diagrams or BIM’s 10+ years of Cellular Networking expertise & Connected vehicle industry experience. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in Connected Vehicle industry Understanding and familiarity with IT Contracts and the contract process at Ford Ability to define processes to support the above Carrier deliverables Experience giving presentations to upper level management reviews on technical and/or vendor assessments Ability to work with multiple teams and vendors to complete tasks in a timely fashion Familiarity with cellular service providers Knowledge on new cellular technologies Familiarity with vehicle telematics Strong communication and presentation skills Strong skills in collaboratively working with others (including cross-functional teams) Strong planning and organizational skills Strong skills in creating plans and following up on tasks to ensure on-time delivery Strong technical leadership Big picture view and understanding to match Business and IT requirements Self-starter and willing to learn in the fast and dynamic field Experience with Vendor relationship management The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons