Splunk is looking to hire a highly skilled Identity Services Architect to join Enterprise Architecture team! You will serve as an Architect, supporting the identity and access management platform at Splunk IT. This role will be responsible for crafting, developing and supporting the customers, partners, and internal users IAM platform. Seeking a diverse scope of background, if your interested in collaborating with a team that brings dynamic strengths and seeking creative people this is the place for you. I want to and can do that! Architect and lead customer Identity and access management Collaborate with the custom applications, product engineering, integrations and other 3rd party apps teams to understand their Identity requirements and translate them to design Architect and model customer identities in LDAP like directories to enable customer 360 view and multi-channel engagement Onboard and maintain Single Sign-On, security and authentication across SaaS, cloud based and on-prem web apps Be an authority on all aspects of identity and access management for Splunk applications. Evaluate standards, policies and solutions across the technical and business use cases I’ve already done that or have that! A minimum of 8-10 years of experience architecting, designing and implementing scalable solutions with Identity and Access management products. Excellent experience with authentication/authorization standards SAML, OAuth, OpenID, API security, WS-Trust, MFA, SCIM Experience with Directory services - ActiveDirectory, OpenLDAP, Unbounded, Okta Universal directory, SCIM protocols Built and supported both cloud and on-premises IAM services. Great teammate and collaborates with multiple business and technical partners Programming languages - Java, Python, Node JS, Go Databases - MySQL, Oracle, AWS RDS, NoSQL Experience with Ping Identity, Okta, OneLogin APIs or related products Experience with securing Web APIs and standard methodologies Excellent verbal and written interpersonal skills Strong analytical, problem solving and social skills with an ability to work on multiple simultaneous projects Previous experience with AWS & Splunk desirable Education: Got it! BS or MS in Computer Science/Information Systems or equivalent experience required This isn’t a job – it’s a life changer – are you ready? Are you looking for an incredible place to work that celebrates innovation, leadership and creativity? Please contact us. Splunk offers competitive compensation and excellent benefits. When you join Splunk you'll be working with a team of smart individuals who are as passionate about our products as our customers' success. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying.