GENERAL PURPOSE Oversees daily workflow in the circulation area. Recommends practices and procedures for circulation services. Trains, supervises, directs, evaluates and schedules circulation staff. Participates in collection development. Assists with Reference. Assists in preparation of annual budget. Assists in other areas of the library, providing support when workloads dictate. SUPERVISION RECEIVED Works under the direct supervision of the Library Director. SUPERVISION EXERCISED Supervises circulation clerks, library pages and volunteers. Examples Of Essential Duties: Responsible for the day-to-day management of the circulation department. Suggests policies and procedures for the circulation department to the Library Director and/or Assistant Director. Coordinates the activities of assigned personnel, assigning duties, and scheduling work hours. Assesses the quality and accuracy of staff performance, conducts scheduled evaluations, and counsels employees as necessary. Assists in interviewing and selecting of job applicants for positions in the circulation department. Trains circulation staff as needed. Works at the Circulation Desk to assist patrons with their library needs. Explains library policies and procedures regarding circulation to the public. Addresses complaints from the public. Keeps employees informed about library policies and procedures. Supervises cash transactions including balancing the cash register, preparing reports, and making bank deposits. Supervises patron registration. Maintains original documentation in accordance with City's Records Retention Policy. Orders supplies and materials. Maintains files and catalogs of library specialty vendors. Works with others to plan and maintain displays. Compiles patron and materials statistics. Assists other departments as work load dictates. Works some evening and Saturday shifts. Typical Qualifications: MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in an appropriate field preferred. Minimum 90 hours of college credit with 1 year full-time supervisory experience in a public library may be substituted for Bachelor's degree. Prior supervisory experience required. One year library experience, a strong plus. The successful candidate is customer service oriented, works well with the public and the library staff, possesses good communication skills and has a high energy level. Ability to supervise and motivate staff is essential. Necessary Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Proficient computer skills using Windows, and Microsoft Office 2010; must demonstrate excellent customer/public service skills and ability to work with people of diverse ages and backgrounds; ability to deal with public in a pleasant manner, take messages accurately, take fine money, and make change. Familiarity with III's Polaris Library Systems, a plus. Bilingual (Spanish and English) preferred, but not necessary. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Read and understand Dewey Decimal Classification System. Supplemental Information: TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT USED PC with Windows Operating system and Microsoft Office 2010, automated library software, book trucks/carts, cash register, typewriter, telephone, fax, scanner and copy machine. PHYSICAL DEMANDS Lifting books, pushing book trucks, standing, reaching, kneeling, bending, twisting, and carrying. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment varies. SELECTION GUIDELINES Formal application, rating of education and experience; oral interview and reference check; job related tests may be required. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.