The ADC is developing a modernized and unified industrial R&D test laboratory data acquisition and control system with a database-driven data historian. The goal of this system is to allow quick and efficient configuration of the data acquisition environment to suit specific tests/experiments, as well as to allow quick and efficient data organization, retrieval, and post-processing by technicians and engineers. This position will be the key support person for the system. The individual will need to work with system vendors, integrators, and internal staff to provide continuous improvements, system maintenance, configuration, data transfer, and assist staff in post processing. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Hands on work with lab technicians to physically set up and configure instrumentation Configure data acquisition hardware and software to acquire signal and data using standard communication protocols from data link through application layers Configure data acquisition software to interface with data historian using application layer communication protocols Maintain and continuous improvement to database structure Assist in maintenance of IT hardware, as necessary Generate/program automated data summaries and reports Provide training and ongoing support to engineers and technicians to facilitate efficient retrieval and post-processing of laboratory test data The individual in this position may also be called upon to work cross-functionally in other aligned areas of the organization when data acquisition/historian duties do not require 100% of employee time. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. It is not expected that the individual working in this position will have expert level knowledge in each of the below categories or specific protocols/software or will work with these. However, the more proficiency the individual has in each, the more autonomous the individual is expected to be or require supervisory or vendor support. In general, the recommended competency levels are as follows with regard to the below categories: Minimum: 2-year/associate degree in a technical field focusing on industrial communication systems or computer database systems or electrical technology or instrumentation. Example degree programs - computer technology, computer networking systems, electronics engineering technology, automated systems & robotics, information systems networking administration. 3 years of experience working in the field on data acquisition and instrumentation systems and other automation systems, and/or IT information system support. Have an understanding of the function of each category, software, protocol, or language, and have working proficiency within a category and be able to implement and use a particular language/protocol/software within the category with minimum support. Desired: 4-year/bachelor's degree in an engineering or science technical field 5 or more years of experience working with both field instrumentation set up, commissioning, troubleshooting, as well as application level historian configuration and troubleshooting for a process industry or manufacturing environment. Firm understanding of each category and how it functions within the data acquisition and historian system. Proficiency in independently executing a part of the project residing in one category without additional training, and some proficiency in another category such that implementation can be accomplished with some additional training and/or vendor or supervisory support. Preferred: 4-year/bachelor's, master's, or higher degree in electrical and computer engineering, with emphasis on industrial instrumentation and digital communication and/or digital data structures and information processing and algorithms. 5 or more years of experience as a control and automation system integrator, having proven track record of commissioning, supporting, and maintaining data acquisition and automation systems from the field instrumentation to application level programming and architecture development. Expert level knowledge in two or more of below categories with ability to implement with minimal support. Proficiency with Microsoft office tools, especially Excel Industrial analog and digital communication system protocols including: 4-20mA RS-485 Modbus OPC OLE Foundation Fieldbus HART (Highway Addressable Remote Transducer protocol) Industrial Ethernet TCP/IP BACnet LonWorks Engineering & Scientific data acquisition and processing tools including Matlab LabView EES SigmaPlot Database Theory, Structure, and Reporting SQL Relational databases Data historians and OPC server/client platforms OSI PI Emerson EDS Savigent Historian Wonderware Kepware Kepserver EX MatriconOPC General programing languages: C,C++, C VBA Python Programmable Logic Controllers and/or Embedded Systems