Global Experience Office Overview: The Global Experience Office (GEO) is a central office of global education at Northeastern University, committed to ensuring that every Northeastern student has an opportunity to engage in intellectually challenging and culturally enriching experiences throughout the world. To achieve this, GEO partners with Northeastern colleges and units to integrate global experiences into their curricula and to enhance their capacity in operating global programs. GEO's own signature programs are carefully designed and operated to complement students' on-campus studies, to deepen students' knowledge of the world and their chosen field of study, develop intercultural and political sensitivity, utilize and strengthen foreign language skills, and help students explore global career options. Through these programs, GEO facilitates global experiences for over 2,700 NU students and 200 additional foreign incoming students. Working with the Senior Associate Director of Finance and Operations, the Systems and Data Manager leads GEO's efforts to optimize the use of information systems, consolidate data production, and streamline associated processes. The Manager analyzes GEO and university global business needs and information systems; develops and implements solutions in the areas of integrated database administration, collaboration software, website and social media analytics, technical support, user training, and on-going data maintenance. Critical to the success of this role is the ability to translate technical information for non-technical audiences and turn non-technical feedback into specific technical action items. Lead full implementation of Terra Dotta in GEO. Collaborate with relevant IT units to integrate Terra Dotta with various university systems. Manage the execution of all system change requests and Terra Dotta access rights for multiple user groups. Manage the upgrading of all GEO systems, primarily Terra Dotta. The Systems and Data Manager ensures the integrity, quality and accuracy of GEO data; the consistency and security of data-related protocols; and the compliance with University policies and government regulations. The Manager continuously improves GEO data reporting and analytics by streamlining reporting activities and processes across GEO; creates report templates and dashboards; generates reports for internal and external use. The Manager serves as GEO liaison to Information Technology Services, Office of Decision Support, and the network of IT and non-IT professionals in relevant departments. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent, with 4-6 years of technical experience as business systems analyst Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to effectively communicate with internal, external and non-technical customers Proficient in writing and maintaining scripts to automate system tasks Experience working with identity management system, familiarity with LDAP, Active Directory Knowledge of different Single Sign On implementation methods Demonstrated knowledge of working with integrated systems Experience or knowledge with Terra Dotta, Word Press, Share Point, Salesforce, Quick Books and Oracle is preferred Additional Information: To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: Careers@Northeastern _Northeastern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Educational Institution and Employer, Title IX University. Northeastern University particularly welcomes applications from minorities, women and persons with disabilities. Northeastern University is an E-Verify Employer._ Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-46d05004b9484f489267a060fdf95805