Senior Data Strategist ( Job Number: 180001UK ) Description Chicago Public Schools (CPS) is the third largest school district in the United States, serving over 370,000 students in 600+ schools and employing nearly 36,000 people, most of them teachers. CPS has set ambitious goals to ensure that every student, in every school and every neighborhood, has access to a world-class learning experience that prepares each for success in college, career and civic life. In order to fulfill this mission we make three commitments to our students, their families and all Chicagoans: academic progress, financial stability and integrity. Five core principles are embedded within these commitments – high quality, rigorous instruction, talented and empowered educators, safety and support, financial stability and collective impact. JOB DESCRIPTION: Reporting to the Chief Internal Auditor, the Senior Data Strategist will develop, execute and maintain the Data Analytics frameworks and activities in compliance with applicable audit standards, regulations, governmental requirements and policies consistent with the district’s strategic and operational objectives, mission and vision. The Senior Data Strategist must demonstrate: a disciplined approach to decision making that is data driven; agility to shifting demands and expectations of the organizations obligations; knowledge, skills, and experience necessary in the performance of internal audit services. The Senior Data Strategist will assist the Chief Internal Auditor and be held accountable for the following key responsibilities: Develop, execute and maintain the Data Analytics framework and activities. Demonstrate practical understanding of data analysis concepts and basic programming techniques. Provide technical expertise on data extraction, data cleansing, data mining and analysis. Develop new business intelligence (BI) solutions and maintain existing solutions to support data extraction (for end users). Maintain and update the existing data analytics projects - refresh the data and generate new reports to support continuous auditing/monitoring. Develop new trainings and conduct existing trainings on a regular basis to encourage and facilitate the widespread use of analytics within the internal audit team. Demonstrate ability to understand complex and diverse technology and identify sources and tools needed to deliver analysis and reports. Perform data validation to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the data extracted, and maintain the integrity of the extracted data if it is stored on the IAC’s shared drive. Serve as the resident expert and liaison to all others serving in data analytics (DA) functions. Maintain knowledge of best practices by participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, performing benchmarking, maintaining networks and participating in professional organizations. Collaborate with various DA and IT teams to ensure integrity of data. Perform internal audits as part of a team. Conduct interviews and inquiries with auditees to understand business process, technology and data to support audit scope and objectives. Provide expertise in data analytics for audit and risk management. In the planning phase of an audit, develop analysis to provide useful data insights (i.e. trends, patterns, outliers), to support the development of the scope and objectives and to identify risk and control weaknesses. In the execution phase, develop complex data analysis with the support of Internal Audit leadership. Also provide continual guidance to the staff/senior auditors (i.e. understand the data, perform 100% population testing, and/or perform robust statistical sampling). Proactively held discussion with the Internal Audit leadership to brainstorm on the complex analysis, develop the logic and script/code/workflows, and discuss limitations and any potential issues. Provide quality service to stakeholders, which includes obtaining and demonstrating a strong understanding of the business process and associated data. Communicate effectively with the internal audit team at the audit, department, and leadership level to present test results and potential findings. Identify and develop new analytics (descriptive, diagnostic and prescriptive) to support risk and control conclusions. Maintain existing data analytics projects and develop new projects that support the execution and administration of the IAC’s mission and annual audit plan. Proactively identify repeatable data analysis that can be used by the internal audit team in making informed decisions. Specifically to support planning and scoping of audits and risk assessment. Provide support and guidance to encourage and facilitate the widespread use of analytics within the internal audit team. Build relationships with business partners across the organization for data gathering, data initiative and data governance purposes. Coordinate and communicate effectively with internal auditors, CPS management, and other key stakeholders, as necessary, to meet above objectives and with the support of the Internal Audit leadership engage in special projects, critical process reviews, and investigations as necessary. TYPE OF EDUCATION REQUIRED: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or a relevant field. Master of Arts, Master of Science or MBA preferred. TYPE OF EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Minimum of 3 years experience with either a "Big 4" accounting firm, a mid-level accounting firm, and/or a large corporation's internal audit department, preferably with data analysis or data management experience as it relates to business processes and internal auditing. Minimum of 2 years of hand on experience in performing analysis on large data sets (including data extraction, data mining, test data creation, data validation, data manipulation, profiling, and visualization). Experience using one or more of the following data sources: Oracle and MS SQL. Experience using Alteryx business intelligence tool preferred. Experience with one or more data visualization tools preferred. Experience in education and public sector is a plus. CERTIFICATES OR LICENSES PREFERRED/DESIRED: Relevant certification (e.g., CPA, CFE, CIA, CISA, CISM, or any data analytics or programming certification) preferred. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: Ability to understand complex and diverse technology infrastructure as it relates to data flows and business processes. Strong analytic and data management skills, including the ability to combine complex datasets, identify and conduct appropriate analyses. A wide knowledge and understanding of data collection methodologies, analysis, principles, and techniques. Effective communication, leadership, and time management skills with the ability to act autonomously while being a team player. Ability to communicate data and methodological details clearly and accurately to non-technical audiences. Strong planning and organizational skills. Proven analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to details. Able to act independently and be self-motivated. Experience working with large ERP systems (Oracle, PeopleSoft) is helpful. Broad business acumen – ability to engage in wide variety of business discussions and quickly learn new and/or complex concepts.