Come be a part of a top notch team, apply today!! Achieving superior outcomes across complex federal missions requires deep domain expertise and an exceptional command of their systems, applications and processes. This mandate is our mission at AGS. From managing the safety and security requirements detention through automating workflow at this nation’s central records archive to serving thousands of meals a day to America’s midshipmen, AGS and its strategic partners continually exceed the most stringent performance metrics in some of today’s most complex and demanding federal environments. ISO-9001:2008 Quality Management System compliant and driven by escalating standards of quality and service, look to AGS for the transformative processes that reduce costs, mitigate risk and continually improve program performance. careers@akimaglobalservices.com Program Analyst I With little to no supervision, performs a wide variety of complex technical and administrative services involving but not limited to the following: Database development, management and review, project coordination, quality assurance and other related duties as assigned. Additional tasks include but are not limited to: scheduling and attending meetings, taking minutes, travel arrangements and maintaining calendars. Will maintain necessary paperwork as well as assist in the preparation of personnel paperwork and completion of actions assigned. Create, maintain, and update specified database and or spreadsheet information on a regular basis in relation to this task and provide reports as needed. Develop reporting requirements. This position provides administrative assistance at the executive level. Candidate will assist Director and Senior Managers in communicating to stakeholders. Will provide administrative support in accordance with department rules and procedures. Qualifications REQUIRED SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS Position requires strong working familiarity with presentation software (i.e. MS PowerPoint and Adobe InDesign.) Must have demonstrated strong computer skills and be able to perform duties relating to matters of department operation, execution of day to day activities as well as long term planning Customer service skills are essential for interacting with internal and external customers Must have Federal Acquisition experience Must have HS Diploma or GED Equivalent Must have at least 4+ years of administrative experience We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER We are Equal Opportunity Employers. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance. Please do not use the dedicated phone number above to call on the status of your job application if you do not require accessibility assistance or an accommodation. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by- case basis. In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application. Shift : Day Job Primary Location : US-CA-San Jose Organization : AGS Job : Office & Administrative Support Schedule : Full-time Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External : Ongoing