UNICEF works in some of the world’s toughest places, to reach the world’s most disadvantaged children. To save their lives. To defend their rights. To help them fulfill their potential. Across 190 countries and territories, we work for every child, everywhere, every day, to build a better world for everyone. And we never give up. For every child, a connected world The overarching strategic goal of UNICEF’s ICT Division (ICTD) is to transform and build partnerships with our stakeholders to successfully implement UNICEF programmes globally through the use of innovative technology-enabled solutions. This position is situated within the Solutions Centre and Support in ICTD. One of the Centre’s goals is to provide adequate, user-friendly, and modern business solutions to UNICEF’s different departments and stakeholders as well as providing guidance, governance, and procedures to several enterprise processes such as data collection, program monitoring, digital tools and platforms, and business process optimization throughout the organization. How can you make a difference? Under the direction of the Lead Full Stack Web Developer, the incumbent will provide back-end and front-end web development and customization support to UNICEF’s external-facing web content management systems/applications. These tools are currently being developed and customized in close coordination with Division of Communication (DOC) and will be used by all UNICEF offices for their external digital communications and engagement requirements. The incumbent will perform hands-on development and customization activities, make professional analytical contributions, develop a collaborative working environment, maintain effective partnerships with clients and reliably deliver professional quality services and products. Key responsibilities: _Manage and perform hands-on activities for the complete application development cycle for UNICEF website projects:_ Perform requirement gathering/ design/ development/ customization/ test/ implementation tasks for web content management systems such as Open Text (RedDot), Drupal, WordPress, etc. following best practices and standards. Following product roadmap, translate user requirements into systems specifications. _Provide first level maintenance, enhancement, and troubleshooting support for web content management and hosting system/applications_ : Collaborate with DOC Global Training and Support Lead to provide technical support and assistance to HQ and Field Office staff in the sphere of website issues and related areas. Perform enhancement and customization to implemented solutions, as and when required. Run and analyze QA tests (e.g. unit tests, acceptance tests, regression tests) _Provide administration/management and monitoring support for all web applications and related infrastructure used or supported by the team:_ Assist web administrator with daily web applications management, monitoring, and support activities for all PaaS/SaaS web applications. Provide support on installation, configuration, upgrade, and maintenance of the content management systems, website hosting environment, log analytics tool/software management, website search software/tool, RDBMs, and website security management software/tool. _Preparation and maintenance of documentation:_ Ensure necessary technical documentation for tools and modules is in place. Prepare application documentation, update procedures and processes as necessary. Measure and periodically report on key performance indicators. _Research, evaluation of new technologies:_ Conduct research and make recommendations on web tools/software and services for external-facing websites; Assist in tools/software selection and vendor evaluations. Interface with other units in the organization to recommend new technology opportunities that will have an impact on external-facing web applications/environment. To qualify as a champion for every child you will have… An advanced university degree (Master’s or higher) in computer science, engineering or a related field is required. A combination of a first university degree combined with two additional years of relevant professional experience may be substituted for the advanced university degree. A minimum of two (2) years of hands-on development experience in Drupal, including custom module development, key contributed modules and core API. Fluency in English is required. Knowledge of another official UN language (Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian or Spanish) is an asset. In addition, the following skills and experience are strongly preferred: Experience with Drupal 8 and proficiency in the optimization, maintenance and administration of Drupal modules and sites; Proficiency in Drupal-adjunct technologies such as the LAMP stack, HTML, CSS, jQuery/JavaScript, SaaS, Varnish, SOLR, Rest API services, multi-dev workflow with either a front-end or back-end focus; Some experience with Drupal 8 in a headless configuration, and content as a service (CaaS) emerging areas; Desired experience using Acquia as the infrastructure platform for Drupal; Strong hands-on experience with PHP and MySQL database; Working knowledge of development frameworks, such as Symfony. Working knowledge of SEO coding best practices Hands-on experience developing responsive designs, A/B and multivariate tests Familiarity with Agile methodology and Scrum framework, version control systems, such as Git continuous integration system and automated testing practices For every Child, you demonstrate… Our core values of Commitment, Diversity and Integrity and our core competencies are Communication, Working with People and Drive for Results. In addition, the following functional competencies are required for this position: Analyzing (2) Applying Technical Expertise (2) Formulating Strategies and Concepts (1) Planning and Organizing (1) View our competency framework here. Remarks: UNICEF is committed to diversity and inclusion within its workforce, and encourages all candidates, irrespective of gender, nationality, religious and ethnic backgrounds, including persons living with disabilities, to apply to become a part of the organization. Mobility is a condition of international professional employment with UNICEF and an underlying premise of the international civil service. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted and advance to the next stage of the selection process. Opening Date Tue Aug 07 2018 08:00:00 GMT-0500 (Central Daylight Time) Eastern Daylight Time Closing Date Tue Aug 21 2018 22:55:00 GMT-0500 (Central Daylight Time)