Los Gatos, California Customer Service It's an amazing time to be joining the Netflix team as we continue to transform entertainment around the world. We are enabling people to have more control over what they watch and when they watch it. Our efforts have helped to grow Netflix to over 117 million members globally, and we won’t stop there. That's where you come in. As a Technical Escalations Specialist, you will monitor product health and work with Engineering and Product Management teams to resolve issues and drive the best possible customer experience. You will utilize a robust set of data analytics including: real-time product health metrics, member escalations, queryable data from database systems, CS and social media channels, and help center metrics. You are a constant advocate for the member experience who can pair data with sentiment to tell a compelling story to Product teams and drive continuous joy for our global membership. In this exciting role, you’ll develop deep knowledge of the Netflix product, as well as work cross-functionally with a variety of internal Netflix stakeholders and external business partners. You’ll strengthen the critical link between our global Customer Service Operations teams as we continue to expand into new markets and grow as a brand. If you are a natural critical thinker, problem solver, have a passion for data analysis and can work with a large variety of cross-functional stakeholders, you are a great for this role. Responsibilities Monitor key metrics related to product quality and drive initiatives to improve reliability of services and reduce user pain. Collaborate with Engineering, Product Stakeholders, CS Operations, and other cross-functional teams on user-impacting issues and quality improvement initiatives to drive the best possible user experience. We’re a run fast, fail well company where innovation culture leads the way. You’ll lead post mortems for identifying process gaps and take corrective actions to prevent recurrences of similar issues in the future. Provide product and tool support for a variety of different internal CS verticals. Qualifications Critical thinker with problem solving skills and a high attention to detail Clear and effective communicator Thrive in an innovative culture where autonomy is necessary Highly analytical with an ability to make data-driven decisions and translate identified opportunities into actionable changes Intellectually curious, you’re obsessed with knowing everything Intermediate to advanced SQL/Presto Plus experience, analyzing/manipulating spreadsheet data, generating reports, and pulling data using database queries. Winning Qualities (helpful but not required) Working knowledge of other business analytics tools (e.g., Tableau and microstrategy) a plus Familiarity with issue management systems such as JIRA Understanding of Cloud Computing platforms (particularly AWS) or familiarity with network infrastructure Familiarity with Global Payments systems