Layer 7 Data Solutions is a full life-cycle technology services company. We help businesses resolve technical issues from layers 1 through 7. Layer 7 Data Solutions has been making advanced technology simple and cost effective for the SMB and Enterprise market for over a decade. Layer 7 Data Solutions has a great opportunity with one of our clients in Menands, New York. The client provides statewide IT strategic direction, directs IT policy and delivers centralized IT products and services that support the mission of the State. Client transforms IT services in an effort to make New York State government work smarter for its citizens and enable the state to be accessible for businesses through the use of technology. We are currently hiring Technical Architect to join our Team in Menands, NY . Job Responsibilities: Maintain, enhance and support a Lotus Notes environment. Maintain, enhance and support Lotus Notes applications Administer, maintain and support Lotus Domino servers Administer, maintain and support LEI servers exchanging data between Lotus Notes and DB2 databases Administer, maintain and support an on-premises SharePoint farm Maintain, enhance and support SharePoint sites and applications Perform unit and integration testing of code Troubleshoot and remediate logic, workflow and performance issues Document application design, program specifications and infrastructure requirements Perform knowledge transfer to ITS staff Provide status updates on a monthly, weekly or daily basis, when requested Create and consume of Web Services Communicate with BA staff for requirements and testing. Required Skills: 7 years of experience managing Domino servers including backups, patches, disaster recovery and security. 5 years of experience managing performance tuning, user migration, version upgrades and capacity planning in a Lotus Notes environment. 5 years of experience performing Domino/Lotus Notes operations, server issues and advanced level troubleshooting. 4 years of experience working with Lotus Enterprise Integration Servers and exchanging data with DB2 and Microsoft SQL Server databases. 4 years of using network and distributed computing concepts for Domino Servers and Lotus Notes applications. 4 years of experience developing Lotus Notes applications including data migration/conversion. 3 years of experience in administering and maintaining an on-premises SharePoint farm. 3 years of experience developing, maintaining and supporting SharePoint applications and workflows. 3 years of experience developing written system documentation and application flow diagrams. A minimum of 6 months experience with Groovy/Grails programming using MVC pattern. Must be authorized to work in United States. No sponsorship and no third parties. Must be local candidate.