What you’ll be doing… The Channel Programs and Analytics Manager is responsible for ensuring channel sales productivity and program efficiency. This includes supporting channel sales strategy and performance, and will be closely aligned with the region’s leadership. Some of things you'll be doing include... Work with management on the design and development of the Global Channel Programs, delivering in year or annual changes. Design, develop and administer channel program analytics, reporting and dashboards to drive business decisions. Support the design and implementation of processes related to measurement, governance, and communication of the channel programs. Provide recommendations on action to be taken based on strategic objectives or performance metrics, attend regional staff meetings when/where needed. Administer, manage and report on channel revenue and other key channel metrics using Tableau methodology and automation / forecasting tools; drive adoption of tools and dashboards within respective regions. Share best practices across channel sales teams track and report on these activities related to best practices and agreed upon strategic objectives on a periodic basis. Partner with Regional Channel Sales Management on business planning and strategy for their respective sales areas. Work with the headquarters business operations team to provide recommendations for localization of channel processes and tools for the region you support. Train the regional channel leadership team and regional channel sales team on new sales techniques, process changes, and tool changes. Drive communication of important information to the regional channel sales team during staff meetings, over the phone, and in person. Be integral to the change management process ensuring adoption of new channel processes and tools through performance measures. Partner with Business Systems or IT to deliver automation or systematics tools to drive channel productivity. Intermittently shadow calls and attend sales calls to ensure quality of sales team execution first hand and recommend enhancements and training opportunities to regional sales leadership. Be available to help with operational and non‐sales related issues to enable the efficiency of the channel sales force. Who you are… Experienced. 5 to 8 years’ experience in Sales, Sales Operations or Business Operations. Enterprise software sales experience a plus. Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration or related field. MBA preferred. Experience using CRM applications; Salesforce.com or Oracle a plus. Domain. Superior analytical skills. Advanced MS Excel & SQL skills You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.