Job Description As a Product Manager, you will own and drive the product strategy and roadmap for data and visualization area of Illumio ASP, a highly innovative, disruptive product that solves real security challenges for some of the most complex enterprises in the world. The data and visualization area includes Illumination, Policy Generator, Explorer, and Vulnerability Maps. You will work with a team of extraordinary designers and engineers in a thriving, agile development environment to envision and create key solutions for customer problems. Major Performance Objective Drive business initiatives through product strategy, product roadmap, product definition and ultimately, shipping product that delights our customers Collaborate with engineering and customers to deliver solutions needed to drive exponential revenue growth Quickly earn the status of “subject matter expert” with your colleagues in Engineering (Dev, QA and UX) through deep interaction and hands-on collaboration Quickly earn the status of “go to” person with your colleagues in customer-facing roles (Sales, SE, Support, Customer Success and PS) Key tasks in achieving performance objectives Be a guiding light for multiple scrum teams, recruit them into your product vision, and prioritize backlog to deliver four releases a year to the market. Roll up your sleeves to define, prioritize and communicate product requirements and corresponding acceptance criteria Collaborate with customers and get instant feedback – drive that feedback into PRDs, epics and user stories for the scrum teams. Envelope yourself with Illumio’s awesome sales teams and make them successful. Author insightful presentations, papers, and blog entries with Illumio’s marketing team based on the solutions you are creating with your scrum teams. Qualifications You have prioritized strategic and tactical features of a product based on inputs from market, competition, customers, fields, and engineering Strong understanding of data center networking and security technologies. Knowledge of public/private clouds (AWS, Azure, Vmware-based private clouds) Experience with big data analytics and visualization preferred Strong written and presentation skills Previous start-up experience preferred 3 years of product management experience in enterprise networking/security required. Additional experience in technical marketing or systems engineering preferred. MBA preferred. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.