Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Up to 25% Relocation Provided: No American General Life Insurance Company Business Analytics & Reporting Manager Your future team Our technology teams collaborate with their worldwide colleagues and partners every day to take on the challenges of providing IT support to one of the world’s leading financial services firm. We’re people who believe that with the right values and hard work, anything is possible. We know that if we’re at our best, that enables our customers to be their best and realize their dreams and hoped for successes. The Information Technology group provides enterprise- wide IT solutions for all of AIG’s specialized disciplines. Technology provides strategic and procedural support in all of AIG’s specialized disciplines, such as policy issuance, premium collection, claims handling, and administration. It enables AIG to deliver business strategies through efficient world-class IT and operations services, while ensuring the necessary IT risk management and security measures are in place. Your contribution at AIG As a Leader, you are respected for your deep technical expertise and/or ability to oversee programs and processes. You balance the needs of multiple stakeholders, making sound decisions using data, analysis, experience, and judgment, along with a risk mindset. Ultimately, you take ownership for key outcomes. The primary purpose of the job is to manage the design and implementation of Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Reporting solutions in support of the development of the Actuarial Data Repository (ADR) managed by the Actuarial Information Technology group. The Actuarial IT team needs a strong Business Analytics & Reporting Manager to manage a group of dedicated Data Integration, Database and BI developers and work closely with Actuarial Information Technology stakeholders and business users in the design and implementation of reporting and data analysis systems. The project supports the actuarial department’s growing data needs, automation of data intake and analysis. This position is required as we enter a new stage of increased needs for data analysis in Actuarial projects. Successful candidates should be self-driven, able to work with minimum supervision and have extensive experience in Reporting, Data Visualization, Data Analysis, Business Intelligence and a background in finance and insurance. What we are looking for Extensive experience leading teams in the Business Intelligence and Data Analytics arena Experience with dashboards, interactive reporting, or some other form of visual display of quantitative information Extensive hands-on experience in Reporting, Data Visualization, Data Analysis, Business Intelligence systems At least 8 years of experience utilizing MicroStrategy, Microsoft Power BI or similar products for developing dynamic reports and dashboards Experience developing large scale systems in a controlled development and testing environment At least 4 years of experience managing the career of Software Engineers and/or System Developers. Excellent data analysis and SQL skills Sound understanding of Relational Data Warehousing Ability to work utilizing Agile-Based methodologies (such as Extreme Programming and Scrum) within a Software development function Ability to work well as part of a team in a high pressure, agile environment Experience communicating and interacting with all levels of management in the process of gathering requirements. Experience working in controlled development, testing and production environments Familiarity with standard development toolkits including source repositories (TFS) is a plus Excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills Strong written and oral communication skill Demonstrated ability to work as part of a team Solid work ethic, self-driven with the ability to work with minimal supervision Basic understanding of finance and insurance industry is a plus It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.