What You'll Do Distinguished Engineer with proven technology leadership in networking industry. The target technology area goes beyond a single product or product line, and will require working with multiple groups inside Cisco, and customers. The job requires high skill levels in architecture, implementation, design, evangelization, marketing support ,& account team engagement. Who You'll Work With Cisco has organized the hardware organization into what we call the Common Hardware Group (CHG). You will have the opportunity to work with people which span the full enterprise to service provider spectrum. Who You Are Minimum Qualifications Actively participate in engagements with current and potential customers. Ensure feedback from customers is incorporated into future products, working with product management and engineering Work with product marketing on future product architectures Work with hardware, software and test engineering to deliver quality products to the field Work with external vendors to ensure they can deliver products which meet our needs for future products Support customer demonstrations at internal labs, demo labs, and/or trade shows and conferences Author/co-author white papers and user tutorials for the Marketplace Collaborate with Field Solutions and CSE teams to leverage expertise and scaling potential Provide technical TOI and NPI training in various customer-oriented events The ideal candidate will have experience in the following areas: System Architecture Hardware Design FPGA Design and Verification ASIC Design and Verification Software Architecture System Bringup and Debug Thermal Engineering Standards Comittees Strong documentation Skills Strong leadership skills Demonstrated communications skills and experience deeloping preentations, whitepapers, and architectural documents working with platform engineering Proven ability to build technical relationships with customer architects and software teams, and with Cisco cloud, data center, and network product teams and partners Exceptional decision making, conflict resolution, perseverance, and follow-through Education / Experience Qualifications for Consideration: BS/BA in Computer Science or related field, MS preferred At least 15 years’ experience Architecture, designing hardware systems Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.