Why PROS? This is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30B addressable market. PROS culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. We have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. We’re committed to the success of our customers. That’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible. Our people make PROS stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets. Business Operations Analyst, Customer Success A Business Operations Analyst provides operational support inside a large department including a strong partnership with the department executive(s) to ensure alignment with organizational priorities. Incumbents assist the department heads to ensure attainment of financial and operational goals within the department and in support of PROS’ strategic objectives; may represent the department at meetings or other events; acts as a project manager or participant to improve processes, create efficiencies, and promote cooperation between functional divisions. The Company - PROS: PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) is leading the shift to modern commerce, helping competitive enterprises create a personalized and frictionless experience for their customers. Powered with Dynamic Pricing Science, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services with speed, precision and consistency across all sales channels. Our customers lead their markets across more than 10 sectors, and benefit from 30 years of accumulated knowledge and data science infused into our purpose-built solutions. PROS drives more than 200 million prices and 1.7 billion forecasts every day for enterprises in more than 30 industries around the globe. Our mission is to help companies and the people who work for them outperform. To learn more, visit pros.com. A Day in the Life of the Business Operations Analyst -About the role: Track and report on strategic progress toward departmental objectives Analyze weekly and monthly reports created by functional divisions Coordinate departmental communication strategies Coordinate with cross functional teams as necessary to manage dependencies and intra-departmental needs Work closely with other departments or external groups to align expectations and meet timelines. Coordinate strategy and resources to respond to RFPs Provide operational support to corporate administrative functions: Accounting/Finance, Human Resources, Legal, Information Technology, etc. May require objectives specific to departmental function Summarize and present data on business processes, successes, goals, etc. Required Qualifications - About you: Good written and verbal communication skills Good organizational skills with strong attention to detail Ability to understand strategic objectives and create tactical solutions Ability to collaborate effectively with others Ability to think creatively to develop/improve processes Understanding of the specific departmental functions and purpose MS Excel and SQL is a plus Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in management/other business discipline, engineering, computer sciences or similar. PROS Core Values Ownership Integrity Innovation Why PROS? This is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30B addressable market. PROS culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. We have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. We’re committed to the success of our customers. That’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible. Our people make PROS stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets. The Company - PROS: PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) is leading the shift to modern commerce, helping competitive enterprises create a personalized and frictionless experience for their customers. Powered with Dynamic Pricing Science, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services with speed, precision and consistency across all sales channels. Our customers lead their markets across more than 10 sectors, and benefit from 30 years of accumulated knowledge and data science infused into our purpose-built solutions. PROS drives more than 200 million prices and 1.7 billion forecasts every day for enterprises in more than 30 industries around the globe. Our mission is to help companies and the people who work for them outperform. To learn more, visit pros.com.