Description: Responsible for the fundamental technology work of architecting/designing/building the core frameworks for our system platforms,data products and end to end solutions, including building platform and performance components. Makes high-level design choices and dictates technical standards, tools, and platforms and must have an understanding of systems engineering principles derived from experience. Provide design patterns suitable to the distributed computing and cloud technologies. Key Job Responsibilities: Work with leadership to provide a forward-looking roadmap for the IT Networking and Systems Infrastructure Job Requirements. Collaborate with critical stakeholders to understand business needs, priority, and the quality of services to be created or enhanced. Drive solution to be compliant with Target State Architecture. Drive enhancements to Target State Architecture to meet future business needs. Responsible for discovering and identifying any bottleneck gaps such as manual flows that can hinder the services or impact cycle time or cost and resolve them early during the solution, design, and construction phase. Ensure applications and services are leveraging building blocks whenever possible. Leverage the latest and cutting edge technologies to design the world class solutions. Ensure the integration of multiple layers of the solution throughout the vertical stack. Consider the clients non functional requirements such as security, privacy, scalability, resiliency, and performance in all solutions. May define and design functional, technical, performance, and reliability solutions in line with client inferred requirements. Solves complex performance issues. Creates massive distributed systems. Creates integrated solutions between legacy and target state solutions. Create vendor guidelines and best practices. Define company technical strategic directions for vendor selection, technology choices, engineering processes, and tools. • Supervise teams of IT employees to address the company’s computer, software, Internet and network security needs. In addition to managing the IT team, the individual will be responsible for the execution of projects developed by the business and other technology related aspects. Develop reliable metrics for hardware, software and storage while ensuring strategic capacity planning. Communicate clearly with executive leadership as well as end-users Oversee the operation of server systems Identify security vulnerabilities and eliminate them with strategic solutions that increase data safety. Direct and support implementation of software and hardware upgrades. Identify and recommend new technology solutions that we can implement in our department. Additional Information: Experience Typically requires 10-12 years experience. Technical Career Pathway role. Education Preferred Bachelors of Science degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience.