BAMTECH Media is a place for the creative and the bold. We’re seeking talent across disciplines to join our team. Whether New York City, San Francisco, Manchester or Amsterdam we provide opportunities to elevate your career and transform an industry. Media Operations Assistants are members of a 24/7 technical media operations team. This team is responsible for monitoring and maintaining quality control over front-end, consumer facing features of live linear and VOD streaming media products, including playback/rights verification of television programming, live programming monitoring and extensions, and incident management. Solid computer and technical background. Previous QA experience. Bachelor’s Degree or some post-secondary course work. At least 2-3 years of work experience in a team centric work environment. Familiarization with live video production/broadcast is plus. Availability to work a flexible schedule, including nights, weekends and holidays Must be available to work a 6-8 hour shift between the hours of 7pm and 4am including weekends, and holidays. Must have confidence working with new technology and learning custom office applications. Exemplary attention to detail and ability to stay focused for long periods of time. Must possess strong communication and organizational skills. Must have a strong ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced, time-sensitive environment. Previous QA experience preferred. Bachelor’s Degree or some post-secondary course work preferred. At least 2-3 years of work experience in a team centric work environment. Familiarity with streaming media products (e.g., Netflix, Fire TV, Hulu, Roku, etc.), a plus. Grasp of the basic rules of the four major US sports, NFL, NBA, NHL, MLB, and second- tier sports, e.g., rugby, darts, F1 racing, cricket, also a plus. Quality control checking of consumer facing live linear and VOD streaming media. Playback and entitlement verification of movies and television shows on console and/or mobile platforms. Clear, concise communication and escalation with internal development and operational staff. Monitoring and extending live programming. Learning new, custom technology and platforms on-the-fly. 582108