Functional Area: Research/Development Facility: Corporate Office Relocation Provided: No Education Required: Not Indicated Experience Required: Not Indicated Travel Percent: 0 Position Description Manage a highly technical QA Engineering Team for product releases. Manage, hire and grow the QA Engineering Team. Provide technical leadership regarding testing of leading-edge data center switches and products. Provide testing methodologies for new technologies. Collaborate with cross functional teams in multiple geos to ensure timely and quality product releases. Analyze, Manage and Report Status to Engineering Management. Manage functional team that support defects coming in from customers. Manage Maintenance Product releases to ensure timely turn-around of customer defects. Perform manual and automated testing and resolve customer issues related to large network infrastructure. Troubleshoot networking products running in large-scale, highly-available network infrastructures. Test the application of Layer 2 /Layer 3 (L2/L3) network protocols, advanced features sets, such as virtualization, executing industry compliance / security test suites and configuration of Cisco routers / switches. Design test plans for the latest features and network protocols for products. Develop automated test scripts in various interfaces for all future regression. Develop interoperability tests of company solutions with vendor products. Document and provide input to published manuals, guides, and test reports. Position Requirements Bachelor's Degree 8 years of experience SQA Methodologies, Processes and Tools including Waterfall, Agile, Black Box, White Box, Regression and System Testing; Manage and lead high performance technical operations team; Data Center Domain Networking Knowledge; Java/Python; Ability to understand and troubleshoot network operating system software and solutions such as juniper junos, cisco IOS, cisco nexus, cisco UCS, juniper Q-fabric or similar LI-DNP We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. -