Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division The Information Technology (IT) group at KLA-Tencor is involved in every aspect of the global business. IT’s mission is to enable business growth and productivity by connecting people, process, and technology. It focuses not only on enhancing the technology that enables our business to thrive but also on how employees use and are empowered by technology. This integrated approach to customer service, creativity and technological excellence enables employee productivity, business analytics, and process excellence. Responsibilities IT systems/storage management & Network segmentation. Business relationship interaction with stakeholders and program oversight on IT projects. New applications integration. Upgrade systems to latest version in Production Infrastructure. Integrity changes to release dependencies on Integrated connector Preferred Qualifications Experience managing IT security programs with Cisco and Palo Alto technologies. Understanding of IT Security Domains like Antivirus, MalWare, network access control. Good understanding of user impact and dependencies towards change management on system, network and security activity. Minimum Qualifications 10 years of related IT experience in System, Servers and Cyber security programs Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.