Role Title: Data Security Analyst Job Type: Contract/Full-time (W-2) Estimated Start Date: August 20, 2018 Contract Duration: Up to 18 months Location: Redmond, WA You want steady income, outstanding benefits and a job that lets you shine doing what you do best. But more than that, you want a role that will let you dive deepusing your talent, expertise, and drivewhile challenging you to continue to develop and contribute. Whether you are seeking long-term contract opportunities or permanent job placement, Team Red Dog has the clients looking for your skills and experience. Business Overview: Our client, a multinational software and tech company, needs a Security Data Analyst to work oninvestigating and reporting on cybercriminals and frauds. The ideal candidate is an independent worker with proven experience in data analytics and an interest in broadening the ways data can be manipulated to better investigate cybercriminals. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Complete structured cycles of work in a timely, consistent manner. Look over cybercriminaland/or fraudactivity and decide onwhichcybercriminal to investigate. Investigate chosen cybercriminals and fraud activities. Gather data/information for the development of measures and reports for historical and/or predictive analysis. Consult with business groups and relevant external partners to aid in research and investigation. Report on findings of investigations. Support theteam in taking disruptive actions against cybercriminals to prevent further crimes. Qualifications/Experience: Bachelors degree requiredin quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Economics, Finance, Data Science, etc. 1 to 3 years of professional experience in data analytics. Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Excel?including Pivot tables, v-lookup, and other business fundamentals. Basic SQL knowledge. Solid understanding of computers and internet functions including working knowledge of networking. Strong writing skills with practicein writing reports. Passion for digging into complex problems and large datasets. To quickly apply - fill out the online form and questionnaire below and attach your resume and cover letter (optional). If your background is a match for this specific role, then someone from our Recruiting Team will contact you within 24 hours. All applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. without the need for sponsorship. Team Red Dog (formerly Red Dog Interactive, Inc.) is an E-Verify employer. Please no solicitations from C2C or recruiting firms.