Summary: The Housing Specialist is responsible for building collaborative relationships in the community with the City of San Jose, other Community-Based Organizations that provide case management services, and landlords who may be potentially renting to the program. This position will assist clients in the initial rental subsidy application process; conduct detailed client interviews to obtain complete and accurate information; implement subsidy issuances; perform unit inspections and ensure annual re-certifications, as applicable; develop and accumulate available housing resources; and implement the processes necessary to assist clients to secure and maintain stable, safe, and affordable housing and related services in Santa Clara County. The Housing Specialist will also maintain a network of landlords willing to work with the housing program. The position will assist clients with the goal to achieve and maintain long- term housing affordability. The Housing Specialist works collaboratively with case managers, medical social workers, nurses, and others in the community. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Interviews applicants and recipients of housing assistance, elicits personal and financial information, and provides assistance in matters such as completion of forms and obtaining required verifications to determine eligibility and benefit level for housing assistance. Contacts individuals, public and private agencies, businesses, and other sources to verify eligibility data, to clarify documentation discrepancies, and/or gaps in information. Implements subsidy issuance to ensure all new certificates are awarded as funding becomes available, either through client attrition or the acquisition of additional funding. Maintains compliance with all applicable City, County, HUD and Fair Housing laws and regulations. Guides and educates clients on how to secure and maintain permanent affordable housing, including tenant/landlord rights and responsibilities. Maintains list of landlords and affordable rental units available to program participants. Develops, establishes, and maintains professional working relationships with landlords and property managers, with an emphasis on direct contact and negotiation with unit owners. Assists clients who require help in completing and executing all necessary paperwork during the housing search and after a suitable unit is located, including rental applications, leases or rental agreements, house rules, etc. Conducts unit inspections as required by the Rental Subsidy Program policies and guidelines, coordinates field and home visits with other housing staff, and reports to Program Manager any conditions that may be hazardous to tenants who are at high risk of infection. Monitors client and landlord compliance with program requirements, local landlord/tenant laws, and lease between the landlord and client. Manages and mediates tenants/landlords/neighbors grievances and reports landlord and client non- compliance issues to the Case Management providers for appropriate follow-up. Networks with community and stakeholders, remaining current on issues and activities which occur locally and on the state and national level as they relate to housing for people with chronic health conditions, homelessness, and the chronicallyhomeless populations. Attends required trainings to maintain current industry knowledge and to develop increased expertise in the area of housing and homelessness. Explains program requirements and provides information to landlords, tenants, and members of the community when questions or concerns about the program arise. Performs administrative tasks required for the job including data entry, word processing, typing, filing, and answering phones. Organizes work load independently to ensure records and documents are thoroughly completed, processed, and updated within time constraints. Maintains adequate records and other documentation necessary for the collection of data and statistics pertaining to program outcomes, demographics, and information as required by funders. Provides assistance and serves as back-up to other housing staff as needed. Actively models and communicates the mission and vision and supports a corporate culture of empowerment, team building, and open communication. Performs other duties as assigned. EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING Bachelor’s degree from an accredited school or equivalent combination of education, training, and work experience to demonstrate ability to perform the above essential duties and responsibilities. Experience and knowledge of subsidized Housing programs and the local housing market. Bilingual English and Spanish, Vietnamese, or Chinese preferred. MINIMUM KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITY Familiarity with rules and regulations governing HUD-funded housing programs. Familiarity with pertinent Federal, State, and local housing laws, codes, and regulations. Knowledge and understanding of fair housing and tenant-landlord laws. Ability to communicate effectively with diverse population groups and maintain a high standard of professional and ethical conduct. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. Ability to conduct effective interviews at times under difficult or stressful circumstances. Awareness of negotiation techniques and principles. Knowledge of business correspondence and ability to write clearly and effectively and to proofread for grammar, spelling, and punctuation with a high degree of accuracy. Knowledge of community resources related to housing and the ability to perform basic math such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and calculating decimals, percentages, and fractions. Ability to work independently and/or with general supervision. Ability to prioritize, problem solve, and utilize critical thinking and good judgment skills. Knowledge of principles of research and data collection. Computer literate; ability to use Microsoft Office, Google products and data bases such as Homeless Management Information System (HMIS). Ability to read maps and follow directions. WORKING CONDITIONS Normal office environment with little exposure to excessive noise, dust, and temperature. Duties are performed in a combination of office and field settings. Local travel required. Must be available to work some evenings. Car available for daily use with valid driver’s license and automobile insurance as required by the State of California. Annual Tuberculosis test required. Employment background screening required. EOE