Job Description This an integral role within the Data Analytics and Self-Service Business Intelligence (SSBI) team in Internal Manufacturing Procurement Operations. We are responsible for working with the Global Supply Management organizations to solve business supply chain problems using data. Candidate will work directly with the Data Stewards from the procurement organization and our Community of Practice. This team will provide level 2 and level 3 support for business intelligence work spanning across procurement operations. Candidate will contribute to transforming how the business groups in procurement design their data and systems to achieve world class procurement operations through the use of data analytics and workflow automation. Successful candidates will have a deep knowledge, proficiency and experience with Excel, PowerBI, ETL techniques, Microsoft BI stack, DAX, SQL, Relational Databases, RPA and PEGA. Ideal candidates will have a PMP certification, the ability to analyze data, create data models, and interpret the results that will enable others to drive change and action. Candidate will apply mathematics, statistics and advanced analytics to find patterns and relationships in data to drive optimization within our operations. Candidate should be able to create dashboard visuals that are both aesthetically pleasing and tell a story. Individuals must demonstrate that they are a self-starter, responsible, dependable and inquisitive. Past work experience in Supply Chain, R and/or Python is a plus. Desire to infuse new mindset to streamline our business is a must. Candidate should be very comfortable working within teams and sharing their knowledge with teammates. Challenging status quo and passion to drive smart change using data is essential to the job. Qualifications BS + 3 yrs. exp.; MS + 2 yrs. exp. in Business Administration; Information Technology; Computer Science or other technical degrees and 3+ years of experience in Engineering/Project Management/Data Analytics experience. This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position. Inside this Business Group As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.