Overview American Science and Engineering, an OSI Systems Company is seeking a Warehouse Supervisor in its Billerica, MA Facility _._ AS &E; is an industry leader in detection technology, providing cargo and vehicle inspection systems and services for ports, borders, military, high- threat facilities, and checkpoints to help customers combat terrorism, drug smuggling, illegal immigration, and trade fraud. We offer a broad array of scanning system configurations that leverage low-, medium-, and high-energy X-ray technology—or multiple X-ray technologies—to address each customer’s unique security application requirements. Our commitment to excellence in imaging performance, innovative design, and uncompromising quality ensures our solutions consistently deliver best-in-class imaging, high reliability, and operator satisfaction, to help customers find threats and contraband with ease and confidence. The Warehouse Supervisor will ensure maximum efficiencies in inventory flow, storage, and accuracy from supplier receipt to manufacturing point of use and all overflow inventory locations. Manages inventory in several offsite / 3PL inventory locations. Responsibilities Plans, Develops, and Implements strategies associated with physical inventory storage to maximize space capacity and flow of materials. Supervises and schedules warehouse personnel activities to include receiving, material handling, Cargo Ship kit / Mfg. WO kitting, SO release and service order picks for shipping. Leads ERP system implementation for warehouse function Oversees day to day cycle count process and KPI reporting Ensures adherence to set business processes Uphold the company’s core values of Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, and Teamwork Demonstrate behavior consistent with the company’s Code of Ethics and Conduct It is the responsibility of every employee to report to their manager or a member of senior management any quality problems or defects in order for corrective action to be implemented and to avoid recurrence of the problem Ensure that direct report(s) are trained and evaluated on their knowledge and adherence to the company’s values, Code of Ethics and Conduct, and applicable compliance policies. Duties may be modified or assigned at any time to meet the needs of the business. Qualifications HS Diploma required, some college work or degree a plus 3-5 years inventory control / warehousing experience, preferably in a heavy industrial manufacturing environment. 1-2 years warehouse supervision experience preferred ERP (Oracle, SAP, Dynamics) / Warehousing Barcode Implementation experience Strong data analytics skills Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills Must be US Persons based on ITAR definition (US Citizen or Permanent Resident) This position is expected to be exposed to information which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of U.S. regulations. This position includes education verification as part of our background check. Equal Opportunity Employer EEO is the Law Poster Link: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf _OSI Systems, Inc. has three operating divisions: (a) Security, providing security and inspection systems, turnkey security screening solutions and related services; (b) Healthcare, providing patient monitoring, diagnostic cardiology and anesthesia systems; and (c) Optoelectronics and Manufacturing, providing specialized electronic components and electronic manufacturing services for original equipment manufacturers with applications in the defense, aerospace, medical and industrial markets, among others._