We have an opening for a full-time ADMINISTRATOR, OFFICE PERSONNEL - HRLY position. Location : 4445 S. 36th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85040 _Note: online applications accepted_ _only_ _._ Schedule : F/T: Sunday through Thursday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Requirement : Previous Payroll experience. Great multi-tasking skills while working in a fast-paced office environment. Microsoft Word & Excel proficient. Strong interpersonal, customer service and organizational skills. If you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. Crothall Healthcare, a division of Compass Group North America, provides customer focused support services. As specialists, we perform services including healthcare housekeeping, management in laundry processing, patient transportation, business facilities management and clinical engineering. Crothall is a compilation of the most committed and talented individuals working in the industry today. Our dedication to quality, exceptional customer service, and unequivocal results allow us to provide the best outcomes to our clients. Full time associates at Crothall are offered many fantastic benefits such as: Medical Dental Vision Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) Commuter Benefits Wellness Program Employee Assistance Program Life Insurance for Associates and Eligible Dependents Short Term Disability (STD) and Long Term Disability (LTD) Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance Discount Marketplace 401(k) And other voluntary benefits Job Summary Summary: Performs a variety of clerical duties, including answering telephones, bookkeeping, typing, word processing, office machine operation and filing. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Trains other staff members to perform work activities, such as using computer applications. Answers telephones, directs calls, takes messages and runs errands. Prepares meeting agendas, attends meetings and records/transcribes minutes. Makes travel arrangements. Completes work schedules, manages calendars and arranges appointments. Opens and routes incoming mail, answers correspondence and prepares outgoing mail. Compiles, copies, sorts and files records of office activities, business transactions and other activities. Completes and mails bills, contracts, policies, invoices and checks. Operates office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems and personal computers. Types, formats, proofreads and edits correspondence, reports and other documents. Reviews files, records and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests. Computes, records and proofreads data and other information. Processes and prepares documents, such as business or government forms and expense reports. Maintains and updates filing, inventory, mailing and database systems. Communicates with customers, employees and others to answer questions; disseminates or explains information; takes orders and addresses complaints. Collects, counts and disburses money; performs basic bookkeeping; completes banking transactions. Troubleshoots problems involving office equipment. Performs other duties as assigned. About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industry Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. _Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance)._ Req ID: 188261 Hourly