Who We Are Daryl Flood companies specialize in providing customer-first, full service relocation, home delivery, warehousing, and moving services in the US and abroad. We have 15 locations across the US, and our corporate headquarters operate out of Coppell, Texas. We are a Client-focused, market-driven organization that is continually on the lookout for talented individuals who want to work in an environment that fosters teamwork and rewards performance. We offer our employees a full benefits package, holidays, and paid time off, as well as a tuition reimbursement plan where employees are encouraged to continue their education and development opportunities. We emphasizes a winning culture and rewards success through our Gainsharing program, where profits are shared amongst our team members. Warehouse Worker: The Warehouse Worker position will perform general warehouse duties while supporting the management of the operation. The position will also have additional responsibilities with inventory control functions. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Label product when received into warehouse. Monitor all product received for damage on cartons. Pull routes for next day’s routes in reverse order. Prepare parts boxes. Check-in Independent Contractor’s previous day’s routes and delivery tickets, along with Inventory Log. Support Warehouse Operations by assisting the Warehouse Manager/Supervisor as needed with the following: Perform daily inbound piece count. Report any damaged appliances or overages/shortages. Complete damage report daily, including pictures of damaged product. Scan in returns, will call, and cancelled tickets at the end of each day. Print out Ins Receipts daily. Perform condition change on Ins Receipts as needed. Update local stock information. Build/stage AS-IS Loads. Perform Monthly Cycle Counts. Create weekly backhauls for appliance manufacturers. Stage Scrap Appliances awaiting RM approval. Manage parts cage. Other duties and tasks as assigned. Education and Experience High school diploma, GED, or equivalent required. Must have a valid driver’s license. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Operates with a customer service mentality. Ability to manage time effectively and consistently meet order fulfillment requirements. Ability to work in a team environment and demonstrate flexibility and patience. Excellent organization, communication and problem-solving skills. Ability to work under minimal supervision and with a strong sense of self-motivation. Ability to sufficiently read, speak, and write English in order to understand and give directions, and to complete paperwork accurately. Ability to operate a variety of warehouse equipment as dictated by the duties of the job and perform data entry and typing functions.