Job Brief Provide administrative support to a manager or group of managers to facilitate the efficient use of time and resources. Conduct evaluations, design systems and procedures, conduct work simplifications and measurement studies. Job Code: SA141 Route Information: Not Applicable Sales Division: Not Applicable Sales Channel: Not Applicable Specific Scope: Not Applicable Shift: Day Pay Type: Salary City: Warren Relocation Benefits: No Relocation Assistance Provided Essential Duties and Responsibilities (Other duties may be assigned.) Responsible for compiling, maintaining, analyzing and presenting market, customer, & internal company sales data to evaluate performance and sales strategies in the market. Maintains databases and prepares weekly/monthly reports. Utilizes in-houses tools (DI Diver) and external tools (IRI, AC Nielsen, Spectra) to develop detailed market analysis and targets. Provides analysis of market execution and program ROI. Forecast and track marketing and sales trends, analyzing collected data. Prepare reports of findings, illustrating data graphically and translating complex findings into written text. Devise and evaluate methods and procedures for collecting data or arrange to obtain existing data. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor’s degree from four-year college or university preferred; one to two years related experience, preferably previous marketing and analyzing data with an alcoholic beverage wholesaler or supplier and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Skills: Ability to read and interpret documents (such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals) and to write routine reports and correspondence, and to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of the organization. Spanish bilingual abilities preferred. Mathematical Skills : Ability to work with mathematical concepts (such as probability and statistical inference, fundamentals of plane and solid geometry, and trigonometry) and apply concepts (such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations). Reasoning Ability : Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished (in written, oral, or diagram form) and to deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Computer Skills : To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Internet, Microsoft Office Suite software (such as Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point, and etc.), and order processing systems (such as Logility, Microstrategy, and etc.) or the aptitude to learn. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations : Not Applicable Other Requirements: Understanding the specific scope of related department. Ability to read, analyze and interpret reports and documents, define problems, and collect data. Ability to respond in timely manner to common inquiries or complaints from customers. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Effectively present analysis and recommendations to management. Possess the ability to focus on multiple objectives and tasks while meeting deadlines and achieving departmental goals. Proficient computer skills and experience to include Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, MicroStrategy and Alpha. Strong knowledge of RNDC product portfolio. Experience in working with RNDC sales management, suppliers and customers. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; talk or hear and taste or smell. The employee must regularly lift and /or move up to 30 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions and occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.