About us… Founded in 1997, Endurance has grown into an international family of brands that provides our small business owners with the tools they need to establish and build their web presence, get found in online search, connect with customers through social and email marketing, and more. At the heart of our technology is a commitment to (em)Powering small businesses with solutions to fuel their online presence and reach customers everywhere. It’s what drives our employees every day and it’s what ultimately changes the lives of our customers. What you will be doing… As a Customer Service Representative (Web Advisor) you’ll have the opportunity to help small businesses easily create and manage their web presence. You will step into the shoes of a small business owner, listen to their challenges and provide the types of solutions and services that will make it easier for them to run their daily business —not spend time trying to figure out the complexities of their web presence. As a consultant to our small business customers, you will provide world-class customer care to business owners and people looking to establish, enhance and evolve their online presence. What will be asked of you… Consult, recommend and enable the right online product and service strategies to help customers with their business needs. Caring for our customers includes resolving billing discrepancies, account complaints and helping customers troubleshoot and resolve their concerns and answer their questions. Meet or exceed expectations through a metrics driven performance standard. What we are looking for… 1-2yrs working within a customer service focused environment, required. Experience selling and servicing internet web applications or services to small businesses and consumers, a plus. Knowledge of internet, social media and/or small business is highly preferred. Strong desire to learn Internet and website technologies and communicate with business customers. Ability to interact and communicate effectively cross-functionally and with various levels of the organization. Ability to diagnose and solve problems with varying complexity, using multiple tools and systems. Strong ability to build rapport and a proven sales technique. Ability to deliver world-class customer service while troubleshooting a technical support call. When you join our team, we will provide you with... $16/hr Base Pay (3) Week PTO and (1) week of Sick Time Medical, dental and vision plans - eligible within first 30-days Excellent 401(k) matching program A fun, high-energy and challenging work environment Team-building activities & recognition On-site gym & daycare Endurance International Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.