Product Manager - Oil & Gas Nexeo Solutions is the largest global chemical and plastics distributor with a centralized business model. With operations worldwide, Nexeo offers over 26,000 products used in a broad cross-section of industries, including chemicals manufacturing, oil and gas, paints and coatings, automotive, healthcare and personal care. Nexeo distributes these products in North America, EMEA, and Asia. The company provides broad logistics capabilities, in-depth market knowledge, dedicated technical expertise and Environmental Services. As a private company employing more than 2,500 employees, Nexeo connects a network of over 1,200 suppliers with a diverse base of more than 28,000 customers. Learn more at www.nexeosolutions.com. Position Summary: In this role as a Product Manager you will be responsible for promoting profitable sales growth within your region and nationally through the development of strategic sourcing plans. The Product Manager will be an expert in the market growth drivers impacting the industry and will help manage Nexeo’s liability from commercial perspective. In this position you will leverage working relationships with Vendors, Sales, Marketing, Legal Department and Supply Chain with exposure to the Nexeo senior leadership team. Major responsibilities include: Responsible for developing and executing product line strategies including regional recycle/reuse strategy with focus on key markets and technologies to drive growth Developing and maintaining strategic alignment with key vendors that maximize overall profitability for business within assigned region and nationally as required. Developing and maintaining alignment with regional sales team(s) in order to enhance profitability of region. Understand sales trends and communicate new sales opportunities among PLM team to nationally capitalize on regional trends. Develop collaborative relationship with Waste Management group to support business changes Responsible for developing metrics and conducting ongoing monitoring and measurement of supplier performance against metrics Perform regular analysis and maintenance of pricing to ensure margin optimization. Responsible for managing cost negotiations with vendors. Will manage any cost increases or decreases. Responsible for driving change to optimize vendor relationships. Includes, but is not limited to, developing and distributing communications, developing and conducting training, developing processes and procedures and checking for ongoing compliance with changes. Manages Treatment Storage Disposal Facility (TSDF) audit program within assigned region including but not limited to receiving new requests, determining viability and if approved, assign to environmental group to conduct audit. Once audit is complete and clear, incorporate vendor into supply plan. Manages transportation vendor relationships and cost within assigned region and nationally as required Manages plant network relationships within assigned region and manages the regional supply plan and nationally as required Other projects and assignments as necessary Position Qualifications Petroleum or Chemical Engineer Degree 5 - 10 years of Oil and Gas Industry experience in product line management, sourcing, sales, marketing and/or technical service is desired Expert knowledge of oil well completion and completion chemical products Business/Strategic mind set and experience with commercial transaction negotiations, including price, service levels and other terms The role requires proficiency with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint, SAP Business Warehouse, and Salesforce.com. Must be authorized to work in the United States Competencies: Leadership orientation and strong interpersonal skills Ability to establish strong working relationships and persuade/influence others Strategic Thinking - ability to understand implications of decisions made Demonstrated negotiation skills and Business acumen Strong organizational and time management skills Data and analytic driven decision making Nexeo Solutions participates in the E-Verify program to ensure employment eligibility of newly hired employees where required. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability