At Zynga we make games that wow people. We innovate to create experiences that previously were impossible and that would not exist without us. We take pride in making titles that reach a large audience and in creating communities that last. You are ambitious, intelligent, and intellectually curious. You are a self- disciplined problem-solver, who is respectful and straightforward with all your colleagues. You are trusting and trusted, flexible and thrive on working with people who share these values As a Sr. Systems Administrator you’ll already have confidence in your core skills and have the ability to mentor fellow system administrators. A strong sense of personal belief is important, supported by previous experiences, references, and lessons learned on the way. Based in our San Francisco HQ office, you will be an integral part of the IT Operations team supporting our corporate infrastructure and North America offices, as well as, serve as an escalation for other global Zynga locations. Responsibilities: Install, configure, and maintain enterprise-class Linux and Windows/Active Directory services implementation. Help maintain Microsoft Exchange / Office 365 messaging system. Monitor system utilization, capacity, and quality. Detect, diagnose, and resolve complex problems using best practices. Participate in infrastructure capacity planning and expansion activities. Support and manage heterogeneous systems/applications. Provide peer review to other systems administrators to validate proposed configurations and changes. Participate in complex team projects. Maintain security controls and compliance on all hardware and systems. Occasionally available for late evenings and 24x7 response to critical issues on corporate infrastructure. What you will bring: Hands on commercial experience working with CentOS Linux Servers, Microsoft Server 2008 R2+, Active Directory, core infrastructure services including but not limited to; AD, DHCP, DNS, RADIUS, File & Print Services. MS SQL, PowerShell/Bash/Python/Perl/GAM scripting, and Certificate Services. Strong Exchange and Office 365 skills are a plus. Experience supporting OSX clients is a plus. Strong understanding of networking concepts; DNS, DHCP, sub-netting, load balancing, 802.1q, 802.1x, VLANs, etc. Strong understanding of enterprise class storage systems. NetApp is a plus. Hands on experience with enterprise class HA and DR implementations. Hands on experience working with virtual infrastructure solution, primarily VMware 5.0+ core technologies: VCenter, VMotion, VM templates, distributed virtual switching, DRS, PowerCLI scripting and automation and bare-metal virtual host build. Experience with hybrid cloud infrastructure is a plus: AWS, vCloud Air, Azure. Familiar with enterprise class server hardware (HP, Dell, Nutanix), including building bare-metal servers, RAID configurations, out-of-band management, and break/fix. Strong technical documentation skills.