ABOUT US Bright Health is delivering a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. Our affordable health insurance plans and exclusive partnerships with leading health systems are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health. Today, Bright Health provides health insurance to individuals in Colorado, Arizona, and Alabama in both the Individual and Medicare Advantage space. Come join our mission: Making Healthcare Right. Together! YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Bright Health’s Enterprise Data Warehouse Team is working to build a comprehensive, sustainable, scalable Enterprise Data Warehouse that can accelerate a data-driven approach. This role provides the architectural leadership in shaping strategic technology programs. Core objectives include: 1\. Develops proof-of-concept prototypes and implementation to production. 2\. Hands-on in day to day development and architecture work. 3\. Translate business needs into technical and system design specifications. 4\. Produce technology roadmaps in support of BRIGHT’s vision and strategy. 5\. Support legacy solution on SQL Server DB & SSIS for ETL development. REQUIREMENTS Strong understanding of the entire AWS Product and Service Suite (EC2, S3, VPC, Cloud Formation, RDS, Lambda, Redshift, EMR, SQS, SNS, Kinesis) of products and their application use cases, best practices and implementation and support considerations. Working experience with Serverless Technologies such as; AWS, Cloud and other widely used Cloud Platform. Experience with infrastructure monitoring tool: Splunk, AWS, Cloud Watch. Application development experience with Java & Python, good to have other scripting experience like Node, Scala. Strong knowledge of Database and Database development tools: SQL Server, AWS RDS, AWS Aurora, AWS DynamoDB and AWS RedShift. Track record of designing and implementing enterprise applications Serverless Compute, Security transactional processing and High Resiliency. Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, performing ETL and streaming pipelines. Ingest data sources into Client’s data lake (S3), and cloud-based data warehouse (Snowflake). Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies, including S3, Glue and EC2 Experience working with AWS CLI a plus. ATTRIBUTES Self-starter with an in-depth hands-on work experience with large-scale implementations of AWS. Is comfortable working with enterprise grade implementations Ability to work directly with business analysts or business sponsors clarifying business details. Seeks to understand how they can drive the business forward and how the bigger picture works We've won some fun awards like: Great Places to Work, Modern Healthcare, Forbes, etc. But more than anything, we're a group of people who are really dedicated to our mission in healthcare. Come join our growing team!