Aspen Dental Management, Inc. (ADMI) is the nation’s premier dental services organization. We provide expert business and administrative support to the fastest growing, branded network of dental practices in the country. We recognize that our success is a direct result of empowering and supporting ambitious dental professionals; together we build and develop successful, patient focused dental practices. Our continued growth has created an opportunity for ADMI to hire a Data Integra tion Manager. The successful candidate will possess a strong background in healthcare industry, IT and Business Intelligence tools, technologies and processes, along with very strong financial/business acumen. In this role, the candidate will report to Director of IT (BI & Integrations) and understand the strategy and vision of Business Intelligence & Integrations. Responsibilities Data Integration Technical Leadership – Work with PMs, BAs and manage a team of technical ETL developers to build data models and integration services. Analyze source systems and develop processes to extract, transform and load (ETL) this data into the target platforms. Create data integration using Microsoft SSIS. Work with the team and vendor to create and evolve scalable data integrations. Understand, create and implement process design and target data models Develop, test and debug and document ETL and data integration process. Ensure data integrity of sensitive data. Address performance, high availability, high scalability and data quality issues. Develop relevant functional and technical documentation. Ensure solutions comply with current standards as defined by the integration team. Deliver technical guidance to team, including hands-on development as necessary. Manage and grow resources to create a high-performance team environment. Thought leader for driving innovation and leveraging technology for creative integration solutions. Preserve an ongoing, continuous education process, leveraging emerging integration tool’s capabilities. Data Integration Operational Support Leadership – Provide delivery support through direct interaction with end-users to insure we are delivering on SLA’s and KPI’s. Create and maintain an excellent working relationship with business areas and ensure integration solutions are well received and presented professionally and positively. Monitor system performance, implement performance tuning, and diagnose / resolve technical issues across our data warehouse environment Ensure ETL solutions are highly automated with balancing controls, error notifications and scripted restart procedures Oversee standards, change controls, and documentation library for training and reuse. Minimum Education and Experience TECHNICAL SKILLS REQUIRED: 5+ years’ experience with developing technical BI data solutions, using BI tools including (SSAS, SSRS, SSIS, Qlikview, LogiAnalytics and Tableau). Experience implementing enterprise level Data Warehouses. Strong Understanding of Agile Data Warehouse Development. Strong experience with Source Control (TFS, RedGate, etc.) Ability to handle multiple projects and manage time efficiently. Desired Skills and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology / Computer Science preferred. Master degree/MBA a plus. Requires excellent problem solving, communication, and customer service skills as well as the ability to juggle multiple priorities in a fast paced environment. Previous direct people management experience (3+ team members) Excellent oral and written communication skills Experience working with vendors and integrating external applications Result driven mindset and ability to communicate and develop solid working relationships with people at all management levels Able to recognize and identify patterns in data relationships from disparate systems Strong database fundamentals and data modeling knowledge Good understanding of understanding of ODS, data warehouse, data mart, and data cube, and database technologies Previous experience in gathering requirements for ETL solutions and data analysis Strong analytical and problem solving skills About Aspen Dental Management, Inc. Aspen Dental-branded practices are supported by ADMI, a dental support organization that provides non-clinical business support to licensed, independent dentists.