Meridian Technology Group is seeking a BI Analyst. Apply Now Meridian Technology Group has a great opportunity for a seasoned Business Intelligence Analyst to join our healthcare client who is home to the world's largest repository of fitness data as it relates to health- and is recognized the world over as an authority in wellness, research and education. This is a full time direct hire opportunity. Client is unable to sponsor a visa, nor able to accept OPT visas. The Business Intelligence Analyst provides professional support to one or more health/medical research studies or organizational projects, to include data collection, assistance in establishment of data collection instruments and protocol, data manipulation and management, computer systems/applications programming and analysis, and reporting. Responsibilities : _In a nut shell:_ The ability to work with SQL Server, gather and document business requirements and convert those to a functioning technical product as well as experience in a BI tool, preferably SAS . Mine relevant data sources as required to support research efforts. Take non-technical requirements and produce data cohorts. Work with the Database Administrator(s) to ensure data design and storage is optimal for the environment. The ability to understand and work with the data elements and subsequently correlate those elements into a meaningful form for research purposes. Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree Information Technology, Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field Overall 15 years of experience within the IT and healthcare industries. Looking for a seasoned individual. Health Care background to facilitate a good understanding of the data to be worked with on a daily basis Computer Skills, Licenses and/or Certifications: Knowledge of MS Office Suite, including Microsoft Access and Microsoft Visio Knowledge of Microsoft SQL. Must be able to perform SQL queries to extract data, etc. from various sources Knowledge of programming paradigms and logic Knowledge of SAS and/or other BI reporting software packages Knowledge of reporting applications such as SQL Server Reporting Services and/or Crystal Reports a plus Knowledge of Teleform data capture software a plus Skills, Abilities and Knowledge: Strong communication skills, both oral and written Ability to clearly explain technical concepts to both technical and non-technical people Works effectively in a team and office environment Ability to establish effective working relationships with others Ability to clearly communicate the results of work to others Must be able to organize and coordinate work efficiently to meet deadlines Must show character and responsibility in dealing with sensitive, confidential information Meridian Technology Group is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO) and non-discrimination for all employees in all job classifications and for prospective employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability, national origin, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal or state law. All hiring is contingent on eligibility to work in the United States. We are unable to sponsor applicants for work visas therefore, all applicants should be eligible to work without sponsorship, as sponsorship is not available at this time. Additionally, F-1 Visa holders are not eligible for consideration. No 3rd party companies/candidates. If you are interested in learning more about this opportunity, email your resume now or contact us for more details: Meridian Technology Group Recruiting Team (214)273-4497 or (817)601-4651 in Texas (800)698-0853 outside Texas www.meridiangroup.com jobs.meridiangroup.com Ready? click to apply online