Responsibilities he Port Authority of New York and New Jersey owns and manages infrastructure supporting five lines of transportation business and over 20 facilities throughout the bi-state area that include the Airports, PATH System, Tunnels, Bridges, Terminals, Maritime Ports, and the World Trade Center. The average annual expenditures for these line businesses exceed $1.3 billion per year in capital investments and $450 million in maintenance expenses (excluding utilities). The Agency's vision for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) is to proactively manage assets throughout their lifecycle to ensure their availability for prescribed use, consistent with prevailing best practices, as promoted by the International Standards Organization under ISO 55000. Under the direction of the Assistant Director, Operations Programs, and the Senior Program Manager EAM Development, the Program Manager for System Monitoring, Data Uploads and Quality Control will have a key role in the EAM System. Paramount responsibilities include assuring data consistency and integrity, and playing a primary role in the development of an agency-wide asset and management standard which will, along with facilitating efficient maintenance management, provide key data input into development of the Port Authority Capital Plan. The Program Manager will develop the Asset Management reporting at the end user, department, and corporate level in cooperation with the Program Manager Governance Documentation and Reporting. The position will work with Maximo, Asset Works, Cognos and other systems, as needed, to provide the necessary reports. This position requires knowledge, experience, and leadership ability to provide the coordination and the integration of complex information systems and maintenance management policies, procedures, and methods. The selected individual will work with diverse groups of line and staff department personnel, contractors, and tenants to analyze and deliver the Asset Management System, utilizing industry best practices. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Create and monitor the canned and custom reports by the system which are consistent among end users and usable by executive staff in collaboration with Program Manager Governance Documentation and Reporting. Examples are quarterly reports on system conditions and migration of data into the system among others. Be the point of contact to interface with legacy systems such as SAP, PeopleSoft, TM1, Cognos, lndustrySafe and others, as well as mobile solutions hardware and software. Leverage information from these systems in the preparation of the reports and relevant information valuable to departments responsible for tracking State of Good Repair evaluations and other analytics which will allow for the best and most efficient use of the Enterprise Asset Management System. Working with EAM Maximo Administration vendor, review and approve quality and quantity of all data proposed to be entered in the EAM System. Meet with end user central staff, facility staff, integrator, etc to review and approve documentation, including data for projects related to asset replacement, maintenance, rehabilitation and decommissioning. Coordinate with Program Manager Governance and Reporting on final approved documentation for posting on SharePoint. Qualifications Candidates must present the following qualifications to be considered eligible for this position: Bachelor's Degree in Business Management, Project Management, Engineering, Architecture, or other related area. Substantial relevant professional experience in the field of Asset Management may be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's Degree. At least five (5) years of progressively responsible experience in system implementation for maintenance management, facility operations, systems engineering, or project management. Desired Ideal candidates will present the following profile: Demonstrated experience in the maintenance management, infrastructure management, or asset management issues including, but not limited to, key performance measures for maintenance management, condition based asset management strategies, executive dashboard creation, and asset lifecycle considerations. Knowledge of organizational policies and procedures related to operations, maintenance, project management, contract management, major works, and capital project. Demonstrated experience with Maximo and any or all of the following: Assetworks, Arc GIS, Arc GIS Server, Oracle, COG NOS, SAP, BIM, CAD, RFID, SNMP, GPS enabled hand held/tablet. Demonstrated experience with enterprise information system development and implementation, including development of Concept of Operations, System Requirements, Training Plans, and Change Management. Demonstrated experience in establishing project plans, setting priorities, coordinating activities, and delegating tasks and responsibilities that are multi-faceted and complex Superior oral, written and presentation skills. Proficiency with MS Excel, MS Project and/or Primavera, MS PowerPoint, and MS Word. Compensation & Benefits The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey offers a competitive salary, an outstanding benefits package and a professional environment that supports development and recognizes achievement. How To Apply Interested candidates should apply to this job by clicking on the Apply Now button and submitting a combined cover letter and resume. Only applicants under consideration will be contacted. About The Port Authority Founded in 1921, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey builds, operates, and maintains many of the most important transportation and trade infrastructure assets in the country. The agency's network of aviation, ground, rail, and seaport facilities is among the busiest in the country, supports more than 550,000 regional jobs, and generates more than $23 billion in annual wages and $80 billion in annual economic activity. The Port Authority also owns and manages the 16-acre World Trade Center site, where the 1,776-foot-tall One World Trade Center is now the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey/Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH) is an Equal Opportunity Employer.