Ally is currently recruiting for an Internal Training Specialist in Detroit, MI. This role will be responsible for training as well as new employee onboarding and the continuous education of our staff. Position Description The Internal Training Specialist delivers training material and learning tools to internal and external audiences through a variety of media to meet different learning objectives and styles. He/she participates in ongoing course and content development and will provide support for audio/video conferencing tools and services. Work involves a high level of independent judgment. Job Responsibilities Design, develop and revise instructional strategies and learning materials using effective principles of adult learning theory and evaluation data; validate all components Instruct training programs; consult with internal and external customers to determine training and performance improvement needs Establish project plans, including measurable goals, timelines and marketing strategies, to help meet strategic product or process initiatives Develop and maintain relationships and working agreements with customers and suppliers Maintain expertise with existing technologies and standards Evaluate new training products and tools and provide recommendation for use Qualifications HS diploma or equivalent required. Bachelor's degree in related field strongly preferred 3 + years in customer service or financial services industry is needed At least 2 years corporate training experience preferred Ability to provide advice/direction in primary areas of expertise Leveraging technical expertise and relationships to contribute to strategy and drive business results Contribute to and manage projects Automotive experience including sales strategy content development highly preferred. Ally Overview Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering financial products for consumers, businesses, automotive dealers and corporate clients. Ally's legacy dates back to 1919, and the company was redesigned in 2009 with a distinctive brand, innovative approach and relentless focus on its customers. Ally has an award-winning online bank (member FDIC), one of the largest full service auto finance operations in the country, a complementary auto-focused insurance business, a growing digital wealth management and online brokerage platform, and a trusted corporate finance business offering capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies. Business Unit/Enterprise Function Description Ally Insurance is a leading provider of automobile-related insurance, vehicle maintenance and reinsurance products, and services for automobile dealers and their customers. The business focuses on developing and maintaining robust and lasting relationships developed directly with our dealers. By partnering with them, we are best able to offer them comprehensive solutions for their business, and valuable products and services to consumers. The business offers vehicle service and maintenance contracts, including our flagship, industry leading product, Ally Premier Protection which is available for new and used vehicles of virtually all makes and models, as well as other ancillary F-I products, such as our GAP and Tire - Wheel products. Ally Insurance also services the insurance needs of our dealers' businesses by offering dealer inventory insurance, and liability and property protection, as well as provides training and consultative services to help their businesses succeed. Total Rewards Information Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and bonus pay potential based on achieving personal and company goals. Plus, we have a flexible paid time-off program with an emphasis on work-life balance. Ally offers a variety of benefits to protect your health and well-being, provide financial security and balance your work-life needs including: Industry-leading 401K Retirement Savings Plan including Matching and Company Contributions Comprehensive wellness program with financial incentives designed to help you achieve your best health Flexible health insurance options including dental and vision Pre-tax Health Savings Account with generous employer contributions Pre-tax dependent care and commuter benefits Other work-life integration benefits including Paid Parental & Caregiver Leave, Adoption Assistance, Back-up Child & Adult/Elder Care, Child Care Discounts, Tuition Reimbursement, LifeMatters Employee Assistance Program, Weight Watchers and other employee discount programs Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.