Location: Minnetonka, MN, USA Job ID (Req ): 2573 of Openings: 1 Description Founded in 1994, Digital River is recognized as a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions. Companies of all sizes rely on Digital River’s multi-tenant, SaaS commerce, payments and marketing services to manage and grow their online businesses. Digital River has helped companies process more than $30 billion in online transactions, connecting B2B and B2C digital products and cloud service companies as well as branded manufacturers with buyers across multiple devices and channels, and nearly every country in the world. We are fortunate at Digital River to work with some of the e-commerce industry’s brightest talent. We have professionals on the ground in nearly every region of the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our employees are experts in e-commerce, e-marketing, creative site design and merchandising, global tax and compliance laws, fraud prevention, international payments and more. To attract and retain the best-of-the-best, we invest a great deal of time and effort in creating a community that people want to be part of and high performance culture where they can grow. Momentum is what we have and growth is our plan. We are looking for people who are energized by making an impact, having autonomy in their work and who want the ability to look back at what they have accomplished and say “wow.” If you are someone who loves being part of a team that is more like a family and likes to work for companies at the top of their game, join Digital River. We are seeking a Director, Informational Technology in our Minnetonka, MN office. The Director Information Technology is responsible for aligning technology vision with functional requirements by supporting the company and its subsidiaries’ programs and processes with the appropriate technologies. The role also provides leadership and is responsible for specific aspects of developing and implementing technology strategies and initiatives within the designated area of the IT organization. The Director Information Technology maintains existing enterprise systems, while providing direction in related technology-related issues in support of operations. What You’ll Do: People Management o Planning: Define goals and determine the optimal course of action towards achieving the department/company goals. o Organizing: Develop the proper organization structure and chain of command which leads to organizational effectiveness and a high performing team. o Talent Acquisition: Attract/retain, Select/hire, and promote high caliber talent to achieve the objectives of the organization. o Coordinating: Communicate, supervise and direct relevant staff ensuring that leadership guidelines are in place to manage a function. o Talent Management: Establish performance standards/objectives and conduct ongoing performance review discussions to ensure each employee’s performance meets set objectives to support salary action recommendations. Provide ongoing coaching and continuous training/development. o Succession Planning: Develops successors and talent pools for key positions. Technical Leadership o Develop and communicate technology alignment plans to the IT management team, operations and program staff, o Assess and communicate risks associated with technology-related investments and purchases. o Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for technology spending and initiatives while monitoring a functional IT budget and controlling expenses effectively. o Define and communicate IT procedures, policies, and standards for the respective functions for acquiring, implementing, equipment, software, and other technologies. o Manage, prioritize, and approve projects and the project portfolio as they relate to the selection, acquisition, development, and installation of relevant components of the information systems. o Ensure continuous delivery of technical services through oversight of service level agreements with end users and monitoring of systems, programs, and equipment performance. o Ensure equipment and software operation adheres to applicable laws and regulations. IT Development o Direct development and execution of an enterprise-wide disaster recovery and business continuity plan. o Manage troubleshooting for all technology issues, coordinate with third party vendors as needed. o Develops the regional networking strategy including WAN's, intranets and standards for local LAN's. o Develops and implements operating procedures and directs the study, design and implementation of new systems/equipment Strategy o Collaborate with the operations and program departments to develop and maintain a technology plan that supports the organization’s current strategic plan. Technology o Remain up-to-date and knowledgeable in regards to industry trends and emerging technologies in anticipation of new business processes and system alterations. What You’ll Need to Succeed: Bachelor’s degree or comparable experience and certifications - in a computer science or related field with 12+ year’s experience managing and/or directing technological operations including customer support including 7+ year’s experience working in a technology leadership position with a successful track record in project management and resource management. Experience in policy development. Excellent knowledge of technology environments, including systems and infrastructure relating to telecommunications, networks, programming, media, and desktops. In-depth understanding of technology systems characteristics, features, and integration capabilities. Demonstrated knowledge of data processing, work flow, hardware platforms, enterprise software applications, and outsourced systems. Hands on experience with systems networking, databases, Web development, and user support. Familiarity and user experience with Microsoft Office productivity suite applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, as well as Visio, and Microsoft Project. Demonstrated ability to apply technology solutions to business problems. Preferred: Knowledge of applicable laws and regulations as they relate to technology issues. Proven experience in planning, organization, and development. WHY DIGITAL RIVER: Digital River provides numerous benefits to our employees. On-site benefits include: Free Parking Cafeteria and Starbucks Coffee Workout facility and group fitness classes Monthly bring-your-dog-to-work days Recreation area with foosball, pinball, and table tennis Pond hockey games in the beautiful Digital River backyard Friday social hour Casual work environment with friendly faces Other benefits include: Digital River In Action, an employee volunteer organization aiding those in need in the Twin Cities area The Green Team, a resource acting in support of an environmentally conscious workforce Competitive benefits package to full time employees: 401(k) plan Medical-dental-vision and life insurance Paid short and long-term disability Holiday and vacation days Digital River supports and embraces a diverse workforce as an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. RESPECT | INTEGRITY | CUSTOMER CENTRICITY | INNOVATION | GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE | ACCOUNTABILITY Are you a returning applicant? Previous Applicants: Email: Password: If you do not remember your password click here. Back to Search Results New Search