Who We Are The CTO team in the Collaboration Technology Group (CTG) is the innovation engine for this multi-billion dollar business. Come be part of a ground floor opportunity to build Machine Learning (ML) capabilities across our product portfolio. You'll be part of a small but growing team that works cross- functionally to ideate, prototype, build and train ML models that ultimately make their way into deployed products. Covering areas like face recognition, natural language processing, speaker identification, anomaly detection, and content recommendation, your work will be foundational to our next generation of products and features. The Collaboration Technology Group at Cisco is investing heavily in this area, and has already announced our own Webex Assistant - a Conversational Voice AI built into our video conferencing systems. In this role, you'll get to work on that as well, at the very earliest stages of the product. Who You Are BS/BA, MS, or PhD in CS/CE/EE or related field, or equivalent practical experience Mathematics fundamentals: linear algebra, calculus, probability, basic statistics Experienced in traditional ML techniques: logistic regression, KNN, SVM, various trees Experienced in Deep Learning techniques: MLP, CNN, RNN/LSTM/GRU, GAN Experienced in Python scientific tools, such as Scikit, NLTK, Numpy, Pandas, TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe2, CNTK, CoreML, PyTorch 5-8 years of experience working with applied machine learning problems, such as computer vision, NLP, voice user interface, audio classification, anomaly detection, recommendation Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills Preferred Qualifications Open-source project experience Ability to implement feedforward neural networks in C/C++ Publication in conferences/journals such as NIPS, ICML, AAAI, KDD, JMLR, ICLR a strong plus Achievements in ML competitions such as Kaggle a strong plus Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco