Are you a SaaS administrative & consultative guru who thrives on transforming sales process business requirements into scalable, elegant solutions? Do you possess fantastic troubleshooting and analytical skills, are you driven to help internal customers, and have the ability to dive deep into a new and ever changing products and platforms to learn them inside and out? Can you deftly lead conflicting stakeholders to consensus and coordinate choreographed alignments of declarative components, custom development, and third-party functionality? What you get to do every day: Focus on Salesforce.com Sales Cloud, particularly in the areas of opportunity management, account/contact management, lead management, territory management and 3rd party tools. Partner with business stakeholders and provide strong analytical, problem-solving, technical, and project management skills to effectively collect requirements, identify potential solutions, and design and implement these solutions. Develop project scope, timeline estimates and detailed work plans. Add your skills to a dynamic globally based team comprised of technical developers, IT application owners to business partners from across the company to refine/enhance their processes on SaaS applications and platforms Maintain and enhance visual layout, workflow rules and business logic to streamline and enhance business processes and improve user experience Migration of custom Salesforce configuration and code from sandbox environment(s) to our production environment Coordinate with business stakeholders and execute user acceptance testing Ensure Quality Assurance testing happens on all developed solutions before deployment Co-Design & maintain Users, User Roles, Security, and Profiles Implement and integrate third-party products / applications on the Salesforce platform as well as other SaaS applications Stay current with Salesforce releases and best practices and leverage the features that are relevant to our organization In addition to Salesforce.com & Zuora, you will have opportunities to work within Zendesk infrastructure & products and the extended IT platform stack What you bring to the role: BA or equivalent work experience and a MINIMUM of 3-5 years Salesforce.com analyst or Salesforce.com administrator experience Salesforce Administrator Certification (201) required, Salesforce Advanced Administrator (211) or Sales Cloud Consultant certifications preferred Polished presenter and self-starter with a strong intuition for how to time and cater messaging to diverse business and technical audiences Strong analytical, problem solving, communication and coordination skills Detail oriented with strong prioritization skills Proficiency with DataLoader; SOQLXplorer; and Excel for data manipulation and complex custom reports; DemandTools is a plus Data-driven mindset to build insightful analytics and support recommendations with transparent justifications Can organize your work clearly and concisely, communicating your findings to the broader team as required Excellent communication skills both written and verbal and a strong sense of diplomacy in all your interactions In-depth understanding of the capabilities and constraints of the Salesforce application A thirst for maintaining "guru" consultative status on all things Sales Cloud The best customer experiences are built with Zendesk. Zendesk’s powerful and flexible customer service and engagement platform scales to meet the needs of any business, from startups and small businesses to growth companies and enterprises. Zendesk serves businesses across a multitude of industries, with more than 125,000 paid customer accounts offering service and support in more than 30 languages. Headquartered in San Francisco, Zendesk operates worldwide with 15 offices in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and South America. Learn more at www.zendesk.com. Interested in knowing what we do in the community? Check out the Zendesk Neighbor Foundation to learn more about how we engage with, and provide support to, our local communities. Individuals seeking employment at Zendesk are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. By submitting your application, you agree that Zendesk may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Zendesk's Candidate Privacy Notice explains what personal information Zendesk may process, where Zendesk may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Zendesk’s use of your personal information.