Job Description Do you have a passion for machine learning, deep learning, real-time analytics, Big Data - and working with Enterprise customers in designing, developing and deploying these solutions on the world's fastest GPU accelerated OLAP database? Do you consider yourself in the top 10% of your peers? We're looking for a mid to senior level Data Science professional ( with pharmaceutical experience ) to join our growing Professional Services team. We are more than doubling annual revenue year-over-year, and our enterprise customer list is growing proportionally. We are seeking proven technical professionals who want to lead the charge on the front lines of an exciting and disruptive technology. Responsibilities: Lead engagements with pharma customers in data science, machine learning (ML), and real-time analytics in the Big Data arena Translate business requirements and problems into solutions Designing, building, and deploying advanced data science-based algorithms Working with sales engineers, consultants, and client personnel to implement solutions that encompass the Data Generation, Model Training, and Model Serving pipelines Collaborating with Engineering team to productionize ML algorithms Qualifications Masters or Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Math, Stats, Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years of experience in a data scientist position. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and optimization algorithms, including deep learning Experience in deploying machine learning algorithms into production with teams of Sales Engineers, Software Engineers, and DBAs. Experience with Python (Deepchem ( preferred ), pandas, sci-kit learn, etc.) and SQL. Experience with Java and C++ a plus Experience implementing solutions using ML toolkits like TensorFlow Exposure to NoSQL platforms and their SQL APIs: Spark, Hadoop, Apache, Pig, Hive, Cassandra Great communication skills – can talk modeling to both data scientists and business decision-makers. Principal Mathematician. High-energy self-starter with a passion for data, attention to detail, and ability to work in a fast-paced environment with limited direction Experience in the Pharma or Healthcare domain ( preferred ) +/-40% travel Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.