Put your years of experience into a future of excellence Northrop Grumman ES&CSO; is seeking an experienced Network Architect to join our team in defining the future. This position will be a located in Redondo Beach, CA. Northrop Grumman is looking for a Senior Network Architect with the capability to lead and transform IT Enterprise Architectures that support large and complex efforts that are nationally important to the US Government. This is a leadership role that requires collaboration with other architects and domain experts to develop enterprise standards to support mission needs, comprehensive built-in security, and scales to multiple sized efforts. The successful candidate will work in a team environment with Government, security, senior leadership, and other network team members during the design, approval, implementation, and maintenance phases. This position provides significant technical leadership towards meeting customer and organizational requirements and goals exercising considerable latitude in determining network architecture solutions for today and the future. ESCSO Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degreeand 9+ years of technical experience or 13 years of related technical experience can be substituted for the degree Experience in developing complex network architectures in a LAN/WAN/VPN environment Experience documenting network designs Active DoD 8570 certification (minimum Security+) or ability to obtain within 6 months Active DoD Top Secret security clearance Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or related discipline Active TS/SCI security clearance Knowledge of Virtual Networking Products Knowledge of Cisco networking products Active Cisco CCNA, CCNP, or CCIE certification Active CISSP certification Excellent facilitation and presentation skills, written and oral communication Experience performing trade-off studies for network architectures and networking products Knowledge in telecom technologies, industry trends, and traditional networking hardware/software Knowledge of Government grade encryption devices (i.e., TACLANES) Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.