Front End Developer Customer & Marketing (Overall) The Customer & Marketing Offering Portfolio integrates our most differentiated, globally recognized customer and marketing businesses. It focuses on owning the commercial agenda through growth strategy, enhanced user experiences, and engagement through the entire customer lifecycle. From our core strengths in creative design, to strategy, platforms and solutions, as well as our continued growth through acquisitions, we are specifically positioned to bring fully integrated solutions to our clients. We are all consumers and personal marketers. This reality is what makes the Customer & Marketing Offering Portfolio so exciting. What we deliver in the market each and every day directly impacts who we are as customers. We are able to deliver on outcomes for the very products and services that we have the privilege of engaging with ourselves. Work You’ll Do Practitioners will integrate and learn from talented colleagues who have focused around core domains that we may not have had visibility into. Our move towards integrated solutions demands that everyone adopt a growth mindset and invest in expanding their understanding of what we bring to the marketplace. Practitioners will be able to develop skills in a Portfolio that represents the unification of the some of the most diverse, globally recognized brands and businesses in the organization—an exciting opportunity for their career development. The team Systems Engineering Our Systems Engineering team delivers large-scale software applications and integrated systems, and assists clients with architecture design, assessment and optimization, and definition. We develop service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integration solutions to enable information sharing and management between business partners and disparate processes and systems, and we deliver technology enablement to support CIO services transformation. Systems Engineering professionals focus on key client issues that impact the core business by maximizing operational value, driving down the cost of quality, and enhancing technology innovation. Our teams deliver a wide range of services, including application architecture design and optimization, application modernization, business process management and solution integration, custom application design and development, and large-scale technology delivery program efforts. Qualifications Required Skills: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience 6 or more years of experience as a front-end developer on an Agile or Digital Services project 2+ years of experience as a Scrum Master Development experience using JavaScript and JavaScript libraries including jQuery and Chart.js Development experience in Scripting Languages including Python Development experience building and consuming web-based APIs Developing software using a test-driven development (TDD) or behavior driven development (BDD) approach Developing and executing automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests with Jasmine, Karma, and PYUnit Strongly Desired: HTML CSS Javascript Javascript Library (e.g., jQuery, Node.js, Angular.js, React, etc.) Experience with web-based APIs, TDD or BDD Experience with automated testing tool (e.g., Jasmine, Karma, PYUnit, etc.) Atlassian JIRA Oauth OpenID Python PYunit Coverage.py Jasmine pa11y Karma Apache Tomcat Docker Certified Scrum Master Arachni OWASP ZedProxy Selenium AWSCodeDeploy Spring Cloud Configuration SonarQube Ansible Maven Nexus ELK Jenkins Apache Camel Apache Spark Apache Kafka PostgreSQL MongoDB Redis Kubernetes How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.