Chief Engineer Qualification: Science / Engineering graduate Responsibility: Thought Leadership / Process Improvements / Delivery Excellence: 'lead and support technology decissions & manage the tech teams. Understand the current IT/Technology trends and analyze/identify the impact of each trend on the business segments within vertical in relation to area under purview. Build Domain Technology Roadmap based on current and future industry trends. Factilitate & Create reusable assets / frameworks / supporting artifacts based on the industry landscape. Identify reusable solutions/assets which can be built within the technology unit. Coauthor points of view. publish whitepapers. represent in the Technology Conferences/Roadshows/Forums. Guide teams to create case studies/whitepapers on application/solution/enterprise architecture / technology recommendations. Identify patentable components and work with teams like Horizon 3, GTO and IP office to file IP for the same. Participate and interact with external stakeholders industry forums, clients, analysts to gain understanding of changes in technology and industry landscape. Technology Advisory & Consulting (for clients): ' Understand the customer needs. Identify avenues to elicit customer requirements (eg workshops etc) in own area of specialization. Understand the customer pain points and technical challenges leading to impact on business or customer experience. Proactively identify technology solution alternatives in line with specific client objectives / challenges / context. Conduct current state analysis versus the Industry landscape and identify the roadmap for the same. Identify the benefits for the customer to invest in specific technologies and assignments. Propose/Create the solution framework. Guide the teams to enable creation of an appropriate development strategy. Review solutions to ensure alignment with customer objectives, organization guidelines/benchmarks and industry best practices. Create PoCs/Technology labs to demonstrate capabilities to clients and stakeholders. Project Estimation: ' Review estimates for projects related to new technologies related to area under purview. Enable team to provide estimates with consistancy across technologies. Lead & Provide guidance to team around estimation methodology/model, when required. Solution Design & Development: ' For complex engagements within emerging technologies in respective domains review the initial solutions/ planning. Understand the customer specific process, analyze the gaps, map Cognizant and customer (domain specific) process and tools on technical requirements. Understand the various work streams and evaluate technology alternatives and recommend solutions for emerging areas of specialization. Provide solutions for complex engineering problems. Independently define technology architecture for complex applications combining multiple technology layers within the boundaries of the enterprise architecture. Resolve any issues based on expertise in technology area. For large / complex projects, guide the team for Proof of Concept activities. Review architecture, design and delivery on engagements based on defined standards and guidelines for technology solutions. Technology Review for Projects: Conduct periodic review of delivery from a technology standpoint on complex projects, or projects on new emerging technologies related to own area of specialization'. Set up the technology governance structure for technology areas of specialization under purview / programs/ projects including coding standards and guidelines. Capability Development: ' Identify key focus areas for capability building within application development teams as well as VDO based on competitive / technology landscape and explore alternative avenues for development of teams. Design and drive programs to build technofunctional skills based on emerging technologies for grooming, developing and certifying associates within vertical teams. Liaison with academy when required. Delegate the creation and presentation of the workshop material based on the scale. Conduct technology workshops with developers across projects (eg design compliant coding) to enable a higher technology quotient. Drive creation of knowledge assets based on practices in own area of specialization. Design & Analysis: ' review the technical design, concepts and solution provided and guide the teams on execution and deliver. guide and help the team on right technical design and architecture is implemented through out, ensiring reusability, Modularity and productivity. review the functional requirements vs the technolgoy approach and provide necessay support to the team during execution. ensure the right design principles are followed and help the team understand & deliver the work as per the design. review and ensure the documenttion is provided & followed. Coding: 'Define & identify standards applicable for the work packages / components. Familiarize the team with development environment and CTS and customer specific coding standards, guidelines and best practices to be followed through sessions and document sharing. Review the code created by team and provide review comments to the developers. develop code for core / critical module(s) needed for the project. Contribute towards development of framework. Develop/ review tier coding, business layer coding, interface development, service development, creation of stored procedures etc as applicable for the work package / project. Write efficient queries and understand logical and physical data models. follow up with Developers to ensure integration of components (input / output). troubleshoot critical technical issues. Handle escalations related to critical technical issues. create detailed tasks for the scope and share timelines for the same with the team. track the status of the tasks assigned, maintain detailed task information for the work packages owned and do periodic reporting. conduct technical review and audit. Create quality check points for all deliverables. estimate at task level in the area of work concerned, measure and report the actual effort against the estimated effort and ensure task progress reporting in C20 or any other applicable tool. Prepare and report status for the scope responsible. conduct peer reviews in coding and testing phase. 'Build and Release Management: ' Manage the Build and release management activiities define Release management process and communication. engage necessary teams and mange the communicaiton among vairous units. Ability to set up CI/CD pipelines. For Products. Facilitate crossfunctional communication between the Build Management team and Engineering team to ensure quick resolution of build issues and deployment of appropriate product packages on various environments. Guide the Build Management team and Engineering team to ensure execution of build and release plans, configuration and continuous integration activities and quick resolution of build issues and deployment of appropriate product packages on various environments. Knowledge Management: ' Contribute towards updating knowledge assets, user manual, online help document, installation scripts and installation manual and leverage the same. Support process audit activities. Define and establish structure, process and governance mechanisms for knowledge management and knowledge sharing platforms (assimilation, classification and dissemination). Foster a collaborative culture of learning and sharing with and across horizontals. People management: ' Provide guidance and mentorship to team. Identify training needs and establish training plans for the vertical teams/ project teams based on required. Build relationships with multiple units or teams across the organization to facilitate effective working of o. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 WorldWriter PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Pleasanton, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 03 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.