Requisition ID: 190413 Work Area: Software-Research Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Student Employment Type: Intern COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. The Quantitative Design Research intern will supplement human-centered research by designing quantitative research plans, and conducting research activities, leveraging available data sources, and otherwise finding smart ways to augment qualitative insights with quantitative backing. Interest and some experience with, but not necessarily deep expertise in data science is a bonus. Hold a degree in decision sciences, statistics, marketing research, design research, anthropology, sociology, or other research-heavy life sciences You have worked with several types of the following research methods: Survey design and analysis, including coding of online surveys using Qualtrics, or similar systems Web analytics and analysis Measurement design Helpful but not required are experience with semantic and/or network analysis or advanced statistical analysis (e.g. familiarity with SPSS, Stata, R, Sawtooth, Python) WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: