Coupa Software (NASDAQ: COUP), a leader in business spend management (BSM), has been certified as a “Great Place to Work” by the Great Place to Work organization. We deliver “Value as a Service” by helping our customers maximize their spend under management, achieve significant cost savings and drive profitability. Coupa provides a unified, cloud-based spend management platform that connects hundreds of organizations representing the Americas, EMEA, and APAC with millions of suppliers globally. The Coupa platform provides greater visibility into and control over how companies spend money. Customers – small, medium and large – have used the Coupa platform to bring billions of dollars in cumulative spend under management. Learn more at www.coupa.com. Read more on the Coupa Blog or follow @Coupa on Twitter. Do you want to work for Coupa Software, the world's leading provider of cloud- based spend management solutions? We’re a company that had a successful IPO in October 2016 (NASDAQ: COUP) to fuel our innovation and growth. At Coupa, we’re building a great company that is laser focused on three core values: _Ensure Customer Success_ – Obsessive and unwavering commitment to making customers successful. _Focus On Results_ – Relentless focus on delivering results through innovation and a bias for action. _Strive For Excellence_ – Commitment to a collaborative environment infused with professionalism, integrity, passion, and accountability. Overview The Professional Services Enablement position is the perfect fit for an enthusiastic, motivated and driven individual looking for a fast-paced, dynamic and challenging work environment. You will become a key contributor to a dynamic team, playing an integral role in developing and delivering high quality training to the members of Coupa’s Professional Services Organization. Coupa’s first Core Value is Ensuring Customer Success, and this team is on the frontline of that strategic vision. It will be your job to make them the best in the industry. You would be responsible for performing analysis of training needs, determining training objectives, designing training programs and delivering training across a variety of instructional modalities to our Professional Services team. In addition, you will be collaborating on the creation of all product and procedures documentation as well as training reference materials. As the Professional Services Enablement person, you will gain both a vast knowledge and a wealth of expertise of the Coupa platform and be an integral part of the team that ensures our customers achieve their success metric goals. The role will give you the opportunity to leverage your expertise in all aspects of training, enablement and writing in conjunction with development across multiple industries. Your role will include high internal executive and external client visibility, with tremendous career growth potential. Responsibilities Perform training needs analysis and determine training objectives Design relevant training programs driven by our product and client requirements Deliver a variety of instructional modalities appropriate to the target audience (trainers, end users, SME’s, power users); interactive webinars, just-in-time virtual classrooms, train-the-trainer sessions, and instructor-led classroom sessions including group presentations and/or briefings Coordinate internal resources to prepare for training delivery; preparation of the training application, data-setup, dry runs Deliver internal PS new hire training to orientate staff Create and maintain current and accurate documentation; product documentation, procedures documentation, training presentations, reference user guides and manuals, FAQs, online help Create reusable e-learning content Work closely with SME’s, to establish and maintain excellent client relations, on training and documentation deliverables Manage and maintain templates for all documentation types Ensure consistent use of guidelines and templates for standard documentation Proof read and edit materials produced by team members and subject matter experts to ensure consistency of language and style Revise documentation to incorporate updates and system enhancements in a timely manner Proactively collaborate with the product management and training team in the development of all training related deliverables Requirements/Skills Proven ability to learn new software rapidly and design and develop structured instructional training content and documentation Demonstrate effective instructional training delivery; solid client facing training experience Ability to make instructional training deliverables interactive, interesting and relevant Excellent interpersonal, presentation and communication skills (written and verbal); ability to be clear and concise when passing on information Ability to manage multiple priorities effectively while being flexible and adaptable to changing circumstances Highly organized with proven track record of adherence to delivery deadlines Exceptional eye for detail and high-quality control standards Self-motivated but with the ability to work in a team environment Passion for technology, customers, and problem solving Experience with software or technology services and related technologies Proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships internally and client facing Experience collaborating with training developers, subject matter experts, project leads and others to assure training materials are effective Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, ever changing environment 3+ years of prior, relevant training delivery, design, and documentation experience At Coupa, we have a strong and innovative team dedicated to improving the spend management processes of today’s dynamic businesses. It’s our people who make it happen, and we strive to attract and retain the best in every discipline. We take care of our employees every way we can, with competitive compensation packages, as well as restricted stock units, an Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), comprehensive health benefits for employees and their families, a 401(k) match, a flexible work environment, no limit vacations, catered lunches…And much more! As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Coupa is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion. _Please be advised, inquiries or resumes from recruiters will not be accepted._