Job Description Join us to help our customers fight the bad guys! With threats to organizations growing and breach notices in the news every day, the security market is growing exponentially. DomainTools is looking for an experienced Splunk Integration Support Engineer to help our customers and prospects leverage DomainTools data to find threats on their network that everyone else missed. As a Splunk Integration Support Engineer, you’ll work directly with large Enterprise organizations in both a pre- and post-sales capacity to implement DomainTools solutions in their security products. Your expertise in Splunk will be essential for success, since most engagements will be with companies seeking to leverage DomainTools data in Splunk. That’s why Splunk Certification is a key requirement for this job, but that’s really just the start. Our product teams are constantly rolling out new integrations that extend proven concepts from our Splunk app to new platforms, including those by IBM, RSA, and a host of emerging players in this dynamic market. Your mission will be to get up to speed on those technologies as fast as possible, and then build and execute implementation plans tailored to each platform. Job Responsibilities Work directly with large enterprise customers and prospects to assess their Splunk environments, then create and execute an implementation plans to get the DomainTools app fully functional. Act as the primary support resource for the DomainTools Splunk solution, including troubleshooting new installations, writing and optimizing searches, and planning workarounds or technical solutions for atypical deployments. Collaborate with the DomainTools product and engineering teams to define and test new features in our Splunk app that leverage current and emerging DomainTools datasets, resolve customer issues, and adapt to changes in new Splunk versions. Apply your extensive Splunk skills and experience in new contexts, including our existing QRadar app and an emerging solution for the ELK stack (ElasticSearch + LogStash + Kibana). Proactively drive pre-sales implementations to a proof-of-value phase as efficiently as possible, and then collaborate with the DomainTools sales teams to demonstrate value to the prospect. Work closely with account managers to help existing DomainTools customers upgrade to new versions of the Splunk app or install the app to evaluate new features. Be diligent in tracking implementations and documenting best practices and lessons learned. Contribute to documentation for both internal teams and an external audience. Ensure excellent service and support for prospects and customers by creating long-term business relationships, create innovative solutions to push user adoption and maximize the value of our integrations Deliver technical product presentations and demonstrations Utilize Redmine / Jira to track all pertinent information related to opportunities and accounts. This position is based at our HQ in Seattle Occasional travel may be required Key Applicant Qualifications BA/BS in computer science, computer engineering, or mathematics or equivalent work experience Splunk Certified, such as Splunk Certified Admin, or Splunk Certified Power User 3-5 years of current technical consulting experience to customers during product testing, evaluation, proof-of-concept and, production deployments. Hands-on deployment, consulting, configuration, tuning, and troubleshooting Splunk and Splunk ES. The ideal candidate will also have experience in other SIEM technologies. Strong familiarity with Splunk in a distributed environment, especially in deployments with apps in multiple search head / multiple indexer arrangements. Working knowledge or recent experience with scripting languages, application development, databases, and analytical tools. Experience communicating effectively with software engineers about a product’s technical capabilities. Preferred Qualifications Experience as an information security practitioner, with real-world experience in fighting cyber threats Thorough understanding of TCP/IP and networking. Experience with web proxies, such as Symantec/Bluecoat ProxySG, Zscaler Good understanding of various firewall technologies including but not limited to Cisco, Checkpoint, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet, Juniper, etc.