Brief summary of the role: The Clinical Data Manager is a member of the project team and is responsible for data management activities for multiple aspects of study start-up, operations, data auditing and closeout to ensure a high quality database. Job responsibilities: Conduct clinical data review and/or listing review of data entered by sites and determine compliance and plausibility as outlined within the project specific data review guidelines and generate data queries as needed; determine course of action to be taken to resolve data discrepancies and inconsistencies, such as additional site query, data acceptance or escalation. Determine the necessity of a query; re-query or other course of action is required based on data review findings. Identify data trends during the review process, research the issues and provide the Lead Data Manager feedback on root cause so it may be communicated to the appropriate team members as well as recommended remedial action on issues or processes that are ineffective or inefficient to ensure project data quality standards are met. Manage all data review activities, as required, with minimal client interaction/contact by acting as the project lead and communicate effectively all data issues to the appropriate team members. Create draft and provide input into the development and maintenance of the project Data Management Plan, Edit Specifications, and other process documents (i.e. Data Entry Guidelines or CRF Completion Guidelines), as required, as well as by working in collaboration with the Lead Data Manager assisting in day to day project related activities. Collaborate with the CRF designer, Programmer and/or Lead Data Manager to ensure the CRF is designed appropriately; the development of the database meets study needs as well as confirming the listing requirements are completed and validated according to outlined specifications. Oversee the development of test data as well as participate in user acceptance testing. Prepare data analysis listings and activity, performance, or progress reports. Prepare appropriate formatting to datasets as requested. Design and validate clinical databases including designing or testing logic checks. Perform quality control (QC) review of manually entered paper CRF data by comparing the CRF’s to database listing output and document any inconsistencies between the two sources to determine the correct entry. Analyze clinical data using appropriate statistical tools. Write work instruction manuals, data capture guidelines, or standard operating procedures. Track the flow of work forms including in-house data flow or electronic forms transfer. Develop technical specifications for data management programming and communicate needs to information technology staff. Requirements: BA/BS degree in biological sciences or related disciplines preferred Minimum of 2-3 years Data Management experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience within a CRO, Pharmaceutical company, Site Coordinator or CRA preferred. Therapeutic indications preferred Oncology, CNS, Ophthalmology, Cardiovascular, but not required. Medidata RAVE or other EDC Platform experience preferred, but not required. Working knowledge of MS Office products to support word processing, EDC application or other data collection systems, e-mail applications and spreadsheet activities. Knowledge of medical terminology, clinical data, and/or ICH/Good Clinical Data Management practices preferred; Ability to work in a team environment and collaborate with peers; Strong written, organizational and verbal communication skills; Strong interpersonal skills and have a clear understanding of the escalation process; ability to work on a minimum of 2 projects simultaneously.