Description Role and Responsibilities: We are looking for passionate and self-motivated Architect who is accustomed to Disaster Recovery Services. The emphasis of this role will be focused on developing the long-term vision and POC’s for future of Sungard AS’s offerings. You are, at the core, are an expert system engineer with flair for designing and solving infrastructure challenges for recovery of various production environments. To be successful, the candidate will need to be strong on Data Protection and Replication, one or more virtualization platforms, networking and storage technologies in the context of cloud platforms. You have hands on experience with Backup and Server Replication technologies and know how to work with them in Linux/Windows environments. Create and document design, architecture of technical solutions for Sungard AS cloud platform Present to and solicit feedback from various engineering, development and operations teams Work with product teams to understand requirements for new products and engineer solutions to provide. Work with existing engineering and operations teams to understand existing infrastructure and offering, and take advantage of current best practices Lead the development of offering proofs-of-concept and effectively transition those concepts to the lines of business for engineering, deployment and commercialization Conduct extensive research into emerging and existing technologies related to above strategic initiatives Requirements : Storage: Experience configuring storage (SAN and IP-based) Data Protection: Experience with enterprise class Backups and data replication Virtualization: Experience designing and managing private clouds, hosted private clouds using VMware Networking: Experience configuring and troubleshooting network devices (switches, routers, firewalls), Solid understanding of routing and switching Linux/Unix: Experience managing Linux and or Unix servers, comfortable with a command line and vi, Shell scripting or more advanced programming Windows: Experience managing Windows and Active Directory Infrastructure, PowerShell or other automation tools Experience with monitoring tools such as Zenoss, ticketing tools such as ServiceNow, server automation tools such as HPSA, vRealize portal, hybrid cloud Preferred Skills: Experience with VMware and their various private cloud solutions is a must Network and storage virtualization Prior experience creating cloud environments Service provider experience highly desired. Automation is a big plus (AWS, OpenStack, Puppet, Chef, Python, PowerShell, Ruby, etc). Additionally, the successful candidate must possess the following: Excellent interpersonal communications, both verbal and written The ability to work as part of a global, virtual team A strong sense of self-motivation and work ethic A positive, persistent approach to their work An ability to reduce complex ideas and problems into lucid concepts and solutions A passion for new technology and innovation Education & Experience Undergraduate degree preferred in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 7-10 years of experience working with enterprise IT or service provider environments Relevant ongoing education through certifications, formal or self-study experience in disaster recovery. A passion for new technology and innovation Other: Sungard Availability Services offers a high growth environment with excellent compensation and immediate eligibility for our 401(k), health/dental insurance, educational assistance, and more. Sungard AS is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran Ability to meet the physical demands of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of the background investigation and pre-employment drug screen.