This role is ideal for candidates who are interested in broad exposure to a function/department within our organization. Working with engineers on the Security Operations team, the co-op will assist with support of existing security controls to mitigate risk and improve the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the program. This role is ideal for candidates who are interested in broad exposure to a function/department within our organization. The hiring manager is looking for an upcoming undergraduate/student working that may be interested in longer term career opportunities with Radian after graduation. The specific responsibilities of the internship will be based on candidate’s background, as well as with work and projects currently within the department. 1.) A ssist with the technical quality of security-focused deliverables and adherence to security standards, governance and controls practices. 2.) Assist in the research, evaluation, design, testing, recommendation, planning or implementation of new or updated security technologies, tools and services. Analyze their impact on the existing, and if applicable, target environment. 3.) Reviewing quality of security work deliverables. 4.) Assist in research, design and implementation of measures to automate security or security reporting tasks where feasible. 5.) Assist in maturing Security Engineering practices to enable the development and implementation of security solutions and capabilities that are clearly aligned with business, technology and threat drivers. 6.) Under the direction of the VP Security Architecture, Engineering, and Ops, this position has the following responsibilities in leading security engineering resources: Participate in Application and Infrastructure projects to provide security planning advice. Research, design and implement measures to automate security or security reporting tasks where feasible. Research, evaluate, design, test, recommend, plan or implement new or updated security technologies, tools and services. Analyze their impact on the existing, and if applicable, target environment; and, provide technical and managerial expertise for their administration. Oversee the creation and enablement of baseline security configuration standards for operating systems (e.g. operating system hardening), network segmentation, and identity and access management (IAM). Mature security engineering practices to enable the development and implementation of security solutions and capabilities that are clearly aligned with business, technology and threat drivers. Oversee the creation and maintenance of security architecture artifacts (e.g. models, templates, standards and procedures) that can be used to leverage security capabilities in projects and operations. Support the testing and validation of internal security controls as directed by senior leadership or internal audit. Advocate for secure coding practices and escalate concerns related to poor coding practices to senior leadership for feedback into Radian's Application Security and Vulnerability Management Program. Track developments and changes in the digital business and threat environments / conduct technical research when necessary to ensure new developments are adequately addressed in overall security strategy direction as well as engineering artifacts. Job Specifications: Academic knowledge of security operations including tool selection, deployment and application in the following areas: encryption and tokenization solutions, identity and access management solutions, vulnerability management solutions. Knowledge, skills and abilities applicable to securing Microsoft, Unix/Linux, Web Applications, and engineering the implementation of IT General Controls. The security co-op should have studied digital security concepts, risk, and security technology operations in their academic institution. Education: HS Diploma/GED is required. Currently pursuing an undergraduate upcoming Senior or graduate degree in finance, accounting, or economics Position Parameters: This position is for students currently enrolled in Drexel University's Co-Op Program. EEO Statement Radian complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, color, religious creed, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. If you are a person with a disability and need assistance in the application process please send an e-mail message to recruitment@radian.biz.