$80,000 - $130,000 a year Onsite in Austin, TX 78704 Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Description Do you enjoy building processing pipelines for massive amounts of data? Adaptable time-series databases? Machine learning? Streaming analytics pipelines? We’ve got a lot of opportunities for you to leave your mark. A Backend Developer at Meshify will have the opportunity to work on a myriad of projects and applications. We have just finished 1.0 of our platform rewrite, entitled Carbon. It is a full scale redesign and rewrite of our legacy platform. We migrated from an old .NET API server to Go, from MySQL to ScyllaDB (Cassandra) for time-series data, and from MySQL to Postgres for relational data. It includes a query and analytics engine, highly customizable rules and notifications engine, and even custom javascript code triggered by messages in the data pipeline (Lambda Engine). Future projects will include a Hardware Identity Server providing identity and security to our hardware, simple integration with big data tooling, improved GPS rule processing, integration with common ticketing systems like Pager Duty, and more. There is also the opportunity to work with customers on one-off integrations by designing solutions for complex and unique problems. First Few Months Build out data pipeline ingest tooling from other transports Assist in building out and scaling the event history API Build out real-time debug logging in the data pipeline to enable easier debugging of hardware issues Key Responsibilities Develop backend services in Go Work with PostgreSQL and Scylla (Cassandra) to view and model data effectively Work with Git, Drone, Docker, and Rancher to continuously build, test, and deploy software applications Work to build maintainable, scalable, and deployable solutions Skills & Requirements 4 year degree in CS or other Engineering discipline combined with relevant experience 2 to 5 years professional development experience Proficiency in Node.js, Go, or similar languages Proficiency with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.) Very strong problem solving skills Open to new concepts, ideas, and languages Able read, write, and speak fluent English Ability to work in a team environment at a fast-paced, small company Ability to analyze, troubleshoot and debug software in a modern microservices environment On a rotation basis, be available for on-call support for production outside of office hours Based in Austin and available to work on-site Sample of what we currently use Golang (API, Data Pipeline) NSQ PostgreSQL ScyllaDB (Cassandra) AWS Docker Rancher DroneCI DataDog ELK