At OrangePeople, you become part of an expert and the most accomplished team dedicated to innovation. Come join us! To learn and grow each day and unleash your potential while making a difference by delivering solutions for some of the World’s Leading Brands. We are currently hiring a Program Manager to support the Data Governance team for a leading client in Plano, TX. This position will support a matrixed team of data owners, data stewards, business users and executive members. Required Skills: The Program Manager will oversee Scrum Masters/teams and will be supporting the Data Governance team and run the Data Governance Board. Proven track record of delivering large enterprise level technology projects with a strong focus on data management including data governance Deep knowledge of enterprise information/data governance concepts, supporting systems, and implementation methodologies Excellent program management skills and great communicator Should be able to create dashboards, PPTs, conduct discovery and high level solution approach meetings with data consumer/producer teams. Triage requests that come into the data team. Some examples of requests that come into the data team: Power BI set up Data access Ingestion into Data Lake Create a unified enterprise data management back log, dashboards where management can see a 2 week weather forecast. Breakdown of work distribution: 65% OCM 15% Workflow and business process engineering/ Queue management 5-10% Tech ability to track and provide status. Excellent written and verbal communication skills & ability to interact with stakeholders at all levels, from executives to staff Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us : OrangePeople is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the OrangePeople team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.