System Administrator 3-IT - 18000Q4R Preferred Qualifications Oracle is seeking an A/V System Administrator that will assist with the design, build, maintenance and support of the ongoing audio visual experiences within the Seattle Oracle offices and remote locations. The A/V System Administrator will be responsible for the availability and reliability of the company’s video infrastructure including video conferencing end points and bridging technologies, audio and web conferencing, VoIP, collaboration tools, and video streaming services. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide a solid foundation in AV/VC infrastructure and a track record of implementing and deploying video conferencing, AV, broadcast and streaming solutions. Manage the integration of past/present/future technology acquisitions onto our communications and collaboration platforms. This is a huge part of the role as we continue to grow. Responsible for the design and maintenance of the company’s audio visual conference room infrastructure. Design solutions that integrate various technologies for seamless results. Drive automation efforts to enable deploying and scaling our communications services much more efficiently. Deliver customer service excellence by understanding Oracle business, identifying the appropriate technical solutions, and meeting/exceeding service expectations. Identify, analyze, and drive problems to resolution, handling complex issues while simultaneously and effectively communicating across teams. Manage activities and relationships with AV/VC vendors, installers and manufacturers. Be an influential figure in the technology roadmap of our industry vendors, driving both change and consistency where needed. Inspire and enable the Sparta team to provide great 24/7 operational support for the services you support, proactively solving issues before they become problems and training the team to solve business problems versus just performing operational tasks (proactive not reactive). Interact with internal customers to assess broadcast needs and available services appropriate for scheduled events. Prepare data for presentations and end-user training material. Design and maintain digital signage solutions within the office to display upcoming events, training schedules and other changes as needed. Create and conduct maintenance schedules and periodic quality assurance tests within the office to ensure that conference rooms are stable. Metrics will be collected so that we meet or exceed our uptime. QUALIFICATIONS Mac/Linux administration knowledge required; ACSP/ACTC/ACMT certifications a plus CTS and CTS-D certifications Experience with Configurator, JAMF Casper Suite and DeployStudio 5+ years of well-rounded video production crew experience and video engineering skills preferred. Experience as a video engineer, projectionist or camera operator is a plus. Working proficiency in Adobe Premiere, Adobe After Effects, FCPX, Wirecast, Compressor Experience with Mobile Device Management (MDM) Familiar with network administration and performance testing Excellent written and verbal communications Strong project management and troubleshooting skills, ability to innovate, and attention to detail Positive attitude and strong interest in learning new systems and skills Self-starter, flexible, motivated to learn in a fast-paced environment and comfortable working as part of a team of highly talented professionals Skills and experience in configuring and troubleshooting network devices, which includes, switches, routers, firewalls, wireless controllers and access points, in a large enterprise consisting of multiple environments (DNS, DHCP, Proxies, WAN, LAN, and data center traffic management.) Candidate must be able to lift 75 lbs. Candidate must not be color blind. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Define, design, and implement network communications and solutions within a fast-paced, leading edge database/applications company. Perform performance trend analysis and manage the server/network capacity. Propose client configuration and implement technical solutions to enhance and/or troubleshoot the system. Work with others to define, coordinate vendor purchase needs. Responsible for support documentation as well. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years of related experience in a medium to large network distributed and computing environment. BS in Computer Science or related field. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.