Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division The Global Customer Organization (GCO) is our field based, customer facing organization consisting of Sales, Marketing, Applications, Finance, Human Resources, Facilities & IT. They partner closely with our customers to provide a comprehensive portfolio of products, services, software, and expertise, to help them manage yield throughout their fabrication process—from research and development to final volume production. Responsibilities of this group include maintaining strategic client relationships, identifying and closing sales opportunities, ensuring our products meet performance capabilities & expectations, providing critical solutions for improved yield performance, and collecting requirements for future products by understanding customer processes and technology trends. This diverse and dynamic team partners with KT’s service organization and factory divisions to help ensure alignment between customer needs and corporate offering to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. Responsibilities The Order Administration Team resides within the Sales Operations - Corporate Financial organization and is responsible for the timely and accurate booking and processing of customer received orders. The team works with Sales, Finance, Manufacturing, Marketing and Service organizations to ensure complete delivery of the required products and services offered by KLA-Tencor. JOB SUMMARY: Performs all order administration responsibilities for assigned division(s), territories, Field Sales offices, or designated customers using related system and personnel resources. Handles sales order processing and data coordination for new purchase orders (POs) and change-order submissions, returns, and overall backlog management. Interfaces with field and factory personnel including Field Sales (Account Management and Sales Administrators), Division Slot Planning, Configuration Analysts, Trade Services, Shipping, Finance (Corporate and Division), as well as Divisional Marketing and Sales. May be assigned special projects or tasks by OA management. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Receives orders submissions for new purchase orders, order changes, adjustments, and cancellations directly from both Field Sales and Product Division Representatives. Achieves and maintains rapport with internal and external customers and works to give them the best possible service. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Exercises judgment within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Uses business computer and corporate databases to retrieve customer submission information, create and manage sales order activity and order status in a timely fashion. Ensures data integrity through complete entries and correct codes for retrieval by other KT personnel. Follows up on inquires by others for current status information based on the most recent submissions to Corporate Sales Operations. Performs entry follow-up through order entry review using standard and customer reports to ensure order accuracy. Handles the order needs of sales representatives, customers, product divisions, and finance. Works with Master Database manager and Finance to facilitate the Customer entry setup for orders for new customers. Reviews submission documents to include, but not limited to: customer POs and change-orders, related documents, agreements, and supporting documentation to ensure compliance with Corporate Systems Booking Policy while maintaining complete and accurate backlog representation. Maintains customer files of active orders, posting activity such as change notices, current order status reports, supporting documents, and related email necessary for complete explanations. Participates in weekly divisional meetings pertaining to order status. Willing and fast learner for additional and changing databases required to support processing activities at KT (i.e.: quotation/order summaries, electronic data storage, and other sales-support systems as needed). Team player attitude. Concentrated support and work commitment during peak activities, such as at the end of corporate fiscal periods. Administrative assistance to contract review process and storage, i.e. tracking, copying, stamping, filing, etc. RESPONSIBILITY AND AUTHORITY: Equipment and work area: Reasonable care and operation of standard office equipment such as business computer, printers, and copiers. Customer documents: Retrieve and maintain accurate records in a timely fashion to ensure customer satisfaction, and to allow others relying on this data to do the same. Business contacts: Responsible for maintaining good Field and Factory relationships. Generally, deals with sales office and product division personnel, various levels of finance as well as support counterparts in Corporate Sales Operations in Systems and Information Technology. Work level: Limited-to-minimal supervision, being mostly self-sufficient as an experienced Order Administrator, familiar with KT resources and processes. Can assist others in more complex submission requirement situations. Would still work closely with OA Manager to coordinate and/or review projects, new processes, or unique and known situations. Should be able to easily represent OA processes and guidelines to others, as needed. Projects: Handles additionally assigned responsibilities and special projects, as needed by OA management. Supervisory support: May provide assistance to manager as needed in areas such as but not limited to new hire interviewing, OA training of new or existing employees or other department personnel, new system/process testing, and representation in assigned meetings. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Performs other related duties as assigned. Fully aware (based experience and in-house-training) of all order-related export requirements for international orders including but not limited to: Letters-of-Credit, VAT Tax issues, and Incoterms. Can provide assistance in training others on current, or modified, process review through prepared presentation sessions based on OA Manager assignment or approval. Preferred Qualifications BA or BS is desired, but not required. High school diploma or equivalent, with at least five-plus years of related experience. Requires two plus years’ knowledge of SAP Sales Module. Intermediate knowledge of applications and tools such as; Microsoft Word, Excel, Visio, and Power Point. Good communication and telephone skills to relate and resolve specific order issues. Ability to act in authoritative role in meetings or OA related discussions. Previous background should include knowledge of order management (database processing), as well as demonstrated ability to deal with other company personnel on customer order-related issues. Needs to be able to react quickly in a fast-paced environment. Solid SAP OM knowledge, Incoterms, driven individual, professional multi-tasker with extreme attention to detail. Able to prioritize workload, someone with superb time management skills Minimum Qualifications No minimum qualifications are required for this role. Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.