Position Summary The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for measuring operational performance, analyzing customer behavior and trends, data mining and building predictive models. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Major responsibilities of the position are listed below. To perform the job successfully, the individual must be able to execute each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Analyze large data sets of structured, semi-structured unstructured data to discover data insights and collaborate with business partners to deliver business value through these insights. Analyze competitive information to inform leadership and make recommendations in support of strategic decisions. Prepare and effectively present your findings to business stakeholders, including executive management in a concise fashion. Develop and maintain various complex business models (i.e. consumer behavior, demographics, marketing channel mix optimization) that help drive the business to greater success and support all levels of decision making. Support Product, Marketing and Sales in analysis of their operational performance and efficiencies to further optimize ROI. Other job duties as defined. Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree business, management, accounting, economics, statistics, information science or similar required. Minimum of 5-7 years of proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information. Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, R, SAS, SPSS, etc.). Experience using analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Mixpanel) to optimize conversion and user experience. Experience running A/B or and multi-variate tests is strongly preferred. Big data analytics experience is desired. Ability to work independently as well as partner with others and work well within a team. Strong organizational and time management skills; ability to adhere to deadlines. Comprehensive Benefits We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, paid vacation and sick days, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and 401(k) with company match. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, or disability.