Overview and Summary This position will support the delivery of client services. This person will use technical skills to execute high quality data-related projects and assignments with a high degree of accuracy and in a timely manner. Essential Duties and Responsibilities With manager guidance, plans, organizes, develops and delivers client-requested reports, deliverables and projects on time, adhering to client requested specifications. Designs, creates and manages client databases, utilizing Urban Science proprietary software, ensuring accurate and high quality data. Accurately performs application coding and testing functions associated with the development of custom client software. Tracks, processes, analyzes and verifies data in order to improve accuracy and quality. Use technical skills to accurately monitor, update and maintain Urban Science internal software systems. Adheres to quality control standards for Urban Science and client organizations. Coordinates with individuals or teams to complete analyses, tasks and projects on time and with high quality. Effectively responds to client inquiries/requests in a timely manner to help improve client satisfaction. Works with manager in completing own annual goal setting and performance review in a timely manner. Works with manager to prioritize other duties as assigned. Qualifications - Education and Experience To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability and/or competency needed for successful performance in the role. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. _Math & Statistics:_ Requires knowledge of basic descriptive statistics and ability to execute simple statistical analyses, create scatter plots, bar charts and histograms; requires ability to apply the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem _MS Office:_ Requires demonstrated knowledge of MS Excel for charting and graphing of data, writing formulas, utilizing functions, and filtering, sorting and formatting of data; intermediate knowledge of MS Word, PowerPoint, and Access is preferred _Database:_ Working knowledge of relational database concepts, which require gathering and manipulating data manually is preferred; knowledge and experience with SQL is preferred _Verbal Communication:_ Requires the ability to compose and verbally deliver information of varying levels, using appropriate grammar, tone, inflection and non-verbal cues, while also listening to and correctly deciphering verbal communication delivered by others _Written Communication:_ Requires the ability and capacity to communicate ideas, facts and data in writing using appropriate grammar, syntax and sentence structure _Analytical Thinking:_ Requires the ability to understand a situation by breaking it apart into smaller pieces, and/or tracing the implications of a situation in a step-by-step causal way _Results Oriented:_ Requires the ability to strive for optimal results by taking responsibility for timeliness, commitment to task and adherence to performance standards _Ethics & Integrity:_ Requires the ability to behave in a trustworthy & transparent manner _Teamwork & Cooperation:_ Requires the ability to work cooperatively with others and be part of a team EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: University degree required; technical degrees are strongly preferred (i.e., engineering, applied math, statistics, applied science, information systems, operations research, etc.) from an accredited college or university, or equivalent foreign institution. Non-technical degrees will be considered if candidate possesses appropriate level of analytical and technical knowledge required for the role WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This description is intended to describe the type and level of work being performed by a person assigned to this position. It is NOT an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities required by a person so classified. The job may require additional hours beyond the normal 40-hour workweek.