Duties Summary This opportunity is also open to Status eligibles under Announcement 18-HUD-839. Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and how to apply. This position is located in the Office of Field Policy and Management (FPM). FPM supports 55 Field Offices and provides organizational leadership to Regional and Field Office Directors. The Office develops mechanisms which ensure critical field program delivery issues are addressed; assess program impacts and customer service at the local level; and provide operational feedback designed to constructively influence program design and Departmental policy-making. Responsibilities The following are the duties of this position at the GS-13. If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform all these duties, and will receive training to help you grow in this position. Represent the RA/DRA/FOD in communication and liaison activities with HUD clients, HUD program officials, local leaders, state legislators, representatives of industry, foundations, universities, public and private interest groups and the media. Lead and conduct projects and studies that require analysis and evaluation of programs effectiveness, including recommending methods of improvement. Research, analyze, evaluate, and report on system-generated data, narrative information, and statistical data, proposes solutions, and develops input for briefings, data-calls, meetings, community and demographic profiles, charts, and the like. Research, analyze, and evaluate policies and regulations to resolve conflicts or other local challenges and customer service complaints, as well as to devise and propose creative, effective, and useful solutions to emerging issues. Develop and maintain constructive relations with local congressional offices and local elected officials. Travel Required 50% or less - 11 nights or more per month Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 13 Who May Apply This job is open to… U.S. citizens or U.S. Nationals ; no prior Federal experience is required. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.