Seeking a driven, self-motivated and hands-on technical expert to join the Intel Software Defined Datacenter Solutions Group (SDSG) to architect, incubate, implement and deploy holistic solutions harnessing both hardware and software ingredients solving real world customer problems. Having a system-wide view of complete solutions is critical to be successful in this position. Working directly with customers as well as external and internal partners, you will be able to leverage and enhance existing reference architectures as well as fill in gaps, to stand up end-to-end software defined data center solutions in labs. While this role encompasses the entire solutions lifecycle (including architectural planning and design, integration, debugging, performance optimizations, benchmarking, publishing collaterals for scale, and facilitating deployments). We are looking for someone who is equally comfortable as an architect as well as rolling up the sleeves to make things work in a lab. You should be able to articulate architectures that address the challenges of next generation software-defined datacenters, and actively contribute toward implementing the architecture applying Intel and partner technologies. You will be working with cloud service provider (CSP) and enterprise customers and the corresponding ecosystem to modernize the cloud infrastructure, enable cloud service offerings, support multi-cloud including on-premises, public and hybrid, encompassing the entire spectrum of compute, acceleration, networking, and storage as well as enabling technologies like orchestration, security, analytics, so on. You will play a critical role in winning and supporting lighthouse customers, including next wave IaaS, PaaS and SaaS providers as well as enterprises big and small, using software defined infrastructure solutions and technologies. In this position, you will have the opportunity to leverage the entire gamut of Intel's data center offerings including processors, networking platforms, accelerators, memory, storage, and software ingredients like orchestration, containers, analytics and automation to enable differentiated and emerging cloud services. Qualifications Minimum Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 6+ years of relevant industry experience. 6 + years of experience in the following areas Working with hardware platforms and software ingredient stacks from a technical perspective. This includes CPUs, chipsets, memory and storage solutions, networking, system-wide software frameworks, device drivers, operating systems and ecosystem. One or more virtualization technologies including OpenStack, container orchestration like Kubernetes or Apache Mesos, VMware Cloud Foundation, Pivotal Cloud, Red Hat OpenStack and OpenShift, etc. Technical marketing or agile software engineering. Additional Preferred Qualifications: Prior experience with any of the cloud platform infrastructures such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud, IBM SoftLayer, etc. Nice to have experience in computing, networking and storage solutions for CSP or enterprise environments, including technologies like workload placement, scheduling, Clos topologies, network operating systems, Software Defined Storage, OpenStack Cinder and Swift, Ceph, etc. Experience in cloud workload software optimizations like AI frameworks, DPDK, SDKs, hardware accelerations using FPGAs or Smart NICs, performance tuning, etc. Security expertise, both hardware and software, like hardened private clouds Nice to have lab-based hands on experience in DevOps configuration management tools like Ansible or Puppet, development experience with Python or Java, understanding of Linux system administration and operating system internals, networking tools like iPerf or wireshark, traffic generators like netperf or Ixia, and benchmarks like Spec Cloud. Ability to learn new technologies quickly, curiosity to keep up to date. Excellent customer support and communication skills. Self-starter, takes initiative. Writing application notes, white papers, reference guides and presentation material is an important skill for this position. Inside this Business Group The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. Other Locations US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.