What part will you play? Want to shape the future of entertainment through technology? Do you love Batman, Wonder Woman and “The Big Bang Theory” as much as you love playing with new technologies like artificial intelligence, virtual and mixed reality, and drones? Want to be part of a team that assess the impact of emerging technologies? Warner Bros is leading the way in employing technology to create the future of entertainment. You will constantly on the lookout for the latest and best technology to further our brands, characters and worlds. You’ll get to play with the coolest new tech and align emerging technology with business strategy Studio-wide. You will design and prototype some of these new technologies. You’ll be assessing the impact of emerging technologies and platforms for content creation and distribution. You will help drive the implementation of new production and distribution technologies in support of all the divisions of WB. What will you do? Explore the ‘new and the next’ in immersive media technologies knowing them inside and out to use them in Warner Bros. businesses. This will involve building prototypes in the technology area with relevant tools. Be the resident expert developing prototypes showcasing new capabilities and providing reports of your exploration the supervisor for review and further distribution to the divisions. These may include production and distribution of immersive experiences using game engines, mobile device platforms, 3D authoring tools & platforms computer vision, natural language processing & robotics hardware sensors used in IoT and connected automobiles mechanical device used in themed entertainment and rides Act as liaison between other groups within WB to offer technology knowledge of immersive media; work with technical colleagues to establish system specifications for the implementation (including test and acceptance criteria). Participate in project teams and committees both internally and in external consortia or standards bodies to establish systems that cost-effectively enable the WB division objectives. You will make the vision a reality by ensuring a smooth hand-off of projects from development to operational staff. Be on the front lines meeting with companies regarding new products and technologies then perform due diligence on them. You will be a technology scout through attending conferences and occasionally provide educational presentations to WB personnel on relevant technologies. These may include outreach to university groups in pertinent fields. You will participate in identifying and create patent applications for novel technology and business ideas. You will assist in developing service agreements and work contracts with partners and/or vendors to drive the emerging technology projects. You will manage the vendors and projects to ensure timely deliveries within the planned scope and budget. What do we need from you? Have a passion for quality and own the solution, whether it fails or flies. Take risks and try hard things and learn from mistakes. The strength of character to believe in and advocate your projects You should manifest a gravitas to inspire confidence for your team and the divisions. Be a problem solver! You will work in areas where very few of your peers understand the technology area or the way you are trying to apply it to the business of entertainment. Strong and practical techniques to move beyond an impasse. The ability to make understandable the impact of emerging technologies upon business for a non-technical audience. You should have a BS EE/CS or equivalent; an advanced degree is preferred. Ideally, you will have 6+ years of technology experience including engineering production design and implementation, preferably with some interactive gaming. 2+ years of experience leading engineering and software teams. Strong interpersonal communication skills, both written and verbal. Influence and educate people regarding complex technology. You should have experience in managing vendors’ deliveries.