Job Description Key Responsibilities Design and implement requirements in Workday HCM solution Conduct working sessions with HR to gather, understand, and analyze business requirements Provide subject matter expertise on key business process decisions Demonstrate configurations through the use of prototyping Manage and maintain global Workday implementation across IBM which includes - Core HR, Advanced Compensation, Time and Attendance, Absences, Benefits, Payroll, Learning and Talent management suites Advise HR team on industry standards for HCM process areas in order to provide suggestions to achieve clean configuration and streamlined processes. Understand Workday’s Implementation Methodology and use it on all engagements. Work in an agile environment along side a small collocated squad Provide the Iteration Manager with status reports and keep them apprised of overall status Ensure to take advantage of Workday best practices. Participate in update training and other events that help share one’s product skills with other consultants. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Existing and up to date Workday HCM Certifications Minimum two (2) years of prior experience implementing Workday HCM module with a certified Workday implementer Successfully completed at least TWO end to end Workday implementations Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Four (4) years prior experience implementing Workday HCM with a certified Workday implementer. Thrive in a diverse, fast paced environment. Basic knowledge of AGILE environment and practices Think analytically and can effectively apply logic to solve problems. Ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently and meet deadlines, despite conflicting demands. Effective interpersonal skills and the ability to collaborate and team with others. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and can clearly articulate complex messages and requirements. Strong desire to provide exceptional user experiences and engagement EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.