Research Analyst - Social and Customer Trends Description Embedded in a worldwide network Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. continuously strives to remain at the forefront of successful automotive research and development. MBRDNA is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, with key areas of Autonomous Driving, Advanced Interaction Design, Digital User Experience, Machine Learning, Costumer Research, and Business Innovation. In Redford, Michigan, the focus is on Powertrain and eDrive technology as well as in Long Beach, where the E-Mobility Group helps to shape the future of the North American market for hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric vehicles. The Testing and Regulatory Affairs Division in Ann Arbor and the Advanced Vehicle Design in Carlsbad complete the competence center. Together, all the developers, technicians, engineers and designers take on the challenges of creating the next innovation. They’re inspired by the newest trends, find the best solutions for the customer, develop the latest and greatest technologies and create the next generation of connected, safe, sustainable and luxurious vehicles. Here at MBRDNA, we are looking for talented, energetic, and committed individuals to join our diverse team. Our employees are the key to our success, and we support each individual in fulfilling his or her potential. We proudly continue the pioneering work initiated by founders Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz over 125 years ago. Job Description Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. (MBRDNA) is looking for a Research Analyst to join its Society and Technology Research Group (STRG). This is a full-time, exempt position at the MBRDNA headquarters in Sunnyvale, California. STRG analyzes business environment, market, and consumer trends to identify future opportunities for Mercedes-Benz in the United States within the topic areas of luxury, mobility, and emerging technologies. Key Tasks & Responsibilities Assist in the ideation of new research topics based on trend analysis and future market projections. Collect, synthesize, and analyze data from a wide variety of sources and find impactful conclusions that directly affect Mercedes-Benz business units. Author customized, high-impact research reports and presentations for Mercedes-Benz marketing, product development, and strategy teams. Assist in the creation, planning, execution, and analysis of workshops, focus groups, and external customer research studies. This includes facilitation, logistical coordination, data collection, questionnaire or survey design, customer interviews, and general assistance Qualifications Required Qualifications Minimum level of education required and required field of study: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum skills required : You have a meaningful understanding of general quantitative and qualitative research methodologies and data analysis. You are both a specialist and a generalist: While there may be a specific topic area or skillset that is a natural fit for you, you will also be required to perform research on topics that may be outside your comfort zone. You have the self-awareness to understand how your personal biases and beliefs may influence research studies and can exercise the necessary judgment for objectivity. You are a storyteller who can logically connect complex or unrelated ideas. You know when and how to use qualitative and quantitative data and can effectively communicate this to a variety of executive, technical, and non-technical audiences. You have a natural curiosity with detective-like instincts and, in a research context, know what questions to ask, when to look for more information, what information to look for, how to look for it, and can quickly recognize if given data is useful or meaningless. You are a highly flexible individual who can quickly adjust to changing project topics, methodologies, and deadlines. You are self-motivated and strive for personal and team success. You can prosper in both an independent and collaborative work environment. You can juggle multiple projects simultaneously and thrive in an environment with ambiguity and minimal structure. You have a deep understanding of American values and culture. You are highly aware of pop culture references and can easily apply them in a research context. You are sensitive to the needs and habits of different cultures. You are skilled in Microsoft PowerPoint and create high-impact and highly informative presentations. You have a good eye for presentation design and understand basic graphic design best practices. You enjoy writing and have a strong grasp of the English language, including punctuation, grammar, and spelling. You have strong knowledge of the automotive industry (including areas such as business models, products, digitalization, market segmentation, customer segmentation, and governmental regulations) and are ideally a “car person.” Organization : Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Primary Location : United States of America-California-Sunnyvale Work Locations : 309 N Pastoria Ave,Silicon Val 309 N Pastoria Ave,Silicon Val Sunnyvale 94085