Epicor Software drives business growth. We provide flexible, industry‐specific software designed around the needs of our manufacturing, distribution, retail, and service industry customers. More than 40 years of experience with our customers’ unique operational requirements are built into every solution―in the cloud, hosted, or on premises. With this deep understanding of our customers’ industries, Epicor solutions manage complexity, increase efficiency, and free up resources to enable our customers to focus on growth. Role Summary/Purpose: This position will manage the global network and telecom teams to support both corporate and customer-facing environments. The team needs a hands-on manager to be well versed in both network and telecom platforms. You will lead the teams through architecture, planning and design, implementation and support. You will be responsible for lifecycle management and capacity planning in the environment; as well as providing P&L management. Support and collaboration with employees, peers and leaders in Epicor’s complex environments is vital to the success in this role. Essential Responsibilities: Lead and manage network and telecom architects, engineers and administrators, to proactively and cost effectively meet the growing needs of the business. Developing and implementing system management standards and practices. Analyze and remediate technical hurdles that may impede the company’s ability to accomplish global business. Work with various network and telecommunication vendors to support global infrastructure. Negotiate contracts, renewals and address any gaps in service. Ensure teams provide regular analysis of circuits and properly plan capacity for all locations. Design and test backup connections to ensure no interruptions in service Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field is recommended Cisco certification recommended Minimum of 10 years of experience planning, designing, building, and implementing IT systems Minimum of 5 years of management experience Proven experience running a P &L with detailed reporting and the ability to trend and forecast growth. Candidate must have experience working in cloud technologies and can provide best practices in how to operate within the public cloud arenas. Candidate must be willing to work in a 24/7 environment and participate in on-call support. Limited travel is required. FOLLOW US ON LINKEDIN \- http://www.linkedin.com/company/epicor-software- corp Epicor Software Corporation is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.