Job Description Company : Oak Street Health Title : Outreach Associate Oak Street Health is a rapidly growing company of primary care centers for adults on Medicare in medically-underserved communities where there is little to no quality healthcare. Oak Street’s care is based on an entirely new model that is based on value for its patients, not on volume of services. The company is accountable for its patients’ health, spending more than twice as long with its patients and taking on the risks and costs of their care. For more information, visit http://www.oakstreethealth.com . Role Description The position of an Outreach Associate (OA) is a flexible outside sales position with the goal of adding new patients to an Oak Street Health center. As part of the outreach team, the OA creates, attends and/or runs events to meet with seniors, their adult children, and community influencers to meet prospective patients and to schedule their initial welcome visit appointment with Oak Street. While an integral member of the outreach team, each OA operates independently, with discretion in deciding daily tasks, and is responsible for designing, implementing, and executing all phases of an outreach and sales strategy. Responsibilities Examples of the types of activities Outreach Associates may participate in to attract and acquire new patients: Plan, participate, and lead a variety of outreach/marketing activities and events in the local community, including health fairs, presentations at senior buildings, activities at churches and food pantries, and any place where older adults may benefit from learning about Oak Street service offerings. Manage all aspects of generating prospective patient leads, from gathering contact information, following up to invite prospective patients to tour Oak Street community centers. Create and/or coordinate activities in locations both in Oak Street community centers and throughout the community, including entertaining parties, bingos, trivia and karaoke. Develop deep ties within the community to continuously connect with new prospective patients. Host regular events such as educational events on specific health topics, benefit programs, ESL and creative writing classes. Sign up eligible prospects to attend a welcome visit with our doctor and care team to experience the Oak Street Health care model. Conduct individual and small group presentations discussing the benefits of Oak Street Health with the intention of scheduling initial physical exams. Develop strong relationships with the people in their community. Other duties as applicable. Availability to work some weekends is a must, as, due to the flexible hours and nature of the position, Outreach Associates generally work at least two Saturdays or weekend events per month. What we’re looking for This is a highly selective position. Ideal candidates will have: A track record of success in healthcare-related sales and/or marketing A demonstrated ability to operate independently in a fast-paced environment A passion, patience, and ability to explain complex topics to seniors and their caregivers Ability to independently foster relationships with prospective patients, their caregivers, and other community stakeholders An understanding of the Medicare and Medicare Advantage programs Ability to educate community members about Medicare and Oak Street’s numerous service offerings Comfort with a performance-based compensation model where part of your compensation is determined upon meeting a quota and achieving team and individual goals Familiarity with a Customer Relations Management systems is preferred A commitment to performing meaningful work that dramatically improves the lives of older adults Strong verbal and written communications skills Experience in developing relationship with a variety of community stakeholders Ability to plan, manage, and execute a variety of marketing events Access to a vehicle that you can use every day to drive to events and activities in your community. Fluency in Spanish, Polish, Russian, or other languages spoken by people in the communities we serve (where necessary) US work authorization Someone who embodies being “Oaky”. What it means to be OAKY: Creating an unmatched patient experience Driving clinical excellence Taking ownership and driving for results Being scrappy Radiating positive energy Assuming good intentions Why Oak Street? Oak Street Health offers our coworkers advantages that can’t be found in other workplaces, including: The opportunity to be part of a hyper-growth company, focused on changing the future of healthcare. Paid vacation/sick time, retirement options, as well as health, vision, and dental benefits Supportive and fun culture High levels of responsibility and rapid advancement Opportunity to be at the forefront of a revolution in healthcare Why does Oak Street Health offer all of these benefits? Because we know what it takes to deliver the highest level of care, and our team deserves the best resources to succeed and enjoy their work. In return, we expect the best out of co-workers. Oak Street Health is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and encourage all interested readers to apply via our website: oakstreethealth.com/careers