Description Through the performance of daily tasks, and in cooperation with other department process functions, execute all aspects of the L1 Data Analysis process per ROSEN policies and procedures. Receive pipeline In-line inspection data from ROSEN sub-processes, check for quality and quantity using ROSEN proprietary software, procedures, and specifications. Perform basic data processing and compile Line Information File. Analyze and interpret In-Line Inspection signal data to identify both references and anomalies. Perform In-Line Inspection data correlation. Requirements A two - year degree in a technical discipline or equivalent work experience in a related area is preferred. A minimum high school education or GED is required. Satisfactory completion of the required training and experience as required by ANSI/ASNT ILI-PQ-2005 per applicable technology. Intermediate Microsoft Office skills, particularly Microsoft Word and Excel. Excellent interpersonal skills – ability to work well within a team environment. Excellent troubleshooting skills. Strong communication skills – both written and verbal. Strong analytical and interpretive skills. Detail oriented/organizational skills required. Ability to grasp new concepts quickly and easily.A two - year degree in a technical discipline or equivalent work experience in a related area is preferred. A minimum high school education or GED is required. Satisfactory completion of the required training and experience as required by ANSI/ASNT ILI-PQ-2005 per applicable technology. Intermediate Microsoft Office skills, particularly Microsoft Word and Excel. Excellent interpersonal skills – ability to work well within a team environment. Excellent troubleshooting skills. Strong communication skills – both written and verbal. Strong analytical and interpretive skills. Detail oriented/organizational skills required. Ability to grasp new concepts quickly and easily. Our Offer Local Houston area applicants only, relocation and/or sponsorship not available. No agency solicitations or referrals please. ROSEN USA offers an exceptional working environment, salary commensurate with experience and incredible benefits package.