Allen AI Young Investigator Program Duration: 1-3 years Start date: Flexible Candidates: Are within one year of completing their PhD, or already have a PhD The Allen AI Young Investigator program is a postdoctoral program offering unique benefits. The program will enable you to balance working collaboratively on an AI2 project while pursuing an independent research agenda. Benefits Dedicated AI2 mentor: Mentorship in research, grant writing, and more 50% collaborative work on an AI2 project 50% work on your own projects Generous travel budget AI2 provides support for obtaining a visa through its immigration attorney, and pays the necessary expenses Access to AI2s data, AWS infrastructure, and other resources as needed No grant writing, teaching, or administrative responsibilities $100K research funding from AI2 after completion (based on proposal) About AI2 The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen and headed by Professor Oren Etzioni. The core mission of AI2 is to contribute to humanity through high- impact research in artificial intelligence. Why AI2 In addition to AI2s core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are: We are a learning organization because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers. We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA+ community, and people with disabilities of any kind. We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered. We emphasize a healthy work/life balance we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their work/life balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave. We are collaborative and transparent we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures. We are in Seattle and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States. We are friendly chances are you will like every one of the 70+ (and growing) people who work here. We do. AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hr@allenai.org or you may call us at 206-548-5600.