Lutheran Social Service MN is a dynamic social service organization serving children, youth and families, people with disabilities, older adults and military veterans. Trustworthiness is a value and strength shared by our employees and recognized by the communities we serve . We offer an ALIVE Workplace (Supportive, Positive and Fun) and careers that challenge, energize and rewards employees. Consider joining us! This position will work primarily with the StreetWorks Coordinated Entry team. The Collaborative Administrator will provide administrative support to the StreetWorks program in the areas of accounts payable, budgeting, data, communication, resource coordination, and purchasing. This position will submit invoices and track payments, coordinate with others to recruit and utilize interns and community volunteers, respond to requests for information, assist in writing and editing grant applications, and manage the StreetWorks website and other online tools and resources. Minimum Requirements High School Diploma with equivalent experience or Bachelor’s degree preferred. Three to five years of experience working with adolescents in transition. Must possess superior computer skills, and have experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and database software. Demonstrate ability to learn additional computer skills/programs as necessary. Valid driver’s license and auto insurance Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint, database experience Lutheran Social Service of MN is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of all people regardless of gender, race, culture, religion, ethnicity, protected veteran status and/or disability. It is the expectation that all LSS/CHS employees will behave in a manner that is free of racism, discrimination, bias, and harassment where all individuals are treated with dignity, safety and respect. Additional Posting Information: This position will work primarily with the StreetWorks Coordinated Entry team LSS employees have deeply meaningful work that changes lives, the opportunity for their unique gifts to shine and grow, and abundant and balanced lives.