Build a better career with MSC. Serving customer and community starts with the very best people doing their very best work. That is precisely what we have at MSC Industrial Supply Co., a leading North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services. Requisition ID : 822 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Marketing Work Location : Melville, NY (CSC) State or Province : New York (US-NY) Potential Work Location : United States : New York : Melville BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: The Manager, Customer Data Governance will manage all organization-wide customer data governance activities and will have responsibility for monitoring and improving the quality of customer data and information assets. The position will focus on ensuring adherence to an enterprise customer data governance framework for data policies, standards and practices, in order to achieve the required level of consistency, quality and accuracy to meet overall business needs. This role will serve as a point of escalation for governance and data quality issues and will work closely with cross functional leadership to improve the quality and value of customer data assets and support the strategic requirements of the organization. DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES : Work with Senior Manager to provide clear thought leadership around Customer Master Data Management best practices and help develop/implement short and long-term roadmap to align MSC’s Customer Master Data to MSC’s Corporate Strategy. Establish and monitor metrics and reporting against industry best practices for Customer Data Governance while providing recurring and clear reporting of data. Quantify errors, duplication, and any other relevant measures. Develop and implement program that ensures teams follow and support customer data governance policies. Work with business leaders to understand and provide enhanced customer data for efficient operations. Work closely with downstream customer data consumers to identify gaps, errors & inconsistencies. Help develop complete strategy to resolve data challenges and/or prioritize data related solutions. Work with functional areas to review existing processes and recommend data- related improvements. Help identify new business opportunities pertaining to the use of information assets to achieve efficiency and effectiveness in the marketplace. Serve as a liaison between Business and Functional areas and technology to ensure that data related business requirements are clearly defined, communicated, and implemented. Draft business and data related requirements documents as needed. Responsible for ongoing data profiling and data analysis of specified datasets. Responsible for implementing the Data Governance strategy for specified datasets. Responsible for creating Data Quality metrics/dashboards for specified datasets. Act as the lead Data Steward and Subject Matter Expert for specified datasets. Creates/manages business glossaries, information flows, and data quality dashboards for specified datasets. Supports the development and implementation of the overall Data Governance strategy. Supports the development and implementation of controls and metrics across the organization to reduce data issues, improve data quality, and measure performance of governance activities in conjunction with the overall Data Management strategy. Supports the development and implementation of the overall Master Data Management strategy. Performs all duties inherent in the role of a Manager including hiring, termination and review and development of associates. Fosters the MSC Culture in the department and throughout the company to ensure fulfillment of MSC’s vision and unity of purpose. Participation in special projects and performs additional duties as required EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, or an analytical field required. Minimum seven years of experience in data management, data governance, and/or data analytics Strong knowledge of business data and processes Experience with data visualization/reporting platforms (e.g., Tableau, QlikView, Business Objects, etc.) is preferred Experience with Master Data Management and Data Governance is preferred Experience in metrics development, dashboard creation and automation using data tools is preferred Experience reviewing data integrations, physical data models, and SQL is preferred SKILLS: Must be action oriented, capable of independently analyzing and solving complex problems involving data quality issues, system response time, and business rules conflicts Excellent analytical skills and demonstrated ability to effectively troubleshoot and provide data strategies and solutions Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong Data Analysis skills and experience working with large data sets Excellent attention to detail OTHER REQUIREMENTS: A valid driver’s license and the ability to travel up to 10% of the time may be required. Why MSC People. Collaboration. Insight. That’s how you build something that works. Built on a foundation of trust, MSC works side by side with our customers to help them drive business results. With more than one million product offerings and 75+ years of experience across industries, MSC strives to help our customers achieve greater productivity, profitability, and growth through inventory management and other innovative supply chain solutions. As one of America’s Best Large Employers (named in 2017 by Forbes magazine), we care about our associates and have programs in place to help our 6,000+ team members achieve their potential. When you join our team, you will receive rewards and recognition for your contributions, training and professional development opportunities, as well as a variety of benefits to support you and your family's health, well-being, and financial future. If you are inspired to learn, take risks, and succeed as a team, you can build a better career at MSC. Equal Opportunity Statement All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity.