Auto req ID: 141020BR Job Description This position will be responsible for providing Office 365 architecture design and planning services for PepsiCo. In addition, a background in supporting the delivery of Enterprise Content Management solutions using IBM’s ECM suite - FileNet, IBM Case Manager and IBM Content Navigator products - would be highly desirable. Experience with SharePoint Online would also be a definite plus. The responsibilities of this position include: Office 365 Architecture: Provide Microsoft Office 365 architectural design, development, implementation, and management expertise. Provides guidance on architectural impacts on performance, stability, scalability, and costs. Align Office 365 technology solutions with business strategies. Identify ways to leverage Office 365 solutions in a business context and develop the conceptual selling materials to gain business buy in. Perform technical oversight of implementation projects to assure alignment with architecture and technology standards. Collaborate with the server, network, and database architects in application and service design and implementation. Develop future strategies for Office 365 products and services. Communicates and educates the technical and business communities on current architectures, technologies and industry trends in the cloud space. Enterprise Content Management: Work with stakeholders to capture, define, and document business Enterprise Content Management requirements – primarily focused on the IBM ECM suite. Recommend appropriate Enterprise Content Management solutions based on those requirements. Perform design review with Development teams, and act as a subject matter expert for Development and Testing teams once a project moves forward. Provide post launch support to end user support services and operations teams as required. Qualifications/Requirements 3+ years of broad experience designing/developing solutions with the Office 365 suite and Microsoft cloud technology stack. Experience with ECM tools - IBM ECM experience preferred (FileNet P8 Content Manager, Content Navigator, Case Manager, CMIS API). SharePoint experience is a bonus. Exposure to developing and configuring Web Services to customize ECM solutions. Relocation Eligible: Not Applicable Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement