Company Summary: Blurb® is a book-making platform and creative community that enables individuals to create, publish, share and sell high-quality photo books, trade books, and magazines in both print and digital formats. Blurb is accessible to consumers across the globe with free, innovative book creation and layout tools. Founded in 2005, Blurb has over 2 million customers worldwide, resulting in over 4 million unique book titles, with nearly 18 million units shipped to almost 100 countries around the world. We are headquartered in San Francisco. The Opportunity: We evolve our platform continually in response our dynamic market, including significant partnering through API's. To expand and strengthen our platform and application offering, we seek an experienced and flexible DBA, able to work the entire range of responsibilities for data systems. About You on our Team: As the main DBA on our Agile team, you will: Manage our database infrastructure, primarily with Postgres databases Provide database resiliency and reliability through live replication intra and inter-datacenter as well as point in time backups Tune the Server OS and database configs to improve the performance and resiliency of the database environment Collaborate and consult with engineering staff in the development of new schemas, alters of existing schemas, and development of queries. Provide operational support during deployments to ensure the safety and reliability of the database servers and schemas. Develop schema deployment packages for each deploy Develop and manage database monitoring/capacity planning Develop operational and management tool for the database infrastructure Your Experience: 5+ years experience managing a production RDBMS Strong proficiency in administering Postgres. We use v9.2. Some experience with MySQL. We use v5.5+ Familiarity with standard development practices as it relates to DDL and DML changes (SCM, CI, code review) Ability to translate application metrics into DB requirements to maintain scale Experience with replication and connection pooling Experience with backup and restore methods Monitoring and reporting on performance metrics (long running queries, CPU/IO issues), uptime, and security Working with developers on root cause analysis and guiding development practices that strive to maintain performant and secure systems Ability to write & optimize queries Maintaining tools to aid in automation of alerting and deployment Experience providing 24x7 on-call support Excellent troubleshooting, documentation, and communication skills Solid Linux fundamentals including kernel and OS tuning, as it relates to DB performance and security Proven track record of documenting and automating changes Nice to Have: Experience with pgBadger, pgCluu or other Postgres specific monitoring solutions ETLs and Data Warehousing Experience with any of these, the more the better: Ansible JDBC HikariCP Linux LVM Linux KVM Dell server hardware DB architecture within a production SOA environment Experience working in a Red Hat/CentOS environment And of course: Team spirit! Making the effort and taking pride in helping others, being continually inclusive with other teams. Able to listen and evaluate ideas and opinions without bias, and contribute to a common culture of excellence! Benefits: Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance (HMO, PPO, HSA options) Parental Leave Benefit Employer-Paid Life insurance, Short-term and Long-term disability 401(k) Retirement Plan Flexible Spending Accounts for Medical, Dependent Care, and Transportation and Parking expenses 10 Paid Holidays 15 Days Paid Time Off Per Year (with tenure-based increases after two years) Birthday Off Catered Lunch on Wednesdays Office massage $300 credit A Year to Create Your Own Books with Blurb How to Apply Please email resume and cover letter to cradcliffe@blurb.com