SUMMARY The Systems Administrator II configures and supports business infrastructure systems in support of ANSYS business. The role is responsible for the validation of basic business requirements, basic and advanced system configuration on IT systems and environments, and providing expertise to IT and the business units in a limited subject matter field. This role is able to work independently with moderate supervision and participate as a technology resource in larger projects. RESPONSIBILITIES Has specialist knowledge of supporting VMware Technologies - vCenter, ESX, vSphere and VDI Experience with Dell hardware and EMC storage A strong experience and understanding with windows and Linux/Unix systems Conduct new and existing equipment, hardware, and software upgrades projects Analyze and troubleshoot VMware server deployment and virtualization issues. Provide documentation on installation and configuration procedures. Performs advanced installation and maintenance of core infrastructure and client systems Performs troubleshooting: resolves network, hardware and software issues with infrastructure and client systems Routinely performs upgrades to the existing infrastructure systems Deploys and maintains hardware and software in support of the business Works with the business unit teams to support & administer systems Participates in on-call 24X7 support as needed in the event of system outage or failure. Collaborates with other IT functions on complex business requirements Collect and provide systems analysis to engineering for future systems enhancement MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Associate's Degree Minimum of 3 years of [Unix, Windows, Networking, Virtualization] Applicant should be comfortable working with executive level end users Detailed understanding of operating system concepts Good knowledge of multi-platform interoperability (Windows, Linux, UNIX ) Good knowledge of IT security Demonstrated ability to design and document enterprise IT solutions Excellent Communication Skills Demonstrated ability working and leading collaborative teams PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Core competencies for this position also include effective time management, problem solving and time management, customer focus, a drive for results, the ability to communicate effectively, teamwork and organization skills Experience in Windows and Linux operating systems Ability to travel internationally as needed Heavy lifting is necessary as infrastructure components can weigh up to 50lbs Strong technical troubleshooting skills CULTURE AND VALUES Culture and values are incredibly important to ANSYS. They inform us of who we are, of how we act. Values aren't posters hanging on a wall or about trite or glib slogans. They aren't about rules and regulations. They can't just be handed down the organization. They are shared beliefs – guideposts that we all follow when we're facing a challenge or a decision. Our values tell us how we live our lives; how we approach our jobs. Our values are crucial for fostering a culture of winning for our company: Customer focus Results and Accountability Innovation Transparency and Integrity Mastery Inclusiveness Sense of urgency Collaboration and Teamwork ANSYS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. ANSYS does not accept unsolicited referrals for vacancies, and any unsolicited referral will become the property of ANSYS. Upon hire, no fee will be owed to the agency, person, or entity.