Quadratic, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Richards Group, provides advanced analytics, digital analytics, data solutions, and relationship marketing services to more than 100 class-leading clients across a wide range of verticals. We’re searching for a new statistical analyst who shares our passion for data, analysis, modeling, learning, and continuous improvement. Like all team members, this person must be incredibly curious, empathetic, sincere, and hardworking. Quadratic requires a healthy balance between thinking and doing, between detail orientation and out-of-the-box thinking. Our clients’ needs are constantly evolving, and our charter is to help them move forward. We hold dear the notion that if you are not failing, you’re not trying hard enough. The analyst will use their experiences, knowledge, and passion for learning to solve diverse business problems for clients, helping them make better decisions. The position requires experience working with a range of mathematics techniques, from linear algebra to statistical modeling to machine learning. You can expect to work with enterprise, digital, marketing, and research data in a collaborative environment. Based on which approach has the most merit, Bayesian inference, belief networks, structural equation modeling, hidden Markov modeling, random forests, latent class, DoE, factor analysis, principal component analysis, k-means clustering, CART, and CHAID might all be in a day’s work. The ideal candidate will have fluency in statistics software coding (R, SAS, Stata, Python, etc.) and maybe even a little Java or C++ in their toolkit. Responsibilities Use data analytics software (SQL, SAS, R, etc.) to clean and organize large data sets to be used in analyses Design, diagnose, and deploy statistical models using a statistical software package such as R, SAS, or Stata Develop test plans in conjunction with media teams to support campaign objectives Perform ad hoc quantitative analyses to answer unique and challenging business questions Adapt and learn to help answer the question at hand in the best way possible Effectively present project deliverables to internal stakeholders and clients with varying levels of technical expertise Requirements Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, economics, engineering, or physics, or relevant work experience Two or more years of professional experience preferred Three or more years of building and implementing statistical and/or machine learning models (OLS, logistic regression, time series, HLM, neural networks, CHAID, etc.) Advanced level of experience in at least one data statistical software package and data manipulation platform (R, SAS, Stata, SQL, Python, etc.) Knowledge of common marketing analytics techniques such as media mix models, multivariate testing, A/B testing, segmentation, and attribution algorithms is desired Highly organized, with the ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Ability to work independently and within a team structure to discuss methodology, results, and recommendations Ability to present findings and recommendations in a clear and compelling way A healthy passion for finding meaning in our lives