Within Operation Services (datacenter), the Cloud Architect Americas designs Cloud solution architectures for public Cloud service solutions or service enhancements in the Americas Hub that are aligned to customer requirements & enterprise architecture standards. As such, the Cloud Architect is responsible for having an advanced understanding of public Cloud industry trends as well as enterprise standards and methodologies. The Cloud Architect Americas leads the effort to research, analyze, design, propose & deliver solution architecture based on existing standards that meet the strategic needs of the business in 11 countries within the Americas. Design & delivery of solution architecture involves working effectively with peer Architects & Solution experts in the other Air Liquide Hubs (Europe, Middle East/Africa, & Asia). The Cloud Architect is also in charge of defining & maintaining solution roadmaps, in accordance with business needs. Finally, this role also oversees the effort to support, resolve & document issues that arise in the architecture, which may include reviewing designs & recommending improvements to the architecture. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS & RESPONSIBILITIES include but are not limited to: Deliver public Cloud architecture & deploy Amazon Web Services (AWS) solutions (primary) & Azure (limited scope) using the best practices of infrastructure as code and DevOps Develop product specifications by understanding customer expectations & market offerings Communicate proactively AWS value to applications teams in the Americas Collaborate with Cloud experts in the other Hubs to develop the Cloud architecture and AWS services roadmap for Americas Define & understand the technical requirements for new services or service enhancements Conduct feasibility assessments for proposed service implementations or changes Advise on key technology decisions & provide service implementation estimates Lead effort to review & provide input on proposals from an architectural perspective, including feasibility, practicality, technical viability, consistency & solution costs Lead the overall architecture design & implementation, ensuring it meets requirements & performance goals Identify reusable/preconfigured service components or standard product from the market to leverage & assemble the service/solution QUALIFICATIONS : 3 to 7 years of experience in IT infrastructure in large multinational companies In depth knowledge of AWS solutions & 2 to 5 years of experience in deploying AWS solutions in a complex environment (multi-regions, high availability, scalability, …) Experience in AWS costs optimization Knowledge of DevOps & Operations Automation, using Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment tools Strong appetite for the latest Cloud technologies, trends, standards, products, & applicability Able to think creatively & exploit opportunities Critical thinking & problem solving skills Able to simplify & synthesize complex situations with consideration to all elements Strong interpersonal & communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or other relevant area (or equivalent experience) PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Spends 70% of the time sitting & 30% of the time either standing or walking while in the office. Occasionally stoops, kneels, crouches, climbs, balances, crawls, & reaches. Oral and auditory capacity enabling interpersonal communication as well as communication through automated devices such as the telephone. Visual capacity enabling frequent use of computer equipment. Frequent use of eye, hand, & finger coordination enabling the use of automated office machinery. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving office machine parts. Must be able to work in a smoke-free & drug-free workplace. Must be able to travel by plane, train, etc. 20-25%. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate & the work environment is an office setting. Work sometimes involves remote sites. Applicants for U.S. based positions with Air Liquide must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Air Liquide is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace. Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. WORKING LOCATION FOR POSITION : Radnor, PA (Philadelphia suburb) Qualifications EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability