Description: About PLAYSTUDIOS PLAYSTUDIOS is a developer of engaging casual games for the world’s largest social and mobile platforms. Founded by a team of experienced gaming and technology entrepreneurs, our free-to-play applications combine the best elements of popular social games with established gambling mechanics. Players enjoy an ever-growing collection of slot and table games and the opportunity to earn an unprecedented selection of valuable real-world Rewards. We have content studios in the San Francisco Bay Area, Austin, Tel Aviv and Hong Kong and have partnered with some of the world’s largest entertainment companies, including King, Konami, and MGM. PLAYSTUDIOS is enthusiastically seeking a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst for our My KONAMI Slots app. Does the idea of analyzing millions of records, forming insights, and guiding strategic direction for an entire app interest you? Are you an unapologetic data ninja that can flawlessly write queries, aggregate data to any granularity, and go any length for a game-changing analysis? If you are a razor sharp, data passionate individual, who has the skills to be both a data engineer and data scientist, look no further. In this role you will be scheduling complex data sets, automating processes, overseeing A/B testing, and answering big picture questions through deep ad hoc analyses. Tasked with analyzing new features and initiatives, you will become a leading strategic voice working daily with product managers, data engineers, and live ops managers to optimize the product. The data, insights, and conclusions you furnish will be at the intersection of all decision making and will make you a vital team member. If you can do this without an ego, and be the humble but effective team player we desire, then this role’s potential will be limitless. Should you have these characteristics, your talents and opportunities will grow in tandem with the app you steward. If this description resonates with you, apply now. Our team is eager to succeed, eager to collaborate, and eager to learn together as we reach new milestones in the mobile games industry. This is not another job posting, this is an opportunity to join a team where the product will be greater than the sum of its contributors, and where the opportunity for impact will have no boundaries. . Requirements: Responsibilities: Develop expertise in the play experience for all PLAYSTUDIOS games. Partner with business functional heads to design both operational and ad hoc reporting. Work with SQL, Excel, Python, and Tableau daily to access and manipulate data: get it, munge it, analyze it, report on it. Create ongoing insights related to business analytics, product performance, new feature releases, marketing operations, player behavior, and competitor analysis. Regularly present data insights to the management team. Required: Advanced SQL competency. Solid background in medium-level probability and statistics. Exceptional analytical ability. Excellent communication/presentation skills - ability to work closely with departmental managers and senior staff. Familiarity with at least one scripting language is required (Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, etc…). Preferred: Familiarity with any statistical package a strong plus (R, Stata, SAS, SPSS, etc…). Familiarity with Python/Jupyter/Anaconda also strongly recommended. At least 3 to 5 years of experience in the mobile games industry. Benefits and Perks 100% health benefit coverage for you and your dependents! 401K plan and stock options. Flexible vacation policy. Great downtown Austin location with extensive nearby dining options and vibrant nightlife. Employee-driven entertainment, happy hours, and team-building events. Catered lunches multiple times per week. Snacks and drinks available in the kitchen. Casual startup-like environment. An open, collaborative work space. Commuter benefits program. This is an exciting opportunity to join a world-class team and bring our exciting games to even more fans worldwide.