Document Control position in support of SWFPAC Support Operations. Perform a variety of tasks, including preparation and incorporation of changes, revisions, deviations, SWFPAC interim changes, and local changes to ordnance data (ODs) and all other SWFPAC documents located in processing buildings. Use editing tool to edit and modify existing procedures. Maintain configuration control of all missile and support equipment documentation. Support and actively participate in meetings, projects, proofing exercises, and assignments related to documentation control. Provide back-up support and assistance in various documentation functions during periods of peak workloads. The position is located the Strategic Weapons Facility (SWFPAC) in Silverdale, WA. Desired Skills: \- Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment. Knowledge of configuration management/change control processes. Possess knowledge of best practices for maintaining information security. Possess ability to think creatively to devise customizations and uses for SharePoint. Familiar with website layouts and html. Communicates clearly and effectively. Manages time efficiently and multi-tasks effectively. Demonstrated customer service skills. Ability to understand working in a military environment. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Previous work experience working with SharePoint. Ability to obtain and maintain a Secret clearance. U.S. Citizenship required. Aptitude for technical documentation management and control. Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and other .pdf editing software. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.