Choice Hotels International is a cutting-edge software development company that develops software to manage, reserve and book hotel rooms in its portfolio of 11 branded hotels. Choice provides innovative enterprise SOA solutions based on Open Source and AWS technologies. Choice is a tightknit team where you can enhance your skills in an environment that emphasizes creativity, sharing, teamwork, professionalism, and outstanding quality software. You will work alongside some of the most talented and dynamic professionals as they work to provide exceptional solutions to the many challenges our business and franchises face. If you are bright, driven, enjoy working with the latest technologies and have the right blend of business acumen, technically savvy and customer-facing skills then this opportunity is for you. If you are willing to work hard, looking for a place to learn and grow, and have the skills we would like to hear from you. _The cool stuff you do:_ Impact to the organization is generally at the immediate work group level by detailing team processes and project Gathers business requirements by defining the business problem and data requirements. Utilizes working knowledge of multiple data structures and sources to support the design, development and implementation of decision support solutions, which may include data visualization, business intelligence, or data collection. Partners with Architecture and Tech leads to support the design, alignment, and implementation of technical standards to address appropriate business solutions. Liaise between business and IT; translate the requirements from business language to IT understanding Write and maintain documentation and knowledge base Recommend and drive solutions within area of focus. Contribute to development/proposal of larger scope solutions Understand and utilize Agile Scrum best practices to ensure consistent delivery and reporting of project deliverables Independently lead cross-functional teams to address business process or systems issues and communicate key issues back up to the leadership team Ensure that complex business requirements are accurately captured, communicated, and understood by all stakeholders and effectively translate them into functional specifications Work with Product Owner and IT Product Manager to prioritize against competing priorities. Work with business product owners to elicit and document requirements in the form of User stories within Agile/Scrum _Your education and experience:_ Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, or related field, from a four-year college or university, or one to two years related experience and/or training in the IT field; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated knowledge of agile software development methodologies, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and object-oriented programming methodologies. Solid understanding of systems development and input/output modeling. Has working knowledge of database, OS, other system tools. Strong Understanding of the CRM/Loyalty systems Demonstrate knowledge of SQL Excellent User story writing and story board mapping skills. Preferred CSPO Certification _You are awesome at:_ _Excellent communication skills_. You’re comfortable working with business and technical individuals at all levels of the organization. _Team orientation_. You appropriately include others in decision making. You genuinely care about co-worker’s wellbeing and input and are interested in developing collaborative working relationships characterized by trust and mutual respect. _Keen analytical acumen_. You’re able to add structure where it doesn’t exist, and process qualitative and quantitative data to draw conclusions. _Decisiveness_. You’re able to make timely, informed decisions that take into account facts, goals, constraints, and risks. _Outcome orientation_. You understand the “whys” behind tasks and are able to achieve complex goals with a high level of autonomy. Excellent interpersonal skills and demeanor. Excellent documentation skills Strong elicitation skills Strong presentation skills, including expressing technical concepts in business terms to both technical and non-technical audiences. Strong research skills. Strong coordination skills and well organized Proficient in the use of MS Office applications, such as Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Visio and Excel Ability to identify key performance indicators in business processes. Ability to work effectively in a team-oriented environment, both independently and collaboratively. Ability to uphold Choice’s Values & Performance Principles of collaboration, performance excellence, sense of urgency, openness to innovative ideas, inclusion & diversity, integrity, customer focus, and respect. Must be able to uphold Choice's Values & Performance Principles of accountability, collaboration, performance excellence, sense of urgency, innovation, inclusion & diversity, integrity & trust, customer focus, and respect.