Qualifications Required Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree required plus 2 years relevant experience. Four years of work experience required with a non-related bachelor's degree. Advanced database knowledge and excellent SQL skills Demonstrated experience in data analysis Ability to effectively present and visualize data using visualization and analysis tool Strong organizational and analytical skills with close attention to detail Ability to work well both collaboratively and independently Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications BA/BS in Computer Science or closely related field Experience analyzing data in a higher education setting Experience with Tableau, Oracle, and/or Python Statistical knowledge and experience with stats packages (e.g., SPSS, SAS, R, JMP) About the Job This position is responsible for data integration, analysis, visualization, and data delivery efforts, in addition to designing, documenting, and maintaining integrated data models for schools and units within the Academic Health Center at the University of Minnesota. Responsibilities Inventory and document data sources and their relationships to one another Merge or link disparate data sources, integrate new data sources, and perform data normalization Conduct analyses in an effort to become a subject matter expert on certain key data sources Collect, create, and maintain metadata documentation Perform data QA and document identified limitations, constraints, data definitions, and suggested best practices Meet with clients to understand needs, translate business needs to data terms, and fulfill requests by performing data analysis, visualization, and data delivery Develop data visualizations and dashboards using delivery platform of Tableau Participate in development of data request and permissions framework(s) Document and provide updates to leadership on status, processes, and findings Provide service management support for enterprise Tableau Server How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.