This position serves as the Database and Records Analyst for the School of Dentistry (SOD) under the supervisor of the Director of Student Affairs in Learner Success Center. Responsible for overseeing, managing and analyzing all aspects of student records for the DDS program within the School of Dentistry. Maintains the integrity and accuracy of student records including but not limited to academic progress, academic standing, student accomodations, compliance training, scholarship awards, and probabtion. Serves as the Database Analyst for the student records data base, Shared Education Data Solution (SEDS), with responsiblities ranging from testing, security, reporting, troubleshooting, and assisting in systems architecture. Works as liason with vendor and other analysts to report service issues, share knowledge and implement new features. Works closely with school and campus offices including Registrar, Student Disability, Learner Success Team, and Dean’s Office to provide academic data and reports. Provides student records services to students and resolves academic record issues. LSC The Learner Success Center (LSC), under the leadership of the Associate Dean for Education and Student Affairs, provides support to learners to help them grow, flourish and be successful while in dental school. The LSC encompasses the offices of Ed Tech/Curriculum Support, Admissions, and Student Affairs. SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY MISSION: Advancing health through excellence in patient care, education and discovery. VISION: To be the preeminent innovator in oral and craniofacial health worldwide. VALUES: Through our values, we demonstrate LEADERSHIP in all that we do. Leadership, Excellence, Accountability, Diversity, Engagement, Respect, Social responsibility, Honesty, Innovation, and Partnership. The School is committed to providing outstanding, integrated patient-centered care, preparing the next generation of clinicians and scientists for a rapidly evolving health care system, leading the world in scientific discovery and its translation into improved patient care and public health, creating and maintaining a supportive work and learning environment that attracts the best faculty, staff, students and trainees who can meet the changing needs of the School, society and profession, and optimizing resources to support strategic objectives and maximize stakeholder value. We provide comprehensive oral health care services with over 120,000 patient visits per year. We offer a four-year DDS program as well as a two-year program for international dentists that culminates in the DDS degree. We have numerous specialty residencies, PhD and Master’s degree programs in Oral and Craniofacial Sciences, a combined DDS-PhD program, and a combined PhD-dental specialty training program. Other graduate programs include Craniofacial and Mesenchymal Biology and Bioengineering, and a DDS/MBA program. The School is one of the preeminent oral and craniofacial research enterprises in the world, ranking number one in National Institute of Health funding for 24 consecutive years. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.