At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll… Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility. Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry- leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries PhD degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re enthusiastic about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. Responsibilities: You will partner with Executive Assistants to provide consistent and seamless coverage Assist with meeting coordination while maintaining strict confidentiality standards; absolute discretion and appropriate handling of highly sensitive information is required Assist in logistic coordination for the top management team and VIP guests of the parent company. This will include hotels, ground transportation, commercial/private air, and conference/private events. Assist in HR and benefits issues for Japanese staff on assignment from Japan to the US, including relocation support for the incoming staff and communicating with Japanese staff regarding HR policies You will be responsible for translation (verbal and written) from Japanese to English / from English to Japanese Assist building agenda and presentation materials Effectively maintain relationships in a cordial and professional manner Work with a flexible schedule - accommodating international time zones Qualifications: Communicate and liaise verbally and in writing between Japan and relevant staff in the US. Professional fluency in Japanese and English is required. A deep understanding of Japanese manners, customs, business nuances and etiquette is required. Ability to work independently with minimal guidance, as well as part of a collaborative team, and assume additional responsibilities as required. Adapts well to changing plans and priorities; deals comfortably with ambiguity. You must be extremely detail oriented and well organized; strong time management skills, ability to handle multiple concurrent assignments with a high degree of accuracy. You have the ability to develop and maintain trusted relationships. You demonstrate professionalism and maintain a polished demeanor and a positive customer service attitude. Bachelor’s degree is preferred. Executive Assistant experience is helpful. Hospitality, event, or other related experience can be equally viable. Experience of living and working in Japan is strongly preferred.