Manager, Customer Success & Strategy, BPO’s (Austin, Texas candidates only) Tethr’s vision is to help the world learn from its voice conversations. We help companies uncover never-before-seen insights from their business and customer phone calls. This entirely new set of data leads to improved customer loyalty, increased revenue and betterment of their products and services. Human conversation is complex. We strive to unlock the potential of this dataset for users of all skill levels. We’re looking for a Manager of Customer Success & Strategy to add to our growing and talented team. The Tethr Customer Success Manager is responsible for maintaining a portfolio of Accounts that include the world’s leading Business Process Outsourcers. This individual proactively governs customer relationships and consistently illustrates the value delivered through Tethr’s software & services. The Customer Success Manager serves as the internal voice of the customer while working with other Tethr teams to exceed customer expectations. Customer Success Manager performance is based on specific metrics associated with customer on-boarding, product adoption, expansion & retention. This role will take work direction from the Customer Success Director and report to the Chief Customer Strategy and Success Officer. Key Responsibilities: Proactively serve a portfolio of assigned accounts so that customers may achieve their positive business outcomes via Tethr insights, software & services Drive customer software engagement & development of power users across customer organizations Develop Tethr “Best Practices” for key customer stakeholders to enable speed to benefit Perform account reviews and implement Customer Success Plans for assigned accounts Proactively provide relevant insight and reporting against customers’ critical business objectives Effectively and timely solve ad-hoc customer issues as needed Collaborate with sales & business development team to expand customer relationships Maintain communication & tailored business rhythms for each customer Develop and manage predictive renewal analytics to identify customer expansion opportunities & churn risks Collaborate with Marketing to leverage customer use cases and case studies Provide continuous customer feedback to Product team Stay current on industry trends and provide thought leadership to customers and partners Adopt & contribute to Customer Success team best practices Core Skills & Talents: Passion for serving customers Establish credibility with key customer decision makers & influencers Strong verbal/written communication & presentation skills; exceptional listening skills Strong problem solving & analytical skills; formulates solutions that deliver real business value Innovative with the ability to recognize and maximize new business opportunities Comfort with negotiation Well organized; manage multiple accounts & assignments simultaneously A drive to exceed goals that is internal, constant & self-imposed Ability to lead via influence and effective at all organizational levels Qualifications: B.S. or B.A. in business management, finance, economics or similar study At least 3-5 years of prior account management and/or customer success experience, preferably within enterprise software or SaaS Demonstrated leadership and strategy development within a Contact Center BPO provider, or managing Contact Center BPO’s Preferred: Experience with CRM’s and/or BI tools, call centers and/or their related technology At Tethr, we only hire great people. We love our product and take hiring very seriously. We enjoy working together and the feeling that we accomplished something everyday. Our fast-paced environment means you’ll be able to quickly see the impact of your contributions on the success of our company, and see the product of your time and energy make a difference in peoples lives. In return for your contributions, you’ll be rewarded with excellent compensation, equity, and incredible opportunities for career growth and development in a vibrant, growing culture! Learn more about us and our product and apply at https://tethr.com Tethr is committed to diversity and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.