The Director of Information Technology is responsible for providing strategic vision, leadership, management and administration for a wide range of technologies and systems used by the Museum in support of our mission, vision and values. The position oversees technology and data systems to meet current demands as well as prepare for changes and upgrades. Working across a broad group of internal and external stakeholders, s/he creates and maintains a positive and successful IT work environment for staff and customer service culture for staff and visitors. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES In collaboration with the management teams, coordinates the design and implementation of information technology goals, objectives, policies, priorities, and procedures; facilitates and develops a museum-wide Information Technology Plan (ITP); implements and evolves this ITP to meet changing business needs and technologies. Coordinates and implements multi-department applications such as the e-mail system, Collections Management, Digital Asset Management and Finance/Accounting; manages the sharing and integration of common software applications and data; maintains departmental applications. Supervises and provides for end-user support; assesses training needs and develops and manages strategies to provide training. Supervises and/or performs Local Area Network (LAN) and wireless network system administration; monitors, analyzes, and resolves computer system and application software problems; oversees network growth and planning for upgrades of the software/hardware environment to meet the needs of the museum. Evaluates new technologies to determine applicability to museum activities; conducts feasibility studies, prepares cost analyses, and makes recommendations to COO and management teams. Maintains and enhances control and security procedures for museum data; coordinates backup and recovery of the over-all system including the preparation of a disaster recovery plan. Maintains and enhances guidelines for software and hardware procurement, approval and implementation, and license adherence. Prepares specifications and purchase orders; manages vendor accounts; establishes maintenance contracts for equipment; recommends and coordinates consulting services as needed in the purchase of hardware and software and the establishment of custom or packaged software for departments; prepares and administers IT departmental budget. Hires, directs, supervises, and evaluates subordinate IT staff and vendor support. Coordinates with City of San Francisco Department of Technology to implement applications, comply with policies, propose projects for funding. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree, ideally in computer science, technology, engineering, or information systems Seven (7) years of verifiable experience working in an IT department that supports many functional departments; at least three (3) years should include IT managerial and leadership accountabilities for an organization or a large department; or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience; nonprofit experience a plus Experience must include: implementing and supporting LAN infrastructure; VM Ware, Office 365, packaged software selection and implementation to support a broad range of functional activities; project management; budgetary management and administration; staff supervision. Experience with applications used by museum, educational, cultural, or related institutions is highly desirable Strong technical knowledge in IT operations; systems development and maintenance; technical and operational problem solving; systems design; data processing methods Ability to effectively manage complex and diverse technology projects that improve organizational efficiency and internal user and external customer experience; serve as technology operations expert on projects. Experience in developing and monitoring budgets and expenses. Ability to establish and maintain positive relationships with museum staff, management, donors, peers, vendors, and others Ability to manage confidential material and systems with absolute trust and integrity Strong problem-solving skills with proven ability to take initiative and persevere through challenges with optimism and creativity. Ability to set and achieve goals and effectively allocate limited resources. Outstanding organization, collaboration, problem solving, and project management. Strong supervisory skills; excellent customer service skills; patience, creativity, and flexibility Excellent written, verbal, and active listening communication skills Must be able to work occasional nights, weekends, holidays, and on-call for emergencies. COMPENSATION Competitive compensation and benefits package. APPLICATION PROCEDURE Apply online below The Asian Art Museum is one of the largest museums in the Western world devoted exclusively to Asian art and culture. Home to more than 16,000 works of art from over 40 Asian countries, we strive to be a catalyst for discovery, dialogue, and inspiration. With Asia as our lens and art as our cornerstone, we spark connections across cultures and through time, igniting curiosity, conversation, and creativity. The Asian Art Museum embraces diversity in its mission, programs, and staff. (ref. 11219)