Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. This Supply Chain Architect position will focus on developing supply chain strategies, roadmaps, and associated systems to support the growth of Facebook’s datacenters and associated hardware. We are driving transformational change and need creative leaders to participate in building unique solutions to solve unique challenges! The Supply Chain Architect will be expected to engage with partner teams across the organization to understand their requirements and turn them into phased operational roadmaps. This process includes documenting the current state of the supply chain and cross-functional dependencies, identifying pain- points and deficiencies, identifying improvement opportunities, and proposing future state solutions. The end goals being supply continuity, lead time reduction, and minimization of commercial risk. Once the opportunities have been identified, the Supply Chain Architect will be responsible for preparing, and in some cases program managing, the implementation plan. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Supply Chain business processes and related IT solutions enablement. Direct experience managing traditional supply chain functions such as: forecasting, demand/supply planning, master scheduling, order fulfillment, logistics, transactional procurement (Source-to-Pay), supply chain master data management, and product lifecycle management is required. Extensive experience in architecting and mapping business models against different IT solutions and architectures, as well as a proven Program Management experience in implementing such solutions is mandatory. RESPONSIBILITIES Engaging with business stakeholders to understand strategic objectives, business requirements, and pain points. Developing complex, multi-year, supply chain strategies, roadmaps, and implementation plans. Championing activities across multiple functional groups within the larger Infrastructure team. Supporting associated change management initiatives across the Infrastructure org. Working with IT system developers to spec, implement, and validate, new tools/systems. Engaging with third party vendors to evaluate capabilities and software tools. Leading implementation programs, from high-level program management to preparing process workflows and related documentation. Identifying, collecting, and analyzing data to drive processes optimization. Establishing KPIs to track and monitor performance and develop improvement plans. Training participating and partner teams on new processes and supporting tools as required. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Demonstrated experience transforming supply chains across products and industries. Experience developing solutions to problems, which require the use of ingenuity and innovation. Organizational, project, and time management experience. Experience influencing and interacting with cross-functional teams and harnessing the potential of a bottom’s up culture. Experience and application of supply chain principles, concepts, practices, and standards, along with an experience in industry practices. Master’s degree in technical or business related field with at least 8 years of supply chain experience. Experience with Oracle, Demantra, Agile PLM or equivalent tools. Communication experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS A Supply Chain business consulting background, with “Hands-On” experience. Proactive and self-driven, focused on delivering impact and getting things done, in a collaborative and service-oriented manner. Insatiable curiosity coupled with the tenacity and grit required to implement truly. Experience working with ambiguity and working effectively in an entrepreneurial environment. Experience in a large cross-functional work environment, driving beyond the organization’s natural boundaries. Demonstrated experience transforming supply chains across server, network, or data center infrastructure products and industries.