GIS Developer - ( 150350 ) Description About Us At HDR, we specialize in engineering, architecture, environmental and construction services. While we are most well-known for adding beauty and structure to communities through high-performance buildings and smart infrastructure, we provide much more than that. We create an unshakable foundation for progress because our multidisciplinary teams also include scientists, economists, builders, analysts and artists. That’s why we believe diversity is our greatest strength. HDR is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. Watch our 'About Us' video We believe that the way we work can add meaning and value to the world. That ideas inspire positive change. That coloring outside the lines can illuminate fresh perspectives. And that small details yield important realizations. Above all, we believe that collaboration is the best way forward. Primary Responsibilities HDR is looking for a GIS Developer, driven by innovation and a desire to make a difference, to join our growing and nationally ranked team of professionals in Bellevue, Washington. Development is an ever changing landscape of frameworks and ideas and can be a jungle to navigate, but the savvy developer can transcend fads to find appropriate tools to solve the task at hand. We are seeking clever, dedicated developers who enjoy what they do, like working with teams, and searching for new ideas; someone who can appropriately apply technology to solve problems and provide services to our clients. Duties include working in a professional environment with a team of GIS developers and analysts, engineers, scientists, business analysts, and planners. The ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with remote team members and with individuals from a wide variety of backgrounds, both technical and non-technical, is required. General Skills: Communication. Ability to share your ideas and work with other developers in a collaborative environment. Problem solving. Knowing how to make a task easier, more maintainable and stable. Curiosity. Knowing what’s on the horizon in GIS and web development and when to use it. Adaptability. Able to quickly learn and adapt to new technologies. Ability to manage a complex range of tasks and meet deadlines. Understanding of the Agile development lifecycle and how to apply it responsibly. Technical Skills: Advanced JavaScript (including ES6), HTML, and CSS(SASS/LESS) Responsive web design and UI frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, etc.) Experience with native mobile application development (Swift/Obj-C, Esri Runtime SDK) Experience with processes and tools (Git, NPM, Yarn, Gulp, etc.) Experience with JavaScript frameworks (Ember, React, etc.) Experience with server-side technologies (.NET , NodeJS, etc.) Experience with RESTful web services. Experience with cloud computing, preferably Azure. Understanding of unit testing and continuous integration and deployment. GIS Skills (Preferable): Esri (ArcGIS Server/Enterprise (10.4+), Portal for ArcGIS, ArcGIS Online Development and Management. Publishing web or feature services Creating SDE enabled databases Experience with Esri Javascript API Open source web mapping tools (Leaflet, Mapbox, Carto, etc.) L1-PH1 Successful candidates will be able to develop database schemas and analysis methods needed to support project goals and efficiently use web resources to research and problem solve. Our projects include geospatial solutions for desktop, web, and mobile. Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelors in Geography, Geospatial Science, Computer Science, Planning, Environmental Sciences, or relevant field 5-10 years practical GIS and/or web development experience Preferred Qualifications Esri Certification a plus GISP, AICP, or PE Certification Local candidate Why HDR At HDR, we know work isn’t only about who you work for; it’s also about what you do and how you do it. Led by the strength of our values and a culture shaped by employee ownership, we network with each other, build on each other’s contributions, and collaborate together to make great things possible. When you join HDR, we give you license to do the same. We help you take charge of your career, giving you multiple growth opportunities along the way. Primary Location : United States-Washington-Bellevue Other Locations : United States-Washington-Seattle Industry : Environment/Sciences Schedule : Full-time Employee Status : Regular BusinessClass : Geospatial (GIS) Job Posting : Jul 26, 2018