Data/BI Architect ( Job Number: 182745 ) As a Big Data Technical / BI Architect you will be responsible for driving TCF’s Fraud & Risk data & BI architecture practice, including designing and solutioning of various operational and analytical systems. You will lead the strategy and architecture of creating and maintaining project and/or enterprise data models, integration and business analytics capabilities. You will help establish enrich IT Data Governance as a discipline at TCF. The objective of this role is to define common structures and patterns for teams to leverage when developing technical solutions, and support the creation of a set of standards to modernize and align TCF’s data & BI management practices. Leads Fraud & Risk Big Data & BI Architecture working sessions with appropriate stakeholders across the organization to create and maintain data modeling, data integration and BI capabilities. Ensures these models are kept current, are approved, are fit for purpose, and evangelized across the organization. Provides thought leadership and strategic direction to modernize TCF’s Fraud & Risk analytics environments leveraging Big Data technologies, everages thorough through obtaining in-depth understanding of business process and system processes to implement make recommendations and propose technical/non-technical solutions to meet business requirements. Works with the Application Development and Integration Services teams to implement Data & BI strategies and build data flows pipelines from on-premise and could-based platforms. Define, design and implement data access patterns for right-time/streaming workloads including data acquisition, storage, processing and analytics Supports TCF’s Data Governance practice through development of a set of Data Architecture / Data Management standards. Provides technical and strategic leadership in all Data & BI Architecture subject areas. Improves TCF’s Architecture practice and modernizes Data & BI Management capabilities. Supports Partners with project architects, enterprise architects, and solution architects across the organization for Data & BI Management and Data & BI Architecture capabilities – Provides guidance where appropriate. Performs software analysis, code analysis, requirements analysis, software review, system risk analysis, software reliability analysis, capacity planning, etc. Champions common data definitions, and data protection and security. Monitors, assesses, and understands data management capability developments and identifies opportunities for TCF architectural modernization. Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other technical field or equivalent work experience 7+ years of experience with Data Architecture and Management. Full knowledge of Hadoop Architecture and HDFS is a must Hands-on experience in Big Data Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL like Cassandra, CouchDB, HBase etc., Database like SQL Server, MySQL etc., Kafka 3+ years hands on architectural and leadership experience in design and deployment of data management solutions (data modeling, database design, data warehouse, middleware, enterprise services, operational data stores, MDM, data quality tools, application development, front-end data collection, identity/access management, and governance mechanisms) within a large enterprise environment. Experience in architectural design and modeling and knowledge of data modeling and understanding of different data structures and their benefits and limitations under particular use cases Strong knowledge of Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Lifecycle Management and Privacy Principles. 3+ years of experience with agile or other rapid application development methods. Financial Services, or other regulated industry experience Proven analytical and problem solving skills. Strong design and coding skills Strong organizational, interpersonal and multitasking skills with ability to balance competing priorities. Excellent relationship building skills; ability to interface with a variety of stakeholders. Should have excellent relationship building skills, communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Should be assertive, able to resolve conflicts and gain consensus in a cross functional team of stakeholders Strong knowledge of Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Lifecycle Management and Privacy Principles Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods. Coach / mentor other team members as appropriate Why choose TCF? Established in 1923, TCF has maintained a strong foundation. TCF has over 340 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Indiana, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail and commercial banking services. TCF also conducts commercial leasing, indirect auto finance, and equipment finance business in all 50 states, and commercial inventory finance business in all 50 states and Canada. Our Benefits TCF encourages open employee communications and promotes from within whenever possible. We offer competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits plan, and opportunities for career advancement. For more details on our benefits, click on the Employee Benefits link on our career page. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or other status protected by applicable law. TCF is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Primary Location : USA-Minnesota-Plymouth-Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N Work Locations : Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N 55441