Req ID: 21285 Shift: Rotating Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary A System Analyst I is an entry level position in the System Analyst job family. A person in this position will be required to work with a team of analysts to provide tier two support for their customers. Performs basic system configuration changes and maintenance to support the lifecycle of the application. Job Responsibilities 1\. Performs routine operational support, maintenance and system configuration as defined in departmental operating procedures. 2\. Identifies, analyzes and resolves data and system issues of low complexity. 3\. Works under direct supervision in support of team initiatives. 4\. Gathers requirements, develops specifications prepares documentation. 5\. Participates in the development, validation and execution of test plans. 6\. Performs 24/7 on call support if applicable. 7\. Communicates effectively with clients and colleagues. 8\. May be required to travel to/from and work in the various CHOP locations, including patient care areas. 9\. May be required to travel for mandatory certifications. 10\. May be designated a “Health Care Worker” 11\. Understand and comply with all enterprise and IS departmental information security policies, procedures and standards. 12\. Support the integration of information security in the development, design, and implementation of Hospital Technology Resources that process, transmit, or store CHOP information. 13\. Support all compliance activities related to state, federal regulatory requirements, healthcare accreditation standards, and all other applicable regulations that govern the use and disclosure of patient, financial, or other confidential information. Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelors of/in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or other Health Care related field Required Experience: Relevant experience (0-1 years) within a healthcare environment Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Knowledge of Epic Health Care software preferred Additional Technical Requirements Excellent communication and teamwork skills. Basic problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. Proficient in Microsoft or other relevant office based products Demonstrated ability to build relationships and work collaboratively. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu