The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute (DLI) team is searching for an exceptional curriculum developer to craft hands-on training content. In this role, you will collaborate with internal and external subject matter experts to create project-based learning experiences that teach developers and data scientists how to solve challenging problems in the field of autonomous vehicles with deep learning. What you'll be doing: Develop hands-on training for developers, researchers, and data scientists on the Deep Learning Institute content development team Collaborate with internal and external subject matter experts to create project-based training specific to the challenges faced in the field of autonomous vehicles Deliver high-quality workshops to internal technical audiences to test and validate the curriculum Teach instructors how to deliver the content you create as a world class learning experience What we need to see: Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering, or equivalent experience 1+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: computer vision, visual geometry, LIDAR perception,or SLAM 6+ months of experience with deep learning Ability to work multi-functionally across many levels of a matrixed organization Prior success handling multiple projects at a time Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience building in-depth, hands-on training for a technical audience Strength presenting to technical audiences and/or prior teaching experience Strong communication and interpersonal skills MS degree in computer science/engineering or similar, and 2 plus years of industry experience 3+ years of experience of machine learning or deep learning experience 2+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: computer vision, visual geometry, LIDAR perception, and/or SLAM Experience in deep learning applications for autonomous vehicles NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are growing our company, and growing our teams with the smartest people in the world. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning