We are seeking Technical Support Representative to join our OnBoard Support team here at Jack Henry & Associates. In this role, you will provide product support to customers via the telephone and/or internet. Additional responsibilities will include providing the highest level of service to resolve the customer's issue and restore the customer to fully functioning status, while strengthening the customer-JHA relationship. About Our Team Our organization provides and supports customer and account origination solutions through the StreamLine, OnBoard, and Argo product lines. The services and products we provide, facilitate customer and account origination through robust host and third party integration, creating efficiencies in the account opening process by reducing redundant data entry, assuring compliant transactions through business logic and integrated business partner solutions. As a member of the OnBoard Installation team, we conduct the installation and training of the OnBoard Loans and Deposits platform systems for SilverLake and CIF 20/20 banks. We also manage any merger or migration projects involving the StreamLine platform system - for Loans and Deposits. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5 years of experience working in a bank, credit union, with JHA products or deposit operations. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Associate or Bachelor’s degree. Experience in Deposit Operations and New Account Origination. Experience working in a customer facing positon. Knowledge of standard banking regulatory disclosure requirements and customer notification requirements helpful. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Provides level one troubleshooting. Accurately assesses the customer's product issue or problem. Asks the user well thought out or detailed questions and carefully listens to the user's response to fully comprehend the need, product issue, and best avenue for resolving the problem. Researches customer problems/issues to increase personal knowledge and familiarity with the supported product and to provide the highest level of support possible. Keeps current on most recent changes and/or upgrades. Identifies and resolves application and service issues and any other questions that may arise. Answers general application questions. Provides appropriate personnel a precise understanding of user's issues when the problem needs to be escalated to a higher level. Monitors incoming cases and emails and resolves in accordance with Service Level Standards (SLS). Uses available support tools to assist the customer and/or recreate the issue. Participates in training programs to continuously improve product knowledge and service skills. Equal Employment Opportunity _Applicants for U.S. based positions with Jack Henry & Associates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position._ _Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace._ _Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply._