Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. Snapchat is the camera used by millions of people every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly curated content from top publishers. In short, we are a passionate team working hard to build the best platform in the world for communication and storytelling. We’re looking for a Key Accounts Data Analyst to join Team Snapchat! You will be tasked with creating inventive, data-based approaches to solving difficult business problems, specifically for global, key accounts within the sales organization. Working from our Los Angeles, CA headquarters, you’ll collaborate with the Sales, Revenue Product, and Product Marketing teams to transform business questions into solutions backed by data analysis to maximize revenue for our most strategic global client relationships. What you'll do: Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and presenting data to identify insights that will directly lead to maximizing revenue opportunities on Snap for our key global client partnerships Translate insights into valuable product and business recommendations tailored to specific clients Partner with the Sales, Product, and Engineering teams to build a blueprint to translate insights into opportunities for global key accounts as the business grows Build and maintain reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our ad products and audiences Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, economics, computer Science, or other quantitative field 3+ years of experience performing product-oriented quantitative analysis, preferably for a social media and/or mobile technology company Fluency in SQL, Excel, and Python A basic understanding of statistical analysis, as well as experience with packages such as R, MATLAB, etc. Preferred qualifications: Advanced technical degrees preferred, or MBA with demonstrated technical experience Experience working in a data-focused role at a consumer or enterprise technology company Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner Excellent interpersonal skills to build relationships across the organization Excellent communication skills with the ability to articulate data to help inform business decisions Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a team matrix environment At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations- ext@snap.com ( accommodations-ext@snap.com ).