Rally Health is all about putting health in the hands of the individual. It’s our mission, and it drives everything we do, which is to empower people with easy-to-use online and mobile tools that help them take charge of their health and health care, from improving their diet and fitness to selecting health benefits, and choosing the right doctor at the right price for their needs. Our culture is built on a deep and sincere commitment to helping people live healthier lives. To do this, we are committed to innovating at every level. As our president and COO David Ko says, “We are a company that continuously innovates. It cannot end. It has to be in everything we do, which means that some of the things we’re going to do are not going to work – and that’s okay. We’re not trying to build something that is churn and burn. We’re building something that follows consumers over their lifetime.” Our tech stack is modern, in public cloud (AWS), microservices based large distributed system and is quality driven. We believe in continuously evaluating our tech stack, have an easy process of suggesting and adopting new technologies. Our engineers enjoy being empowered and accountable. Set of technologies consist of: Scala, Play, Akka, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, ElasticSearch AWS, Docker, Mesos, Marathon, Jenkins Kafka, Spark, HDFS, Avro, Airflow and Redshift Responsibilities: Architect, develop, and deploy infrastructure on which data gets collected, aggregated moved, cleansed, transformed and analyzed Operationalize data insights —from research into fault-tolerant, production-scale deployments Apply grit and inventiveness, both in writing new software and also deploying existing tools Work closely with data reporting, BI Analyst and product team to understand their needs and create a platform that empowers them Work closely with Product and Project Managers to understand the features, do technical assessment, design, code test and deliver. Qualifications: 5+ years of prior experience for the Senior Software Engineer role, or 8+ years of prior experience for a Principal Software Engineer role Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fields Strong coding skills and experience in shipping complex software to production Proficiency in one of the programming languages like Scala or Java Strong SQL abilities and experience with massive relational database systems. Experience with a DW technology (ETL, SQL, Redshift, Teradata, Informatica, Talend etc) and relevant data modeling standards. Experience building ETL and familiarity with design principles Experience with distributed systems and application design in a SOA environment Being analytical with strong attention to detail Being a self-starter with a strong sense of ownership Knowledge of high-scale performance and optimization tools and techniques Experience with AWS (configuring, deploying, managing, monitoring) services and distributed applications Why join Rally? On top of an innovative work atmosphere and a chance to help people change their lives, we offer competitive pay, daily catered lunches, and an extensive benefits package for all full-time employees (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). In addition, offer the ability to grow, while truly making an impact in the healthcare system. Rally Health is committed to ensuring that its workforce reflects America’s diverse population. Rally Health knows that such diversity will enrich us with the talent, energy, perspective and inspiration it needs to achieve its mission. Rally Health believes in a policy of equal employment and opportunity for all people based on merit and commitment to the principles of diversity. It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals in all job titles, and administer all programs, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, genetic information, disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, union affiliation, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Applicants who require an accommodation related to the application and/or review process should notify Talent Acquisition (recruiting@rallyhealth.com). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.