_Job Summary:_ CSE is looking for a motivated, detail-oriented, and organized individual to join the Distributed Energy Resources (DER) Technology Integration team. The DER Technology Integration team is made up of project managers, specialists, and coordinators, who work with public, private and nonprofit partners to lead clean energy demonstration projects that assess, test and prove innovative approaches to achieving deep energy savings in buildings. In this new role for the team, the Operations and Compliance Coordinator will work with team leadership to ensure projects and programs are run efficiently and effectively. This role is ideal for someone who is equally passionate about clean energy and sustainability issues as they are about keeping people and projects on task and organized. The successful candidate will have a “think outside the box” mentality and an interest in organizing data and information to continuously improve processes and systems. The Operations and Compliance Coordinator will work with many teams and positions at CSE and therefore must enjoy working with people and be able to demonstrate strong customer service experience. Other duties and special projects may be assigned, so flexibility and openness to change are essential to this role. _Essential Functions and Responsibilities:_ Under the supervision of a Senior Project Manager and working closely with others on the team and at CSE, the Operations and Compliance Coordinator will assist with: Team Operations Ensure program execution and deliverables align with organizational policies and processes. Work with project managers and CSE’s Project Management Office (PMO) to ensure the team is optimizing CSE’s newly rolled out NetSuite system for project, budget, and internal management functions. Proactively identify ways to leverage NetSuite and other tools to meet project, team, and organizational reporting and project management needs. Support project invoicing, working closely with Project Managers and Accounting to improve and streamline invoicing processes. Support project reporting, working with Project Managers to measure project performance and report on key performance indicators. Work closely with the Sr. Project Manager to standardize best practices across the DER Technology Integration team. Contract Compliance Ensure project execution and deliverables align with contract policies and processes. Track administrative requirements and compliance processes for all funded work including invoicing, subcontractors, travel, etc. and communicate changes and updates to relevant parties (CSE staff and subcontractors). Ensure all required reporting and invoicing is accurate, complete and is compliant with contract requirements. Establish and manage contract, funding and payment reporting requirements and procedures for subcontracts working closely with CSE’s Contracts and Compliance Specialist. _Qualifications, Experience & Skills:_ Required 2+ years of administrative support experience in medium to large organizations. Bachelors Degree. Motivated to create a positive impact on the world with a passion for clean energy and sustainability. Experience with state and federal government contracting. Ability to be proactive in identifying areas of improvement and solving problems. Strong analytical skills, particularly with financial data and budgets. Strong interpersonal and written communications skills. Demonstrated fluency in using standard office software packages (MS Office: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook) to create well-formatted documents and materials. Experience using ERP software.