NXP Semiconductors enables secure connections and infrastructure for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, we are driving innovation in the secure connected vehicle, end-to-end security & privacy and smart connected solutions markets. Sales Operations Sr. ANALYST Description Analyst will provide comprehensive and detailed analysis of direct and indirect (distribution) opportunities, sales pipeline and conversion rate. The focus will be on the entire lifecycle of funnel management from identification to win to revenue. Key focus will be on identifying activities to increase design win conversion to revenue for both direct and distribution. This is a global headquarters role that involves close collaboration with the global sales teams, sales operations team, business lines, and Finance. Reports to Director of Sales Business Intelligence Job Summary Support target setting through evaluation of pipeline health, open opportunities, BL input, account trends, NPIs Analyze conversion of design wins to revenue and/or resales. Measure against projections at time of win, and ongoing updates. Support the monthly S&OP forecasting cycle including alignment to design win pipeline. Measure and analyze ongoing updates to the key opportunities to determine impacts (timing and revenue contribution). Identify key inflection points based on the opportunity pipeline. Leverage early milestones (opportunity creation up to design win) as early predictor of success for NPI (new product introductions). Streamline monthly design win reviews Develop design win loss reporting and analysis, including pricing and competitor. Publish official conversion rate actuals. Suggest improvements to pipeline management at NXP. Collaborate with business partners and report creators to enhance standardized reporting Create standardized formats and cadence to communicate trends and insights. Perform ad hoc analysis and support for Sales, BL, Supply Chain, Finance, and Sales Operations Management. Job Qualifications 3-8 years’ experience as an analyst in Finance or Sales Operations Proven analytical skills in Excel: vlookup, index/match, PowerQuery, PowerPivot Demonstrated desire to learn new software and tools. Self-starter. Self-starter with a pro-active approach to problem solving. Working knowledge of SQL query language preferred Strong communication skills. Must be able to clearly summarize insights for management Experience with SFDC (Salesforce) and ModelN strongly preferred Experience with Tableau / Xactly is a plus Experience in semiconductor is a plus Job Location This position can be located in one of these locations: Austin, TX San Jose, CA Southern California may also be considered. NXP is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer regardless of age, color, national origin, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, status as a disabled veteran and/or veteran of the Vietnam Era or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, NXP will provide reasonable accommodations for otherwise qualified disabled individuals.