Position Information Job Title Institutional Research Analyst I Department Institutional Research Full Time/Part Time Full-Time Requisition Number S18493 Open Date 06/18/2018 Close Date Salary Information Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications. Work Schedule Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Benefits Eligible Yes Eligible for Overtime No Position Summary The Institutional Research Analyst I performs technical and professional work in support of the Office of Institutional Research providing the university with data for informed decision making through comprehensive data analysis and reporting. This position contributes to required external reporting; develops and maintains internal publications including documentation of procedures; designs, formats and compiles data required for development and production of specialty reports; and formulates responses to data requests from internal and external stakeholders. Education Required Bachelor's Degree Concentration / Degree Type Prefer quantitative background. Substitution for Education Requirement Experience may not be substituted for the education requirement. Education Preferred Strong analytical skills with coursework in statistics (including regression analysis), and computer science. Experience Required 2 years Type of Experience Relevant work experience in data reporting and statistical analysis. Substitution for Experience Requirement May substitute additional related education, above and beyond what is required, on an equivalent year for year basis in lieu of the experience requirement. Experience Preferred Experience in higher education setting is preferred. License/Certification Required None License/Certification Preferred None Skills Required Ability to work in a fast-paced, demanding environment. Proficient in Microsoft Office products (Excel and Powerpoint). Proficient in a business intelligence software such as Tableau, and/or a statistical software such as SPSS, SAS, or R. Proven quantitative and qualitative research skills. Work under limited supervision and follow through on assignments. Strong statistical and analytical skills with high attention to detail, accuracy and appropriate use of data for question asked. Collaborate and be effective working with diverse populations and with all constituencies of Rice. Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Exhibit organizational skills and be detail oriented. Think critically and creatively, have a high standard of integrity, and be motivated to incorporate best practices into the organizational culture and work products. The ability to collect, organize, analyze, interpret, identify relevant trends and present information in a meaningful manner using large, datasets and databases. Present effectively a wide-range of data visually for diverse audiences. Skills Preferred Ability to display data in graphic and table formats that are clear to the reader. Customer service oriented. Internal / External Contacts Campus representatives Colleagues at other universities and participation in affiliated institutional research organizations Physical Demands Work requires extensive use of computer. Working Conditions Office setting. Security Sensitive Yes