Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Job Summary: Join the Comcast Xfinity mobile team! We're a small team with a big mission to provide a value added wireless service to Xfinity customers. We're currently looking for a Defect Engineer. You'll be a part of the delivery team that owns critical quality control operations, working on technology initiatives that push the boundaries of customer experience and interaction.In this role, you will collaborate with cross-functional teams (management, web, mobile and API developers, UX designers, test engineers, operations engineers, product and business managers) to test features related to Xfinity mobile applications. You must be a strong technical leader, an independent, critical and analytic thinker, have excellent communication skills and rapidly adapt to changing business and customer demands.Employees at all levels are expected to: Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job. Own the customer experience-think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services Know your stuff-be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences Win as a team-make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas Be an active part of the Net Promoter System-a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company-by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers Drive results and growth Respect and promote inclusion and diversity Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities. Core Responsibilities: Perform Gap Analysis: Review Business requirements and ensure they directly translate to technical requirements and solutions developed by the Engineering team. Create, review, execute, document and manage test strategies, test plans, re-usable test scenarios across both In-Sprint (DevOps) and End to End Integration Testing Coordinate defect management and triage functions, work cross-functionally to resolve issues and escalate to leadership as necessary. Responsible for the preparation of test environments and test data. Provide regular communication of project status and issues requiring escalation. Spear-head and manage Production releases and offer In-window testing support for both planned and unplanned releases (outages) Assist in providing guidance and mentorship for junior testers. Provide technical leadership and consultation with regards to quality practices, procedures and techniques. Write automated test scripts that allow for repeatable, reliable testing solutions. Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance. Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) and overtime as necessary. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Education Level: Bachelor's Degree or EquivalentField of Study: Engineering, Computer ScienceYears of Experience: Generally requires 5-8 years related experience Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer