Variety and Challenge. Growth and Opportunity. In the retail business, we move fast. We’re always adapting, evolving and innovating. And the fast pace brings variety and challenge, along with continued growth and opportunity. Welcome to TJX, a Fortune 100 company and the world’s leading off-price retailer of apparel and homeware worldwide. Our retail chains include TK Maxx in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, Poland, Austria and the Netherlands, as well as HomeSense and tkmaxx.com in the United Kingdom; TK Maxx in Australia; TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra Trading Post and Homesense, as well as tjmaxx.com and sierratradingpost.com in the United States; and Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada. In 2016, TJX had over $33 billion in sales, more than 3,800 stores, and 235,000 Associates. As a retailer committed to growth, success is always in style at TJX! The TJX Companies, Inc. Database Administrator IV Marlborough, MA Duties: Design and perform database administration maintenance tasks. Analyze, test and implement changes and enhancements to databases and Infosphere suite. Provide support for complex activities including off-shift support. Contribute to technical design in partnership with developers. Collaborate with technology and infrastructure staff on installs/upgrades and job designs. Perform ETL jobs performance and tuning activities. Create UNIX shell scripts in order to enhance/maintain current job flows and ETL infrastructure. Demonstrate expertise in Infosphere security administration. Recommend technical changes, Datastage and Netezza performance and tuning, and access design strategies. Recommend best practices for software lifecycle management. Deploy and troubleshoot Datastage. Install and upgrade system software. Perform day to day administration tasks. Requirements: Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Management, Computer Science, Business Administration, Chemistry, Engineering (any field), or a related field plus eight (8) years of experience in Database Administration or support experience to include analysis, design, and implementation of databases to support client server or web based business systems. Must have 8 years of experience in each of the following (experience may be gained concurrently): Infosphere/Datastage administration and maintenance Designing Datastage code design with developers Performing tuning of Infosphere/Datastage jobs Database Management Systems (DBMS) functions Performing analytical functions, tasks, methodology Sarbanes-Oxley and PCI compliance requirements Designing and implementing database disaster recovery solutions Managing database software licensing with vendors 40 hours per week 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday - Friday. Qualified applicants please submit resumes to: Kelly Huff, Strategy Specialist, Immigration, Ref. 138589, The TJX Companies, Inc., 500 Old Connecticut Path, 1D, Framingham, MA 01701. What's In It For You? As proud as we are of our past success, it’s our future that excites us most. We strive to provide opportunities for growth, recognition and a competitive salary and benefits package. Share our determination to think bolder and bigger, and be part of our future. Apply now. Nearest Major Market: Boston