Overview Building a career at National Geographic | Fine Art Galleries means joining a world class team of professionals. It means collaborating with people who are just as committed to excellence as you are. More than anything else, it means adding your contribution and taking your career to new levels. Our people are truly passionate about delivering results. We work together, share ideas, and make an impact for our clients. No wonder we’re experiencing incredible growth and success. Responsibilities Be a part of the National Geographic legacy, where every day matters. Our galleries are places of learning where conservation of natural resources, the importance of natural places and the wildlife that inhabit the world come to life with every photographic creation. This is not your standard art gallery - at National Geographic | Fine Art Galleries, we offer the unique opportunity to be part of a world-class institution with the opportunity for unlimited earning potential. Join us in making a difference. When you join our team, you become a part of a strong global brand and we invite you to unleash your inner explorer and unlock your infinite curiosity about the world. National Geographic Partners proudly returns 27% of proceeds to the non-profit National Geographic Society creating a cycle of storytelling and philanthropy committed to research, science, conservation and exploration. We are looking for dynamic and driven Fine Art Sales Consultants with to join our team in Santa Monica, CA. Do you want to be excited to go to work every day? Do you have an appetite for high-end sales? Do you have a passion for selling unique fine art photography from recognized award-winning photographers? Can you build and maintain effective relationships with clients? If this sounds like you, we encourage you to explore our open positions. Qualifications National Geographic | Fine Art Galleries is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at National Geographic | Fine Art Galleries will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. National Geographic | Fine Art Galleries does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age or any other characteristic protected by law (referred to as “protected status”).