What You’ll Do Hands-on experience with next-generation technology in Cisco’s Advanced Labs Craft services that help customers manage their networks while providing strategic and tactical support Build networks consisting of an array of Cisco equipment every day Monitor and track network recreate requests Support the lab infrastructure Collaborate with peers and mentor new co-ops Receive on-the-job training and build your skills as you earn industry-leading certifications (expected to receive CCNA by the end of the co-op term) Team Description Let’s change the world together. Work directly with our customers and gain hands on experience and exposure into their networks. Be immersed in a small close-knit group of cohorts, to collaborate on a variety of projects that have a real impact. You’ll learn from industry experts. We value your ideas, perspective on how to get things done. Work on network infrastructures. Deliver business solutions and technology solutions from data, security, mobility, and the cloud. Qualifications Actively pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master's degree in a technical field, such as Networking, Computer Science, Information Technology, Electrical/Computer Engineering or a similar field and you can work full-time hours for 5-6 months. An associate’s degree with related experience will be considered. Minimum GPA of 3.0 Passionate about networking, information technology or computer science Knowledge of adjacent technologies, and the achievement of Cisco Certifications (e.g., CCNA, CCNP) or industry recognized certifications is a plus Strong analytical and problem solving skills with ability to troubleshoot technical problems Ability to work independently, multi-task, take initiative and succeed in a dynamic team environment Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their own unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything - People, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco univservsecjobs ServicesAcademy Networking CCNA @WeAreCisco