Develop Crucial Middleware Components for Next Generation ADAS and Autonomous Driving Solutions Expand Your Skills in Cutting Edge Technologies at Growing Global Industry Leader Bring your programming expertise to an innovative market leader that is shaping the present and future of ADAS and autonomous driving. Here's why: You will expand your skills - and stay ahead of the curve \- as you develop middleware in support of emerging autonomous driving solutions In addition to developing new features and enhancing existing ones, you will get hands-on with real test vehicles , giving you real-world insight into functionality Your influence will extend beyond middleware and we encourage all team members to become familiar with the entire platform You know from the news that it is essential to get this technology right, and Visteon is uniquely positioned to deliver to high standards - we're looking for professionals who are up for the challenge As the middleware team grows we may be looking for proven performers to step into leadership roles, and you might also pursue career paths in other areas of Visteon A technology-driven company focused on cockpit electronics and the road to autonomous driving. Visteon is at the epicenter of the connected car driving revolution, with one of the broadest cockpit electronics portfolios in the industry. Visteon designs, engineers and manufactures vehicle cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions that deliver a rich, connected experience for drivers and passengers. Visteon is well-positioned to address emerging cockpit electronics trends, with solutions including Phoenix™ infotainment, SmartCore™ domain controllers and an autonomous driving approach that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning. Named a top-five Tier 1 supplier for connected car solutions by ABI Research, Visteon is technology- driven, flexible and enjoys a diversified customer base and broad global footprint. Video: Visteon's DriveCore technology is an autonomous end-to-end driving platform. You will support one of key three components: DriveCore Runtime - a framework and middleware that transfers PC development to embedded software. The Requirements To meet the basic qualification for this role, you will have legal authorization to work permanently in the United States for any employer. In addition, to be a good fit for the Software Engineer opportunity, you will have: 3 to 5 years of C software development / programming experience 3+ years of embedded middleware development experience Extensive knowledge of operating system internals Good understanding of computer architecture and multi-core, multi-processor systems Understanding of networking protocols, operating systems and kernel implementation Experience in the automotive industry and familiarity with functional safety requirements Good communication skills Top candidates also will have good working knowledge in at most of the following: Shared memory concepts OOD/OOP, templates, design patterns, C++, IPC & RPC mechanisms, socket programming, client-server & publish-subscribe models Multi-threaded and multi-process development and synchronization Data structures and distributed systems POSIX-compliant operating systems such as Linux, QNX, etc. You should also be willing and able to travel 5% to 10% of the time. The successful candidate will enjoy working with a global team that crosses a variety of cultures. Because team members reside in numerous time zones, the work schedule may require flexibility and meeting during the early morning or evening hours. The Role Platform Overview Visteon recently introduced the DriveCore™ Autonomous Driving Platform to accelerate adoption of self-driving technology. DriveCore is the first solution to allow automakers to build autonomous driving solutions quickly and in an open collaboration model. DriveCore was designed as a complete technology platform, consisting of the hardware, in-vehicle middleware and PC- based software toolset needed to develop machine learning algorithms for autonomous driving applications of Level 3 and above. Building on Visteon's success with a centralized computing approach, DriveCore will provide automakers a fail-safe domain controller, with a high degree of computing power scalability, which supports the integration of data from multiple camera, Lidar and radar sensors. Role Overview Reporting to the Senior Manager, Advanced Technology Group, you will be a key member of the middleware team based in Detroit. You will interact with the global DriveCore and middleware teams regularly to support ongoing development of DriveCore software. As you get up to speed you will work with existing code and add to it, and very soon you can expect to work on entirely new features and modules. Your responsibilities will include: Understanding high-level requirements and deducing low-level requirements Designing and documenting the software Developing new software modules from the ground up Expanding existing software to meet the requirements Rapid prototyping of software for POC Writing modular code that is testable and maintainable Note: this description is intended to give you a general overview of the position and is not an exhaustive listing of duties and responsibilities. What's in It for You Important role While other products promote one or two key features, autonomous driving systems rely on many components working together, and the middleware is no exception. Besides developing middleware components, during integration cycle, you'll play a key role in working with other teams to ensure good integration with middleware. Additionally you will get the opportunity to go into the field to monitor performance of middleware during test drives. Focusing on the future Our corporate strategy involves focusing on emerging areas in the automotive industry. This strategy is driven by constant innovation, and you will work on the leading edge in ADAS system integration. We are recognized across the industry for innovation. For example, our SmartCore™ Cockpit Domain Controller earned the German Center of Automotive Management's top innovation prize in 2017. In addition, Visteon: Is the only pure-play cockpit electronics supplier, with the broadest portfolio in the industry Ranks among the top five connected car companies Was the first to market with a cockpit domain controller Regularly integrates advanced technologies needed for an autonomous future Leads the market in digital instrument clusters, automotive information displays, combiner head-up displays and other products Professional development Working at Visteon is not a destination, but a journey in which our employees can develop their strengths and advance their careers while helping a global, technology-focused company achieve its goals. We have programs that range from mentorships and rotational programs to continued education benefits. Visteon is dedicated to performance leadership - employees are encouraged to set developmental goals every year, and are rewarded for their commitment. Our technical ladder program develops strategic core competencies in a wide range of engineering disciplines. Important niche in expanding market Visteon DriveCore™ fills an important system integration gap, providing scalable computing hardware and middleware that enable AI algorithms and frameworks to collaborate and communicate with processors, sensors and HD maps. We anticipate a fast-growing market for features like highway pilot/adaptive cruise control, parking assist, blind spot detection, driver monitoring, night vision and lane departure warning - combined these features could represent a $32.4 billion market by 2025. Strategic leadership Visteon is collaborating with customers, technology partners and others in establishing an ecosystem and building a successful ADAS-to-autonomous roadmap. We are making focused investments in disruptive technologies. For example, we are the only Tier 1 founder partner for the American Center for Mobility, which will be the largest US purpose-built facility focused on testing, verification and self-certification of connected and automated vehicles on a 500-acre site in Southeast Michigan (7 miles from Visteon). Stability and growth We have a strong book of business that projects into 2020, and a customer base that includes almost every automotive manufacturer on the planet. You will find Visteon on every Ford vehicle. Our revenues in 2017 were $3.15 billion, and 2017 is shaping up to be another strong year for us. Video: The DriveCore platform you will support is an integral part of Visteon's commitment to staying on the leading edge of the epic shift toward connected cars and autonomous vehicles. Highlights from our presentations at CES 2018 feature DriveCore along with fully reconfigurable instrument clusters, advanced digital display technologies, driver monitoring, ADAS integration and the industry's first cockpit domain controller. Keys to Success While we recognize that there will be a learning curve, you should take a proactive approach to getting up to speed quickly. Many others on the larger DriveCore team will be new, so we'll all be learning together. We'll also look to you to continue learning on an ongoing basis - our success depends upon our staying on the leading edge. As with any new program, there will be some ambiguity as we implement structures, and those structures will evolve - flexibility and adaptability will be important. As an auto industry veteran, you're familiar with the complexity. Every deliverable has to meet high customer expectations as well as industry standards and regulatory guidelines for safety and quality. As you both develop and document code, you will need to manage a number of details while also keeping an eye on the big picture. In addition, in order to be an outstanding Software Engineer, you will: Combine analytical skills with creativity in solving problems Ensure the delivery of top quality results in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines Promote collaboration and knowledge sharing within your team, and with other teams Achieve goals independently, but also contribute as a team player Remain willing to roll up your sleeves and dig into the code Share our passion for staying on the leading edge of automotive electronics About Us About Visteon Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions for most of the world’s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of $3.15 billion in 2017. Learn more at www.visteon.com. Visteon is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Our Vision A top-three cockpit electronics player delivering a rich, connected cockpit experience for every car from luxury to entry