Everett,Washington,United States HAACML Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) Supply Chain (SC) Commodities Contract organization has a new position for a Sr. Manager (Level L) leading employees performing activities related to committing company resources, building and maintaining supplier relationships and overall contract management. Responsibilities will include leading Contracting affordability, Lean Procurement Group, data analytics, supplier activities related to Standards, Castings, Forgings, and Boeing's distribution programs. Additional responsibilities include developing bid packages, proposal analysis, negotiation strategies, and contract execution as well as developing and maintaining relationships and partnerships with suppliers, stakeholders including Supply Chain Strategy, Operations and direct reports. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are business professionals, engineers and technicians, skilled business leaders, scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Required: Bachelor's Degree or Higher (prefer degree in Business or Supply Chain). This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Experience with contract management. 3+ years of experience with proposal development and contract negotiations. 1+ years of experience working directly with suppliers and developing/deploying supplier strategies. 3+ years of experience leading and managing diverse teams. Desired: International Supply Chain Management experience. Ability to lead and motivate diverse teams within Boeing and the external supply base. 1+ years of experience working with international supplier/partners on multi-discipline engineering integration efforts. Experience working with international suppliers. Experience with International contracts. Experience with Supply Chain Operations. Yes, 25 % of the Time Supply Mgt & Proc Manager with Direct Reports No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company