Sr. Data Scientist Requisition ID: 1708463 Description Responsibilities: Collaborate in a corporate group that develops, researches, and conducts strategic analytics projects that have a companywide impact on engineering practices and field operations. Candidates will have the opportunity to develop data driven prognostic models that will lay the foundation for NOV’s Condition Based Maintenance Program, and Optimized Operations. Leverage past experience and track record in implementing data analytics solutions for challenging engineering and reliability problems on NOV’s product lines Work with Big Data infrastructure, Engineering, and Operations in order to develop a scalable and sustainable analytics process. Data Science responsibilities include: Data mining, Feature Extractions, Model Selection, Model Optimization, Validation, and Model Deployment. Model experience include but are not restricted to: Neural Networks, Support Vector Machine, Genetic Algorithms, Fuzzy logic, Kalman filtering, Weibull Distribution. Develop experience on NOV’s various project specific product lines. Knowledge management and effective solution delivery. Risk, benefit, and cost assessments of pre-existing and suggested engineering practices. Qualifications Job Requirements: Ph. D. in a quantitative discipline (Engineering, Computer Science,..) with 2-5 years of experience, with a proven track record in the domain of Artificial Intelligence and predictive analytics. A proven track record in data driven reliability and operation efficiency is a plus. Skills in parallel computing (Hadoop, Spark), R, Python. Skills in advanced visualization using open source tools. Experience in industrial equipment is a large plus. (Rotating machinery, Hydraulic systems, structural components...). Solid technical, analytical, and empirical skills. Project Management Experience. Proven record in conducting research and producing viable solutions for engineering problems. Job : Science Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Posting :