Job Description: This position is responsible for configuring Corporate Real Estate and Facilities (CRE&F) systems including but not limited to updating/creating business objects, process/workflows, UI, notifications, security, etc. as required by business requirements. Identifies and manages implementation of process improvements or automation opportunities with a key focus on user experience, data integrity and operational efficiencies. Responsibilities: Analyzes the impact of configuration changes and vendor releases to determine impacts to core CRE&F systems and downstream consumers of CRE&F data. Performs thorough problem analysis, including problem re-creation, resulting in resolution of system-related issues. Troubleshoots systems and integration issues by identifying root cause (e.g. data, technical, network, etc.). Partners with vendors, enterprise IT teams, HR and CRE&F back-office and end-users to design, test and implement process and system change requests and break-fixes. Develops, reviews, and updates system, process and security documentation related to system changes ensuring thorough and accurate information. Serves as the go-to person and subject matter expert (SME) for configuration, business use, as well as capabilities and limitations of CRE&F systems. Qualifications: Familiar with SQL and data warehouses methodologies. Understanding of core CRE&F including transaction management, occupancy planning, real estate strategies, facilities management and construction management. Experience in software/system development life-cycle phases; requirements, analysis, design, testing, implementation, deployment and system upgrade. Advance understanding of MS productivity software including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Project and Access. Excellent data analytics and reporting skills. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Competence with multiple software development lifecycles, i.e. SCRUM, Waterfall Experience with Tableau or PowerBi Experience with software application development or support Excellent customer service and communication skills. Desired Ability to manage multiple efforts and competing priorities. Ability to drive tasks and open action items to completion. Proactive and possessing the ability to work independently and manage time effectively. Able to work under pressure, deal with deadlines and demonstrate flexibility on the job. Ability to maintain confidentiality and professionalism. Comfortable with team-based work structure. The ability to clearly define problems and articulate solutions in writing or within a group setting. Education Minimum Required Bachelor Degree Equivalent work experience is required. LI-JS2 Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.