Description: Providence is calling a Collaboration Technology Support Specialist II to Providence Health & Services in Renton, WA. We are seeking a Collaboration Technology Specialist II to provide operational support, service and leadership to assist Providence Health and Services (PH&S;) staff for the effective utilization of collaborative technologies. This includes daily operational support, configuring, launching and monitoring bridged videoconferences; consulting and improving productivity through advanced multimedia technologies; development and presentation of written, audio and visual training curriculum; implementation of work management methodologies through coordinating process improvement for changes or adoptions to applications in conjunction of collaboration technologies. In this position you will have the following responsibilities: Lead contributor for Subject Matter Expert material. Providesvirtual training to appropriate trainers, support staff and PH&S; employeeson use of collaboration related video technologies, processes, hardwareand software. Consults with event planners, project managers or meetingcoordinators of small and large events to assist in coordination oftechnology integration. Exhibit vital role in the enhancement and scalabilityof the video infrastructure as it translates business needs into technicalsolutions. Demonstrates leadership in the adoption of advanced solutionswith peer IT groups delivering video, unified communications, live eventsand broadcast services. Serve as a resource to project managers and leaders toinform and assist with implementing projects related to CollaborationTechnology (webinars, streaming, recording, editing, information sharing,etc.); processes and change management. Accountable for assembling project plans and teamworkassignments, directing work efforts on a daily basis, identifying andcommunicating resource needs, performing quality reviews, and escalatingfunctional, quality, timeline issues appropriately. Develop and catalog ITSM Service Desk knowledgearticles for future troubleshooting of technical issues pertaining tocollaborative technologies. Configure, test and certify video conference equipmentfor use in multi-point video conferences. In conjunction with Collab-AppsTeam, plan and perform preventative maintenance for scheduled down timesfor service issues, upgrades; new hardware and coordinate changes.Verification and validation of software releases. Create monthly infrastructure utilization reports byinterpreting raw data and generating Pivot Tables, customizing graphs andcharts for presentations, statistical analysis in a visually dynamic dashboardto be accessible to management and key personnel. Maintain video infrastructure and end point inventorydatabase with over 200 end points, tracking hardware assets, track hardwaremoves, maintenance logs and life-cycle refresh logs for enterprise-widebudget planning assistance. Assist in maintaining an accurate inventory ofall video equipment. Provide primary incident support for video conferencingand initial troubleshooting for Microsoft Lync. Utilize ticketing system(ITSM) to document, categorize and prioritize incidents to investigate anddiagnose critical and routine incidents. Available for variety of after hour support scheduleswhich may include 24x7 x365. Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: Undergraduate degree in any field, or, an Associate Degree in Computer Science,Information Systems or related discipline plus an equivalent combinationof industry related experience. 2 years progressively responsible experience in aCustomer Service role supporting technical applications or collaborativetechnologies. And any combination of: 2 years of small (small meetingsinclude those with support limited to one technical staff),executive-level meeting/event coordination & production experienceinvolving multiple audio and video technologies, or 2 years progressivelyresponsible experience as a Video Bridge Operator, supporting Polycom (orsimilar) technology and/or progressively responsible Business Analystexperience. Preferred qualificationsfor this position include: Undergraduate degree in any field and any Certificateof Completion through Polycom Learning Center (or similar) demonstratingadvanced video bridge software management training. All of the aforementioned required level 2 industryexperience, plus a solid working knowledge and experience with PH&Sstandard; SharePoint tools for marketing collaboration tools, posting andsharing of information About the department you will serve. Providence Strategic and Management Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for all eight regions of Providence Health & Services from Alaska to California. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/ Our Mission As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Category: Information Technology Location: Washington-Renton Req ID: 191222