Job Description Wells Fargo is looking for a Sr. Data Integration engineer with expertise in Informatica product stack that will primarily focus on implementing the application integration needs of Wells Fargo International banking platforms for Payment systems & Wholesale Lending applications. The candidate for this position would identify, assess, and solve complex business problems, where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. This position would closely follow the strategic direction set by senior management when establishing near term goals, although will have some latitude in decision-making. Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new assignments. Candidate has to analyze the requirements, participate and lead design and development sessions across teams. Duties also include hands-on programming, making design and architecture decisions from a delivery standpoint, build mock-ups and demonstrate them to the business users and others on the technology team. Support and maintenance of existing system, mentoring and on- boarding of new resources is also a required job function. Team focuses on batch based Informatica Integration as of today, however would like to expand to streaming ETL technologies. Additional responsibilities include – Hands on code development, analyze Functional/Business requirement docs, prepare Technical high & low level design, write code deployment scripts & plans, write & implement unit test cases POC writing using in Batch based ETL, Streaming ETL, Metadata management, Data quality, Data Visualization Attend project calls, support defect cycles, lead development in defect triage, support Production install Use diagnostic tools and vendor utilities to troubleshoot complex application problems to maintain or restore service or data to programs Collaborate with teams in different time zones (US & India) Understand BCP, quality assurance, information security and compliance requirements and analyze changes for risk to the environment. Participate in supporting change management tools for product code deploy & release planning Develop and participate in the adoption and evolution of high-quality code development standards. Support Production on rotation Ability to debug/diagnose existing code & provide code fixes & overall code optimization including for performance Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience 3+ years of Informatica experience 3+ years of data modeling experience Desired Qualifications Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications 2+ years development experience in Streaming technologies, such as Apache Spark 2+ years experience using Java UI technologies 7+ Informatica Product stack expertise 3+ Data warehousing experience 1+ years in Production On call support Exposure to Data Visualization technologies like Tableau, D3.js, etc. Hands on exposure to Hadoop ecosystem Hands On to udeploy, Github, Jenkins for code build & code management Strong communication skills Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related discipline Street Address AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ AZ-Chandler: 2700 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.