Mission Instructional Designer Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Instructional Designer who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Instructional Designer. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Gather, master, synthesize, and organize complex content from subject matter experts (SMEs), documentation, and individual research. Design and develop interactive and engaging instructional materials/activities (lessons, courses, modules, activities, exercises, exams) using a variety of tools and applications for WBTs/CBTs instructional format. Evaluate the effectiveness of instruction and instructional materials by performing audience analysis and developing surveys and other instruments to evaluate the data Additional responsibilities of the role include: Recommend strategies to improve instructional effectiveness. Analyze and interpret user requirements, technical specifications, application features, and functions to translate them into appropriate training formats. Perform independent, in-depth analysis on complex, mostly technical information and tell the story for the learner. Support all steps of front-end analysis to include analyzing customer needs, job performer requirements, and associated content. From this analysis you will establish rigorous performance objectives for the solution and identify the optimum type or types of solutions to meet customer requirements and budget and time constraints. Use established methodologies in all stages of the instructional design process, including needs assessment, analysis, design, development, implementation, and evaluation. Review products throughout analysis, design, and development for adherence to style guidelines, writing standards, and sensible course/task flow Qualifications Are You Qualified? Four (4) year degree in related field or certification in Instructional Design or related field; MA in Instructional Technology, Instructional Design or Training and Development preferred. Minimum of 3 – 5 years experience developing, analyzing, and measuring instructional training programs using CBT and WBT products for external customers Experience with e-learning applications Adobe Captivate (additional experience preferred in Lectora, ToolBook, Authorware, Flash, etc.). Experience with developing content with Articulate 2 or 360. Technical Writing a plus Experience with Inline Manual or WalkMe a plus. Possess excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.