This is a Business Intelligence Analyst contract position in a Fortune 100 health care Informatics organization that is responsible for designing, deploying and supporting laboratory business intelligence solution. Business Intelligence Analyst would be responsible for the implementation, and support of mission-critical enterprise Business Intelligence solutions. Looking for a candidate with passion for analyzing large and complex data sets and converting them into the information that drives business decisions. The successful Consultant will possess experience in business intelligence systems, data warehousing and software implementation in customer-facing roles. They will provide service and support for both in-house teams (e.g. Division level Marketing and R&D;) as well as field-based employees (e.g. Sales and Field Service). Responsibilities Works with internal /external clients to scope requests, develop analytics plans and deliver insights Define and document conceptual solutions to Business Intelligence requirements in conjunction with customer resources. Perform analysis of complex issues, and provide recommendations to operations and product teams. Interact with internal users to establish and clarify requirements in order to develop analytics needs. Develop Business Intelligence solution customizations and/or coordinate with other team members to complete such customizations. Support delivery of the reporting, dashboard, ad hoc and analytics requests from end customers Prepares business intelligence product and training material Skills/Experience Requirements Experience in at least three of the below technologies: Experience with BI/Stats tool (Tableau, R, Python) Experience with creating and maintaining reports/dashboards/data visualizations. SQL Development and Debugging Data Warehouse Development, ETL, OLAP BI Visualization Tools (BIRST, Tableau, Pentaho, Business Objects, Cognos) Master Data Management Healthcare specific business intelligence (informatics) The ideal candidate will have excellent problem solving and communication skills. This position will require significant interaction with field personnel and customers. Other competencies such as the ability to work in team-oriented environments, adaptability and high initiative are also critical. Educational Requirements 1 – 2 years professional experience and Associate or Bachelor's Degree. Site Location: Dallas Relocation Assistance Available: No Percentage of Travel: 10-15% Send us your CV today and let's start the journey today info@chicagocomputer.biz