About the Client We’re coding the future of commerce with a leading platform powered by artificial intelligence and big data. Founded and developed by data scientists and aerospace engineers, we have one critical mission: make commerce safe. We want your incredible talent to drive growth and help our customers be successful. Backed by years of hardcore work and funding from amazing investors we’re at the inflection point of growth. We’re data people so you should have a desire and willingness to dig into the numbers, too. About the Job Create and execute a comprehensive strategic sales plan to serve as a road map for establishing and developing the Feedzai client relationship using your thorough understanding of clients' strategic initiatives that may be supported by Feedzai’s products and services Achieve client-specific revenue and growth targets, execute on sales activities to achieve quarterly and annual revenue targets within strategic and associated accounts Own the Feedzai relationship with the client-across objectives, opportunities, power map strategies, concerns and barriers; responsible for originating, managing and building strong personal relationships with key client executives, line of business decision-makers and influencers Identify new business opportunities, develop new senior level relationships, nurture and grow existing Own the Feedzai growth plan and drive Feedzai’s position with client upward About You You are a natural hunter and enjoy going the extra mile to delight a customer. You are eager to use your experience in the Fintech space to propel an innovator in machine learning fraud prevention and protect consumers everywhere. You have in-depth experience in fraud prevention, cyber security, payments, big data or predictive analytics markets and are excited to establish and develop Feedzai’s relationships with Issuers in the Southwest. You will lead the creation, development and expansion of revenue-producing activities within the client. You will be responsible for developing buyer and senior level relationships, identifying new business opportunities and protecting and growing the overall book of business. This is a quota-carrying, revenue generating role. The level for this position will be determined by the candidate’s education, skills and experience. 5+ years of key account sales experience selling fraud prevention solutions to Issuers in the Southwest Bachelor's degree Risk management and fraud experience a strong plus Advanced knowledge of the financial services, fraud and payments industries and product specific businesses Adept with financial and operational analysis and business case development Talented negotiator who is a pro at complex sales-a HunterAbility to understand and demonstrate products as well as to interact with engineers, operational teams and executives through a variety of channels Eager, ambitious, energetic, dedicated, and a solid work ethic—in other words someone who thrives in the environment of a fast-moving, industry-disrupting, groundbreaking start-up