Your main responsibilities as HR administrator will be mainly administrative duties such as maintaining and updating employee records, managing HR documents and employee electronic records (e.g. employment, and onboarding paperwork, etc.) and updating internal databases.  Create and maintain electronic employee records in our HRIS ADP and Financial systems (new hires, promotions, transfers, terminations, job and personal changes).  Ensure the relevant HR database is up to date, accurate and complies with legislation  Perform employee data research and analysis to answer to questions as needed (as per request, mainly by HR Business Partners, HR Coordinators)  Perform regular database audits to ensure data accuracy and alignment of systems  Assist payroll department by auditing data during payroll transmission, answering to questions and providing relevant employee information as needed  Process/respond to employment verifications and unemployment claims in coordination with HR Coordinators and HR Business Partners as needed.  Comply with government regulations related to employment, and respond to government and other inquiries and reporting requirements.  Revise HR processes/guides as needed  Prepare training documentation as required  Understand SGS HRIS architecture and SGS Organization structure to be able to assist in the implementation of new or revised systems and/or processes.  Participate in HR projects (as needed)  Analyze current HR processes and procedures and recommend improved methods  Liaise with third party service providers and process invoices.  Prepare and send routine correspondence and notices internally and externally.  Perform other duties as assigned.  At all times, comply with the SGS Code of Integrity Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources or relevant field  Minimum of 6 year experience of proven work experience as an HR Administrator, or relevant HR role  SHRM-CP or PHR credential highly regarded  Experience with HR software (HRIS or HRMS, ADP preferred)  Computer literacy (MS Office applications, in particular Excel if possible intermediate level, Word)  Thorough knowledge of labor laws  Excellent organizational skills, with an ability to prioritize important projects/tasks  Strong phone, email and in-person communication skills