This is a Full-Time Entry Level Position for Students (Under-Graduate Students majoring in CS, MIS, .. ) who are looking to get into BI, Big Data and Analytics as a career (Do not apply to this role if you will require work visa now or in future) In this role, you would be building best-in-class BI solutions that would be consumed by leaders and executives of Fortune 500 organizations. Specifically, you will be building enterprise data warehouses or data lakes, executive dashboards, visualizations & reports, and performing information modeling, mining and predictive analysis using Top Tier BI tools. A strong sense of business analysis and data interpretation is key. You can learn more about us at Glassdoor –https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Visu… Highlights: Excellent pay and benefits Take charge of your destiny by kickstarting your career in the exciting field of BI and Analytics Be on the forefront of learning and innovation! You’ll have 24×7 access to Visual BI Labs , our learning environment that hosts all leading-edge innovations in BI Gain exposure in a sweet spot where management consulting meets technology Be part of an enterprising and rewarding culture with a highly accomplished peer group This is a Consulting Services role that requires 75% travel or relocation to client locations / cities after Visual BI immersion training for about 3 months. Be a pillar of support for Visual BI’s vibrant culture by always being eager to experiment, possess the willingness to learn and deliver customer value while having fun. Candidates with passion for BI, Big Data, Web Development or Analytics are strongly preferred Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, MIS or Course Work related BI, Analytics, Big Data and Visualization Candidates with Associate Degree and 2+ Years of Web Development Experience (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Ability to Travel 75% of the time to Client Locations or Relocation to Client Cities is an expectation Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance, Life, AD&D, STD, LTD, 401(K) Communication Allowance (Cellphone, Internet, Laptop) Paid Vacation Days and Holidays Visual BI is a specialist provider of SAP Business Intelligence & Analytics solutions that helps enterprises look forward and think ahead by adopting cutting-edge BI solutions. Headquartered in Plano, TX, Visual BI has quickly grown to be recognized as one of the leaders in this space by customers and partners. In addition to providing BI solutions to enterprise clients, Visual BI also boasts of a strong R&D team that has developed 50+ custom add-ons for products such as SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio. Visual BI is also an SAP services, solutions and reseller partner.