Position Summary: As KidKraft continues to expand our business globally, we consistently look for the best and brightest to help drive our strategic agenda and accelerate the company’s results. To this end, we are looking for a talented Business Analyst/Developer who will be responsible for working with teams across the organization to define requirements that support internal operations and external facing services. The Business Analyst/Developer will extract, organize, and report on data that would help support strategic business decisions within KidKraft. Major Responsibilities: Exhibit good understanding of the business domain and of business goals Analyze and report on inventory data to assist in sourcing decisions Recommend future state business process improvements Documenting customer requirements, evaluating business process implications, and creation of technical documentation, including specifications, manuals, and plans. Gather, analyze and document business and functional requirements from partners and business users Participate in project estimating activities Track and report weekly status updates Other duties as needed. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent business experience Excellent communication, professional, organizational, and interpersonal skills are necessary for success in the role of Business Analyst. Experience working in this role for a Retailer, Wholesaler or Manufacture. Proven analytical, planning, problem solving, and decision-making skills. Minimum three years of previous business analyst or inventory analyst w/ NetSuite , SAGE, SAP, or similar ERP system Thorough understanding of relational database design theory Prior coding and development experience with C in a .net framework. Excellent organizational skills and proven analytical, planning, problem solving and decision-making skills. Ability to multi-task and adapt to shifting priorities, demands, and tight Must have experience working with internal and external clients Strong ability to understand business needs, technology capabilities, and to collaborate in a team environment