As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. UW Information Technology (UW-IT) is the central information technology organization for the University of Washington, responsible for strategic planning, oversight, and direction of the UW’s IT infrastructure, resources, and services. UW-IT provides critical technology support to all three campuses, UW Medicine, and research operations around the world. UW-IT partners with the UW community to enable innovation, learning, discovery, and service. UW-IT Customer Service & Support (CSS) is a full-service organization providing 24x7x365 support to UW faculty, staff, and students within the ITIL service management framework. We are the liaisons between UW-IT and the University, representing UW-IT and advocating on behalf of our customers. CSS operates the Service Center assisting the UW community; monitors and troubleshoots University systems and applications; and collaborates with UW partners to develop strategic customer solutions. CSS leads efforts on customer experience to ensure all interactions UW-IT has with customers consistently produce positive outcomes. UW-IT has an outstanding full time opportunity for a BUSINESS ANALYST - METRICS & REPORTING. RESPONSIBILITIES: The Business Analyst reports to the Director of the CSS Service Center and is responsible for pursuing strategies to provide an exceptional customer experience across UW-IT and measure our success in the endeavor. He/she leads a team of analysts in collecting and analyzing data, providing actionable reports and dashboards and developing improvement initiatives to promote a positive, consistent, and reliable experience for customers. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Communications, Information Science, Computer Science, or related field. Minimum of five years of experience performing progressively more complex business analysis activities such as scope definition, requirements gathering/discovery, business process re-engineering and requirements management Expertise in data collection, metrics and reporting A strong, service-centric orientation characterized by peers and subordinates as collaborative, decisive, results driven and innovative Experience as a functional leader or key contributor in complex, enterprise-wide collaborative projects that have required significant business process change Ability to plan and manage projects of cross-functional teams Demonstrated ability to recruit and build a high performance team Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a team in a cooperative effort Experience preparing for and managing organizational change Tolerance for and ability to lead through ambiguity Ability to reinforce consistent customer experience and processes in a large scale, complex environment Demonstrated excellent written/oral communication skills, technical documentation skills, user liaison skills, and personal interaction abilities _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED: ITIL Foundations certified or knowledge of Service Management concepts and related tools Leadership training Knowledge of call center technologies and tools Self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a fast-paced environment Ability to handle multiple projects with changing priorities simultaneously Excellent time management skills Experience with business case development and project management Knowledge of higher education institutions and interests CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: Work in an open office environment and contribute to collaborative team work focused on problem-solving. Daily interactions with other team members, subject matter experts and stakeholders at all levels of the organization. While the general working hours are within Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., the Director of Customer Experience Analysis will, on occasion, need to adjust hours to accommodate the business needs and deadlines.