THE CHALLENGE Customer Advocacy is the newest team at Lever, and every team member has a major impact on shaping how we drive this function forward. We see Customer Success as a key differentiator for our business. For starters, Customer Success is the intersection between our products and our customers - we’re the advocates that help inform product decisions based on customer feedback. We operate as strategic, consultative partners and take our industry know-how and best practices from each of our customers to up-level their approach to recruiting with Lever to achieve their hiring goals. THE OPPORTUNITY As the newest member to the leadership team on Customer Advocacy at Lever, the opportunity means there is white space to fill - you will be working closely with the Director to shape how the function operates and continues to grow within the organization. We’re looking for someone with a builder mindset; confident in managing day-to-day operations, excels at creating essential reporting/KPIs and is passionate about serving as a coach/mentor to a growing team of Customer Success Managers. We never lose sight of our highest priority: ensuring that all of our customers feel as though they are supported throughout their customer journey. That goal drives all that we do, and we’re excited to bring someone on board who will help build out this function and ensure the consistent delivery of a high quality customer experience. THE TEAM Customer Advocacy team members are a mix of Lever-vets and a few newer “Leveroos”; everyone on the team are our customers’ relentless advocates and strategists. We build relationships that are all about our customers’ success. We do that through understanding their business, their goals, and by focusing our engagement on the customer's’ unique challenges and opportunities. We are their consistent partner throughout their journey and keep lines of communication open to make sure our internal teams are in lock step with what our customers are out to achieve so we can serve as consultative experts. We ensure that our customers - both large and small - feel supported, engaged and understand the value of the Lever product suite. We’re a tight-knit and (if we may say so ourselves) dynamic team of customer-centric product experts, motorcycle aficionados, podcast producers, bad-TV-fans, and urban chicken- owners. THE SKILL SET 6+ years of customer relationship management 3+ years of managing a client-facing team Passion and enthusiasm for customer success The ability to coach/mentor a team of individual contributors in the best practices of relationship management and addressing customer challenges Ability to build relationships and collaborate closely with teammates across Lever Experience working directly with complex Enterprise-level accounts with a proven track record of owning strategic account planning activities WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL... Attend Ramp Camp, Lever’s week-long onboarding program. You’ll learn about all aspects of the business alongside a cross-functional group of new Leveroos. Kick off your starter project at Lever: work with your Director on the rollout plan for Customer Advocacy service offerings across our diverse customer base. Complete your Customer Advocacy specific onboarding curriculum, including product training, systems overview, in-depth overview of Customer Advocacy service offerings, strategy and alignment sessions with your Director, 1:1’s with each leader of the Customer Success and Renewals team to build a better understanding of the current state and go-forward opportunities - and much more! In order to gain an understanding of the customer journey and the opportunity for improvement throughout, shadow 3 team members performing customer communications and activities within implementation, service and support, and renewal processes. Meet with each Customer Success Manager individual contributor to review their Individual Impact Plans (blueprint for achieving results while growing over time) to gain an understanding of their professional goals, areas for development growth edges and opportunities for improvement within their assigned customer accounts. Factor your learnings into a team member development plan to be presented to the Director of Customer Advocacy in month 2. Factor your learnings and observations from your first month into your Individual Impact Plan to be presented in month 2 to the Director of Customer Advocacy. There will be regular check-ins to ensure progress and support throughout execution. WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU'LL... Establish and maintain regular, weekly 1:1 sessions with each Customer Success Manager to 1) effectively manage account activities, monitor account health/status, support account planning and ensure goal attainment through ongoing coaching and mentorship activities, 2) continuously monitor and provide feedback to team members through performance management software which informs our operations goals and 3) discuss professional development pathing, growth areas and individual performance calibration. Take ownership of front-line supervisory activities for both CSM and Sr. CSM teams to include performance management, staffing webinars sessions, issue escalation, account assignment and capacity planning, Salesforce data integrity, and more. In close partnership with the Director, drive the agenda for the team’s weekly meeting, co-own content and take ownership of creating the presentation deck and delegation of tasks. Establish and maintain regular, weekly planning and alignment session with the Customer Account Executive Management to help drive improved renewal rates through teamwork, strategic account planning, execute action plans for red accounts, keep oversight on account health, and ensure renewal introductions are on-time. In partnership with the Director, complete the second iteration of KPIs and regular reporting at the individual contributor, department and company levels. In partnership with the Customer Success leaders and Recruiting team, contribute to building the internal and external talent funnel through active networking, prospecting activities and assisting with the career development program for the other Customer Success functions. Serve as the primary Customer Advocacy contact for the customer reference program, by providing sales prospects with referenceable customer calls within 5 business days. To increase engagement survey results by 5%, collaborate with the Director and the new Team Lead to develop and oversee the execution of: recognition program for the Customer Advocacy team, celebration activities for milestones such as work anniversaries and birthdays, quarterly team building activities, and goal achievement celebrations. In close partnership with the Director and Team Lead, develop and oversee the execution of an ongoing skills training and development curriculum specific to Customer Advocacy which will complement other company-wide professional development initiatives and coaching. Drive a consultative approach with our customer conversations through hands-on coaching, role playing and continuous mentorship with each CSM. WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU'LL... Work with the Customer Success Managers to have documented strategic account plans in place for Mid-Market/Enterprise customers. Collaborate with the Director on the thought leadership behind 2019 business planning including: capacity and staffing plan for the Customer Advocacy team, customer retention and growth projections, the evolution of Customer Advocacy roles, geography coverage, etc. to support Lever’s growth. Lead the development of Customer Success Manager playbooks intended to help support customer experience throughout the entire customer journey and outline paths of course correction as necessary. Take ownership of and own the content of the Customer Advocacy specific onboarding program; continuously refine and improve for new Customer Success Managers to complements Lever’s company-wide onboarding program. Working with the Director and Team Lead, create and operationalize an account appreciation and/or anniversary program to show our gratitude to our customers. Increase engagement with customers by achieving 100% on: performing Business Impact Reviews, on-time audits and on-target service offering deliverables. WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL... Work with the Customer Success Managers to have formal strategic account plans in place for customers in the Mid-Market, Enterprise and Strategic segments. Attend Lever’s Leadership Acceleration Program (LAP) to further develop your management skill set. In partnership with the Director complete the third iteration of KPIs and regular reporting at the individual contributor, department and company levels. Let’s scale! Support the continued team growth and operational excellence of the Customer Advocacy function within each segment to include: continuous team member development and promotion, specialized role definition systems, processes, metrics/reporting that scale. IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Sign up to stay in touch, we’ll let you know when we have new positions on the team. THE LEVER STORY Lever builds modern recruiting software for teams to source, interview, and hire top talent. Our team strives to set a new bar for enterprise software with modern, well-designed, real-time apps. We participated in Y Combinator in summer 2012, and since then have raised $73 million. As the applicant tracking system of choice for Netflix, Eventbrite, ClearSlide, change.org, and thousands more leading companies, Lever means you hire the best by hiring together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. Take an inside look into life at Lever .