Overview BNY Mellon Asset Management North America (Mellon Capital ManagementAMNA (MCM)), a top tier global multi-asset investment manager, is seeking a talented, experienced individual to lead the design, implementation and maintenance of data and model technology infrastructure of the Asset Allocation (AA) investment team. The AA team utilizes several proprietary multi-asset strategies based on fundamentals-based principles and quantitative investment models. AMNA has provided a wide variety of asset allocation and multi-asset solutions to investors since 1983. Responsibilities Design, build, and maintain the data infrastructure used by the AA investment team and serve as a liaison between researchers, portfolio managers and developers. Make use of ETL knowledge to design tools for robust data management. Develop API for accessing data, for use by business users (i.e., researchers and portfolio managers) Contribute to the codebase for investment models Make recommendations for innovative or creative approaches for data management as needed Assist in the design and development of enterprise data standards and best practices Participate in the evaluation and implementation of vendor application software and tools Qualifications Requirements 5+ years experience as a data engineer, data scientist, software engineer or similar Experience with overall data architecture and infrastructure or similar Experience successfully managing large projects to completion Development experience with Matlab, R or Python in a data-science or research setting Experience with relational database design (MS SQL Server or similar) Experience building ETL pipelines and knowledge of ETL best practices Demonstrated ability to work with multi-disciplinary teams (Portfolio Management, Research, Information Technology teams) Availability to work during market hours Nice to Have Experience working in investment management and/or quantitative finance Knowledge/Experience with financial data provider API’s (Bloomberg & Datastream) Knowledge/Experience with the following technologies: Docker Java Microsoft .Net suite Pentaho NoSQL (MongoDB) Cloud and distributed computing For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers. As one of the world's leading investment management organizations and one of the top U.S. wealth managers, BNY Mellon Investment Management combines agility, insight and scale to create and deliver strategies and solutions to address our clients' needs. Encompassing BNY Mellon's investment management firms, wealth management organization and global distribution teams, we draw on deep expertise to collaborate with clients and tailor our best ideas and resources to meet their specific needs. We pride ourselves on providing dedicated service through our network of global professionals who have a deep understanding of local requirements. With our extensive experience in anticipating and responding to the investment and financial needs of the world's governments, pension plan sponsors, corporations, foundations, endowments, advisors, intermediaries, individuals and families, and family offices, BNY Mellon Investment Management is dedicated to helping clients reach their goals. BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Primary Location: United States-California-San Francisco Internal Jobcode: 45144 Job: Asset Management Organization: NA Investment Boutiques-HR13428 Requisition Number: 1809766