Supply Chain Management – Solution Manager - Sourcing and Procurement – USDC Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in supply chain sourcing and procurement – someone who gets excited about the possibilities of turning data into insights on a daily basis in a highly collaborative environment? Do you like that think-tank feel and ability to share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center – we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center. Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below … Work you’ll do/Responsibilities Lead and mentor teams in the discovery, understanding and resolving of anomalies to ensure solution and delivery quality Mentor teams in the delivery of high quality work and adapting to new challenges Manage teams through resolution of client business challenges and solution performance Demonstrate strong ability to consult with clients on highly complex supply chain technical/data issues utilizing analytics and visualization tools to efficiently address business problems Display a deep understanding of procure to pay, source to contract, category management as it pertains to sourcing and procurement processes Coordinate and execute supplier enablement programs such as supplier onboarding, eProcurement and eInvoicing enablement Act as subject matter expert on data analytics and visualization tools such as Tableau/Qlikview Manage internal teams while consulting with client technical/functional teams to design and invent processes and solutions to optimize performance The Team From our centers, we work with Deloitte consultants to design, develop and build solutions to help clients reimagine, reshape and rewire the competitive fabric of their processes across industries. Our centers house a multitude of specialists, ranging from systems designers, architects, integrators, analytics experts, to creative digital experts as well as cyber risk and human capital professionals. Work together on diverse projects from advanced preconfigured solutions and methodologies, to brand building and campaign management. We are a unique blend of skills and experiences, yet we underline the value of each individual, providing customized career paths, fostering innovation and knowledge development with a focus on quality. The US Delivery Center supports a collaborative team culture where we work and live close to home with limited travel Qualifications Required Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Operations Management, Business Process Management, STEM, Analytics, Information Technology, or equivalent experience 7-10 years’ of experience with Source-to-Pay and Procure-to-Pay systems and execution as well as Procurement analytics and modeling Leading teams in the blueprint, building and phase deployment specific to project workstreams Strong experience with product sourcing, materials purchasing and consulting clients on vendor management best practices Act as subject matter expert on sourcing event management using E-sourcing applications such as: Ariba, Coupa, Emptoris, Etc. Ability to identify, troubleshoot and mentor teams to problem solve complex business issues Develop and create presentations within data analysis software, including Tableau, MS PowerPoint, Excel and Access Must be willing to live and work in the Gilbert, AZ area Must be willing to travel up to 20% Preferred Manage, mentor and lead project teams to deliver task assignments on or before deadlines Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment Architect, implement and support data analysis software, including QlikView, QlikSense, Perceptive, R, SAS, MS Visio Deep business process design and modeling Minimum of 5 years big consulting firm and/or industry experience How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. SCDC1234 As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.