Job responsibilities: SCM Planning in Sales side (finished goods inventory) Demand Forecasting via S/W & Excel Inventory Control of Sales side or Finished product Managing Supplier relationship BI (Business Intelligence) Reporting Purchase Order Generation using ERP system Business Analysis Evaluate slow moving materials and excess inventories and recommend and implement corrective action plan Daily management and problem-solving of supply and inventory plan variances, including unexpected demand, to ensure appropriate communication and actions with customer service, sales planning, marketing, operations and the customers as appropriately Proactively participate and engage in driving supply planning execution of new business opportunities, including new products and product discontinuations Partner with the Suppliers to develop and negotiate the best production and shipping schedule needed to support customer demand. Manage inventory levels with a key focus on reducing inventory days while improving service. Strive to improve forecast accuracy. Work with Sales and Marketing on new product introduction, clearance and end of life runs. Manage consolidated sales projections for volumes and financial implications in both the monthly demand planning process and to deliver to Strategic Planning Process while working cross-functionally to support the annual operating planning process. Create common demand management processes and procedures by establishing collaborative business partner relationships. Approach daily problem solving and continuous improvement opportunities strategically and tactically to achieve performance targets. Develop, understand, and improve necessary Key Performance Indicators. Set yourself apart Desired Skills and Experience Undergraduate degree in Business Admin, Supply Chain Management or related field. Master user-level knowledge of major ERP/MRP systems (Navision, SAP, Oracle, etc.). Advanced user of MS Office (Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint) and ERP S/W. Basic understanding of VBA & SQL (Plus) At least 5 years of related experience A team player with good interpersonal and communication skills. Innovative responses to complex challenges in business and technology. Flexibility to work effectively in a fast-paced environment