Position Summary Bind is actively seeking a highly skilled, motivated and experienced Healthcare Data Analyst to build and support the analytics pipeline for the Bind working closely with the Data Science team. These analytics are to be developed using cloud stored data and deployed to Bind teams (Excel, SQL, BI Tools). The role will also involve combination of pharmacy, claims, provider and clinical quality analytics. Bind is looking for an analyst who can work with other team members to understand business requirements to develop and execute analytic output and strategy. Focus, enthusiasm and a dedication to excellence are all personal characteristics highly valued in the Bind organization. Location: Minneapolis Department: Data Science Reports To: Data Science Lead Employee Status: Full-Time, Regular, Exempt Responsibilities: Ensures that data pipelines and analytics are scalable, repeatable, and secure, and can serve multiple users within the company Collects, parses, manages, analyzes and visualizes large sets of data using multiple platforms Partners with Data Science team and organizational stakeholders in developing and executing Business Intellgence, Analytic Products, and Modeling strategies. Translate business requirements into meaninful and detailed analystics output Document analytics pipeline using documentation software such as Word/Excel or specialized tools like JIRA Develop analytics using self-service tools (Tableau, Excel, SQL) or coding technologis (Python) Inform Bind team members on analytics strategy and support execution of that strategy Essential Role Requirements _Education:_ Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Public Health, Business Analytics, Physics, or a related quantitative discipline required. Masters with statistical background preferred. _Required Experience:_ Ability to translate business requirements into deployed analyses Demonstrated detailed experience with healthcare analytics from at least one of these data sectors (Pharmacy, Claims, Provider, Clinical) SQL Skills Define, create, and maintain analytic applications Experience in Statistical Tools (Python/R/Excel/SAS) Demonstrated expertise troubleshooting complex data questions Knowledge of the healthcare and health insurance sectors Exposure to formal software development methodologies such as Agile Methodologies (XP, Scrum), etc. Ability to work well with other teams to resolve issues Excellent communication and interpersonal skills _Preferred Skills:_ Experience with JIRA for an SDLC tool Strong Statistical Tool experience (R/Excel/Python/Jupyter Notebooks) Strong Experience with SQL Knowledge and experience in a healthcare environment with HIPAA requirements Experience with Cloud/AWS environments Masters in Science, MBA, MPH, or related field, or equivalent experience What is Bind? Bind rewired health benefits to be on-demand. This means people are covered for what they need and have the flexibility to add more coverage if or when they need it. The Bind plan puts the power in people's hands, where it belongs, and allows them to design their health benefits coverage on-the-go, based on their life and needs. The Bind app and website lets people see the total cost of care, and what their copays will be, well in advance of getting treated. No more confusing coinsurance and deductible formulas; Bind keeps things clear and simple. Why Bind? We believe a career at Bind should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, plus cutting-edge technology and services that focus on innovation and scale - more reasons to love it here. Translate business requirements into meaningful and detailed analytics output Document analytic pipeline using basic documentation software such as Word/Excel or specialized software tools (JIRA) Develop analytics using self-service tools (like Tableau, Excel, SQL) and other innovative technologies (Python) Inform Bind team members on analytics strategy and support execution of that strategy Inform application capability to enable self-service for Bind and the Data Science team Partner with developers and business analysts to define solutions to issues and defects Support team through the entire development lifecycle including planning, transformation, analytic building and analysis dissemination