KLDiscovery, one of the largest national eDiscovery providers, is currently seeking a Litigation Data Analyst in Chicago, IL. This entry level position aids our eDiscovery Hosting Department. Days and hours for this position are Tuesday through Friday (2:00 pm to 10:30 pm) and Saturday (9:30 am to 6:00 pm). Responsibilities Validate and Import/Export data Analyze and troubleshoot issues with data loading Provide technical assistance to clients and end users via telephone and email Troubleshoot issues related to online databases Setup database structures and permissions Convert images and data to client specified formats Additional responsibilities in support of KLDiscovery's hosted solutions Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree preferred Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Access and Word Ability to manage multiple tasks Problem-solving and organization skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Knowledge gained by working within the litigation support industry with a vendor or law firm would be a plus Database experience and/or exposure to Relativity, Concordance and/or Equivio is preferred KLDiscovery Offers A friendly and welcoming team-oriented environment Opportunities for career advancement and growth Business casual dress Medical/Dental/Vision benefits as well as company-provided Life Insurance, Short Term and Long Term Disability Paid Time Off 401(k) retirement savings plan with company match Our Cultural Values Entrepreneurs at heart, we are a customer first team sharing one goal and one vision. We seek team members who are: Humble - No one is above another; we all work together to meet our clients’ needs and we acknowledge our own weaknesses Hungry - We all are driven internally to be successful and to continually expand our contribution and impact Smart - We use emotional intelligence when working with one another and with clients Our culture shapes our actions, our products, and the relationships we forge with our customers. It helps us stand out in an ever-increasing crowd of providers. Who We Are KLDiscovery provides technology-enabled services and software to help law firms, corporations, government agencies and consumers solve complex data challenges. The company, with offices in 43 locations across 19 countries, is a global leader in delivering best-in-class ediscovery, information governance and data recovery solutions to support the litigation, regulatory compliance, internal investigation and data recovery and management needs of our clients. Serving clients for over 30 years, KLDiscovery offers data collection and forensic investigation, early case assessment, electronic discovery and data processing, application software and data hosting for web-based document reviews, and managed document review services. In addition, through its global Ontrack Data Recovery business, KLDiscovery delivers world-class data recovery, email extraction and restoration, data destruction and tape management. KLDiscovery has been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in North America by both Inc. Magazine (Inc. 5000) and Deloitte (Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500) and CEO Chris Weiler was recognized as a 2014 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year™. Additionally, KLDiscovery is an Orange-level Relativity Best in Service Partner, a Relativity Premium Hosting Partner and maintains ISO/IEC 27001 Certified data centers. KLDiscovery is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Operations Primary Location United States-Illinois-Chicago Organization 279 - Ops - Hosting Business Unit / Legal Entity LDiscovery, LLC Schedule Full-time