As a Manager, Data and Audience Activation, you’ll join a small but fast-paced data consultancy team and lead our audience insights and campaign activation strategy for a set of advertising industry verticals. This position will help with the implementation and optimization of the DMP to execute cross-channel consumer, direct sold and programmatic campaigns. He/she will consult with sales and account management to identify optimal audience targeting strategies that align with brand KPIs using Condé Nast’s 1st, 2nd, and 3rd party data. Familiarity with MarTech/AdTech platforms are preferred, and hands-on experience with a major DMP such as Salesforce Krux, Adobe Audience Manager or Oracle BlueKai is required. Primary Responsibilities Act as a key member of Data Solutions to build and evolve the digital audience segmentation practice. Work with brand cohorts in Consumer Marketing, Editorial, and Sales & Marketing to understand audience needs and build these insights into measurable segmentation. Help with the onboarding of first party data and curation and delivery of segment data within the Data Management Platform (DMP) to ensure accurate and consistent data delivery to various channels (Desktop and Mobile Site & Apps, On and Offsite Display. SEM, Social, Email, etc). Build upon 1st data from internal data sources and couple with 2nd and 3rd party data to design audiences that map to the segment to respond to media plans/RFPs. Work with segment stakeholders (Planning/Operations, Sales, and Programmatic Leads) to gather goals, success metrics and size/prioritize segment creation to meet campaign KPIs Coordinate with Consumer Marketing team to develop insights that help drive acquisition and enhance customer lifetime value Help with testing engagements through the full lifecycle from test conception, through launch, to results analysis and rollout. Assist in the execution of optimization activities cross-functionally by working collaboratively with the Advertising, Operations, Consumer Marketing, and Product teams. Collaborate with team members on a day-to-day basis to ensure the efficient execution of data activation tests Monitor campaign performance to troubleshoot, resolve and/or escalate potential data/measurement issues. Partner with Marketing Sciences team to define campaign reporting requirements and deliver campaigns results. Keep up with market, consumer trends, and competition and provide recommendations for testing into new and emerging technologies, vendors and trends Skills/experience Experience working in digital media analytics/planning/operations role Experience working with a Data Management Platform (Salesforce Krux, Adobe Audience Manager and/or Oracle BlueKai), with a focus on segment strategy and cross-channel data coordination Familiarity with 3rd party data providers (i.e. eXelate, BlueKai, ixi, Nielsen, etc.) Experience with ad serving, web analytics, personalization tools and/or platform technologies (DFP, Optimizely, Google Analytics, Omniture, etc.) Understanding of Real-Time-Bidding and the Programmatic media landscape Ability to multi-task, work under deadlines and within a rapidly changing environment Energy and passion for the Condé Nast brands