At Cortland Partners, you map the story of your success. We don't adhere to the status quo, we love outside industry perspective, and we thrive on exploring possibilities and reimagining solutions. As an innovative leader in multifamily, our high performance continues to drive exponential growth – and we invite you to join us on our journey towards real estate excellence. With tools and guidance to sharpen your skills, you can forge your own career path, love what you do, and let it show. ROLE OVERVIEW As a Leasing Consultant, you connect with future residents, identify their wants and needs, and secure lease agreements for a multi-million dollar, multifamily apartment home community. Here are the roles you'll play: The Tour Guide Discover future residents’ needs, show them around your community’s amenity areas and model homes, and highlight all the benefits that will make them want to call your community home Brag about your community’s unique features and benefits – and highlight what sets it apart from the competition Create added value by anticipating needs and addressing living concerns customers haven’t even thought about yet The Deal Sealer Put in extra effort to make prospective residents feel so at home, they’ll never want to leave Optimize occupancy and increase community visits by finding new ways to boost online engagement, update promos/advertising, and create new marketing strategies Scout the competition to stay one step ahead and keep bringing in the big bucks Communicate with such clarity and enthusiasm that customers are left with only one question: “Where do I sign?” The Better Living Expert Understand that choosing a place to live is a big decision and that each customer will have their own set of concerns and non-negotiables to work through Enjoy listening to people’s problems with empathy and share helpful advice Relate well with all types of personalities – even if they seem to come from a totally different planet Build lasting relationships based on your ability to help residents and future residents experience what better living truly means THE IMPACT YOU CAN MAKE Occupancy is at an all-time high thanks to your world-class tours, knack for finding the best fit for residents, and tactful ability to meet customer needs. Your desk is overflowing with flowers and baked goods from all the residents whose lives you’ve changed for the better. Resident retention keeps climbing because you have such a loyal customer following and landed so many renewals. YOUR BUILDING BLOCKS OF SUCCESS Solid communication skills that allow you to connect easily with diverse groups of people Stellar track record of leasing or sales experience Resourceful problem solving Enthusiastic and professional customer service THE CORTLAND DIFFERENCE At Cortland, we create, reimagine, and manage apartment communities for residents nationwide. Headquartered in Atlanta, GA, we have communities and regional offices all over the country, as well as overseas. From product design and procurement to general contracting and property management, we do it all – to make sure our communities are the perfect setting for living life to its fullest. Our success is fueled by our belief in a better life – where hospitality is always a given, each detail is worth a second thought, and every open door is a new opportunity to go beyond expectations. We come to work every day to create possibilities for people – possibilities that translate into superior living spaces and experiences designed to inspire our residents, associates, and investors to live a better life focused on what matters most to them. _Cortland Partners is an equal opportunity employer, and we’re proud to support and celebrate diversity in the workplace. We are committed to equal consideration for all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. If you have a disability and need an accommodation or assistance with the application process and/or using our website, please email talentresources@cortlandpartners.com or call_ _404.965.3988_ _._ _Cortland Partners is a drug-free workplace._ _Cortland Partners participates in e-verify to verify the employment status of all persons hired to work in the United States._