At LG we make products and services that make lives better, easier and happier through increased functionality and fun. Put simply, we offer the latest innovations to make “Life Good” – from home appliances, consumer electronics, vehicle components and mobile communications to business innovations in digital signage, air conditioning, solar and LED lighting. As a global leader, we strive for greatness in product leadership, market leadership and people leadership to realize our growth strategies. Talk about a mantra. Life’s Good with LG! AI/Machine Learning Scientist (Edge-based Learning) LG is looking to push the boundaries of AI to build innovative disruptive product and services solutions to realize LG’s global vision for a connected world. As a part of this initiative, LG has set up an Advanced AI organization in North America centered in Silicon Valley. As part of LG’s North America AI initiative, we are looking for passionate and talented AI / Machine Learning scientists and engineers with background and hands-on experience building ML algorithms in the edge-computing paradigm, including areas such as privacy preservation, resource limited ML, and decentralized/distributed computation. You will work on advanced research topics and challenging business problems at the intersection of machine learning and Connected Home, IoT, and Robotics. You will design novel experiments, invent new algorithms, and create prototype implementations focusing on the research gaps in edge-computing. You are also encouraged to publish high quality papers and patents and collaborate with leading academic universities in this field. You will be based in Silicon Valley and work alongside a multi-disciplinary team that includes data scientists, ML/AI scientists, product managers, and software developers, to design and launch AI products and solutions that help predict, personalize and transform lifestyles of LG’s global footprint of devices and users. Seniority will be commensurate with experience and accomplishments. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Research and develop advanced AI/Machine Learning solutions for edge-devices. The research focus includes (but is not limited to) the following aspects: Privacy Preserving ML algorithms for Edge devices. Technology Focus : differential privacy, federated learning etc. Distributed/ decentralized optimization on edge-networks. Technology Focus : SGD, ADMM etc. Building resource constrained on-device ML models. Technology Focus : Self-Learning, Online learning. Read, understand, implement, improve, and explain state-of-the-art papers in the above topics. Take ownership of projects and build proof-of-concepts (POCs) that can demonstrate utilization, value, and lead to scalable solutions. Actively participate in the research and academic community by disseminating novel results in top conferences and journals. Stay up-to-date on developments in the field and propose long term capability buildup. Requirements: PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics or related quantitative discipline with a focus on machine learning, optimization theory, or related areas. Strong publication record in top conferences and journals. A demonstrable track record of developing novel algorithms, solutions, and delivering/deploying prototypes/projects. Software engineering experience in two or more of C/C++, Python, Scala, Java, R, Matlab. Experience working with edge-computing frameworks like, CoreML, Greengrass etc. preferred. Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g., Keras, Tensorflow, Tensorlite, MxNet) a plus. Last, but not least, a sense of ambition and passion to change the world using AI and machine Learning. LG Electronics, USA Inc.; LG Mobilecomm USA, Inc., LG Mobile Research USA LLC, and Zenith Electronics LLC provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Further, the Company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics. IND123 LI-MA1