The Security Analyst I enforces the information security and control policies, procedures, and standards while performing risk assessments of systems, applications, and networks to identify weaknesses and ensure the effectiveness of internal controls to reduce risk to information systems. The Security Analyst conducts analysis as required on large, disparate data sets to identify malicious activities within the system, monitoring alerts and taking appropriate action and utilizes ticketing system to ensure consistent documentation. The Security Analyst also correlates data and reports from various sources, makes logical inferences about the data, and publishes results. In addition, the Security Analyst reviews firewalls, intrusion detection systems, enterprise anti-virus software, and assists in vulnerability scans to determine potential exposure. The ideal Security Analyst I will have a Bachelor's Degree combined with a demonstrated commitment to effective customer service delivery and the ability to work productively as a member of a team. The ideal candidate will possess strong critical/analytical thinking skills and logical problem solving capabilities to perform all essential duties of the position. The ideal candidate will possess strong communications skills to effectively communicate complex, technical concepts to others in layman's terms. Location/Facility \- Baylor Scott & White Health, Dallas For more information on the facility, please click our Locations link. Specialty/Department/Practice - Information Technology/Information Systems Security Shift/Schedule \- Full-time, days Baylor Scott & White Health (BSWH) is the largest not-for-profit health care system in Texas and one of the largest in the United States. With a commitment to and a track record of innovation, collaboration, integrity and compassion for the patient, BSWH stands to be one of the nation's exemplary health care organizations. Our mission is to serve all people by providing personalized health and wellness through exemplary care, education and research as a Christian ministry of healing. Joining our team is not just accepting a job, it's accepting a calling! Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience required Experience preferred, but not required with Bachelor's Degree