At YETI, we believe that time spent outdoors matters more than ever and our gear can make that time extraordinary. When you work here, you’ll have the opportunity to create exceptional, meaningful work and problem solve with innovative team members by your side. Together, you’ll help our customers get the high-quality gear they need to make the most of their adventures. We are built for the wild. The role of the Quality Engineer position is to enhance & improve supplier quality level by working closely with suppliers, through part approval, IQC activities, supplier maintenance, and general troubleshooting. The Quality Engineer will be responsible for Quality support of current and future core product lines. This highly visible, hands-on role will work closely with YETI’s Manufacturing Partners and will interface with YETI’s New Product Development and Operations teams. Primary emphasis will be overall product quality and reduction of reject and scrap rates as well as oversight of quality control plan results. This position will require 50-60% travel both in country and internationally. Responsibilities: Work with Program Managers, Procurement, NPI engineers and suppliers to complete the New Product Introduction (NPI) process: Review new drawings with NPI to validate information Work with Program Managers and NPI team to understand quality requirements and set the quality standards. Serve as the primary auditor of new suppliers and provides overall audit data to the organization Along with NPI engineers, verify FAI & PPAP report from supplier, checking & measuring physical FAI & PPAP samples Follow up on material quality issues observed during NPI activities Review and approve material compliance-related documents (Rohs, REACH declaration etc) Oversight of quality for parts continuing in mass production: Create quality standards and inspection criteria Audit to ensure suppliers are following set requirements Engage with and oversee activities of supplier’s quality staff Follow up on quality findings Quality management of suppliers: Develop Annual Audit plan and implement it with suppliers Follow up audit findings and ensure resolution Initiate and drive completion of all CAPA activities including SCAR’s, 8D’s and DMAIC’s. For 8D’s and SCARs, QE will maintain overall ownership of the process. This includes stakeholder identification, determination of root cause and completion of the 8D process Manage supplier quality performance on daily, monthly, quarterly, and annual bases Coordinate with Procurement and NPI on productivity program eliminating waste in the system and driving down costs Problem Solving: Quickly react & respond to solving the quality issues observed in line, and ensure prevention actions in place to make sure the issue will not recur Develop and implement robust procedures to prevent quality issues Qualifications and Key Characteristics for Success: College degree in Engineering; Quality focus preferred ASQ Certification preferred 5+ years of quality management experience with track record of strong quality management knowledge, skills and experience on productivity programs NPI quality management experience highly preferred Demonstrated knowledge of Quality documentation generation and change control Experience with Quality tools Demonstrated experience in reducing reject rates and improving long-term Supplier performance Experience with product assembly and testing Familiar with applying lean processes in a Supplier manufacturing environment Strong leadership and communication skills, with ability to communicate across all stakeholders and drive quality management independently Adaptable to working in various product categories Thrives in a fast-paced and dynamic environment PC literate – Microsoft Office and Visio Travel (up to 60%) YETI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.