Job Description Performics is seeking a Business Intelligence Developer on our Analytics & Technology team. We seek individuals who have a passion for data and data visualization techniques to turn complex data sets into actionable insights. The BI Developer plays a critical role in the agency, partnering with account leads and clients across the business. He/she will primarily be responsible for requirements gathering, design, development, testing, deployment, and support of complex reporting solutions. As part of the Analytics & Technology team at Performics, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with a collaborative team that is responsible for driving client performance by combining data driven insights and strategic thinking to client business and marketing challenges. Role Objectives: Collaborate with internal/external clients to gather data and reporting requirements. Design, develop, and deploy robust data architecture solutions and actionable visualizations with strong emphasis on UI and UX design. Drive operational efficiency and scalability of solutions through standardization of data metrics, KPIs, and processes. Act as BI subject matter expert, anticipate user needs, monitor data quality, and completeness of data. Consult with internal/external clients on business needs and recommend strategic and scalable solutions. Train and support end users on BI solutions. Partner with cross functional teams on preparing demos for client pitches. Collaborate across the organization to identify, develop, and manage best practices. Handle multiple clients simultaneously and be willing to help other teams/share knowledge across the organization. Skills: Ability to understand business user needs and translate them into robust data reporting solutions. Strong expertise in data analysis and data mining to gain actionable insights from complex data sets. Ability to understand different data environments and design efficient data architecture solutions to answer client reporting needs. Experienced in creating data visualizations to answer or drive business decisions. Strong presentation skills with particular emphasis on UI/UX design. Excellent communication skills (written, verbal, and listening) and an analytical skill set. Strong project management, organizational skills, and attention to detail with the ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects and people in the organization simultaneously. Able to work independently with large cross-functional teams. Strategic thinker, flexible problem solver, and great listener. Ability to scope technical requirements for delivering measurement/analytics plans. Assess business requirements and identify measures, approaches, and methodologies for measuring success against objective. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Sciences / Information Technology / MIS / Mathematics, or its equivalent. 2-3 years’ experience in designing and developing end-to-end data solutions. 2-3 years’ experience creating dashboards/visualizations, report design, development, and testing. Strong expertise with data visualizations tools like Tableau, Qlikview, or similar. Strong in SQL, data mining, analytics. Strong Excel skills. Experience working with ETL/self-service analytic tools like Dataroma, Alteryx preferred. Knowledgeable in scripting languages like Python is a huge plus. Digital agency experience or experience in working with search or social data is preferred. Passionate about the future of marketing analytics and advertising, and a desire to help shape it. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.