Associate Display Planner Job Description Nina Hale is a performance digital marketing agency that drives revenue by connecting data to human behavior. The agency specializes in providing strategy + planning, paid search, paid social, display, social media, technical and content search engine optimization (SEO), content strategy, conversion optimization, traditional media, and marketing analytics. A nationally certified women-owned business (WBENC) and 100% employee-owned, the agency has been recognized as a 16-time Best Places to Work award recipient and has been named to Inc. 5000's Fastest Growing Companies for five consecutive years. Nina Hale is currently seeking a full-time, Associate Paid Media Planner to focus on display media advertising. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES This position will play a key role within the display media team, aiding in client deliverables, aligning with other media teams, and continuing development of their display advertising skills. Key responsibilities include: Research display programmatic partners and direct publishers, their evolving capabilities and related industry trends Develop vendor relationships Campaign setup including trafficking, orders, goal tracking and conversion testing Monitor campaign performance and pacing, manage vendor and in-house optimizations Evaluate display impact on website and search performance Build client-facing reports with data visualization and insights Summarize and communicate status of all campaigns with appropriate internal contacts Work with project manager to create and ensure timely delivery of project schedules Monthly billing calculations and discrepancy resolution REQUIRED SKILLS 1-2 years experience monitoring display campaigns Experience in managing display campaigns through DoubleClick Campaign Manager Experience maintaining campaigns through DSPs, ad networks, or similar; experience managing within DSPs a plus High proficiency with Microsoft Excel—formulas, pivot tables, creating efficiencies Knowledge of display metrics and results-driven optimization Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines Preferred basic understanding of programmatic landscape and evolving technologies Willingness to learn and use Google Analytics and applicable DSPs—any current tool certifications are a plus A data-driven, independent, and analytical approach to problem solving The ability to work independently as well as with a team in a fast paced, goal-oriented environment Self-starting, positive work ethic, to consistently meet and exceed objectives and take on more responsibility COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS Competitive Salary—DOQ Top-rated health plan, paid 100% for staff Immediately-vested 2% match IRA Best Places to Work company atmosphere Ongoing training and education opportunities Participation in company stock ownership plan (this is an additional benefit for employees, at no cost to them) About Nina Hale We are 100% employee-owned, so we have good reason to create a place people want to work. We value curiosity and integrity. We hire people who are authentic, experts at their craft, and genuinely passionate about digital. We have an open-door policy. Positive work-life balance is a top priority. And we consistently carve out time for all-company field trips to build the NH community. Some of our favorite events? A grown-up Easter egg hunt (with coveted prizes like cash and additional days off), company day at the Minnesota State Fair, and our annual cookout at our Founder’s family cabin.