ABOUT US Bright Health is delivering a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. Our affordable health insurance plans and exclusive partnerships with leading health systems are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health. Today, Bright Health provides health insurance to individuals in Colorado, Arizona, and Alabama in both the Individual and Medicare Advantage space. Come join our mission: Making Healthcare Right. Together! YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Bright Health’s Enterprise Data Warehouse Team is working to build a comprehensive, sustainable, scalable Enterprise Data Warehouse that can accelerate a data-driven approach. This role will span the full life cycle of Data Warehousing - from requirements gathering through production deployment, from ETL, data modeling, and data cleansing. Core objectives include: 1\. Design and develop or modify ETL processes that load data for the data warehouse using ETL tools (SSIS) and SQL packages. 2\. Maintain existing ETL, SQL procedures, packages, and scripts 3\. Provide ETL performance tuning 4\. Design data warehouse schema and star schema data models 5\. Assist with the creation of reusable components as they relate to the ETL framework 6\. Build AWS solutions for the Data Management REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s Degree or comparable work experience. Computer Science or similar preferred Five years (minimum) of work experience as a Developer, and part of a Development team, personally and successfully implementing ETL code, projects and software. Seven years preferred. You have 3+ years of experience working across healthcare data in technical capacities. Specifically, you have strong knowledge of claims data, prior authorization data, and provider-side data. 5+ years of experience in advanced Microsoft SQL Server. 2+ years of experience with ETL tools in a Data Warehouse environment. Proficiency with ETL tools such as SSIS. 2+ years of strong experience with AWS data services Lambda, Glue, EMR, Kinesis, Step Functions, Data Pipeline, Aurora, DynamoDB, Red Shift Developing Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources Minimum 1 year of experience in building Visualization / Analytics using Tableau (both extracted and live connected data sources) Understanding of Star schema database modeling. (OLTP & OLAP experience) Experience evaluating existing data warehouse implementation, architectures and processes Experience in Data Warehouse integration methodology; In-depth knowledge of developing and supporting data warehouses. ATTRIBUTES Is eager to seek out and apply new technologies and skills for ETL improvement in daily work through conferences, online training, reading, participation in organizations and user groups, etc. Can translate business needs into technical and system design specifications Ability to work directly with business analysts or business sponsors clarifying business details. Is comfortable working in a young, growing EDW environment, where processes and systems are still being defined We've won some fun awards like: Great Places to Work, Modern Healthcare, Forbes, etc. But more than anything, we're a group of people who are really dedicated to our mission in healthcare. Come join our growing team!