By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Job Description Are you looking for a patient-focused company that will inspire you and support your career? If so, be empowered to take charge of your future at Takeda. Join us as a Technology Manager Data Science Amazon Web Services in our Cambridge, MA office. Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. As a Technology Manager, you will be empowered to provide leadership and expertise and a typical day will include: POSITION OBJECTIVES: Provides leadership & expertise in managing the Amazon Web Services data lake environment including: data ingestion, staging, quality monitoring, and modeling. Establishes analytic environments required for structured, semi- and unstructured data that includes a cloud based infrastructure with data processing and visualization capabilities. Develops, documents and implements best practices for Big Data solutions. ACCOUNTABILITIES: Maintains oversight of platforms, technology stack and operations for AWS data lake. Manages projects and customer relationships of critical importance. Integrating Big Data analytics with enterprise systems. DW and data marts, a strong plus Drives rapid prototyping and designs for projects and analytic R &D; environments. Maintains current knowledge of Big Data & IoT developments, opportunities, and challenges Develops and maintains technology and platform roadmap Develops advanced/leading-edge technologies and/or concepts. Strategically supports key business objectives. Develops innovative solutions, systems and products to support objectives across multiple business functions. Builds external alliances to gain and share information and industry trends. EDUCATION, BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS: BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math or equivalent 10 years of relevant work experience. 3+ years of experience designing and developing cloud based solutions (preferably through AWS). Proficiency in using R, Matlab, Python, other statistical modeling packages, with a focus on machine learning; experience with NLP a plus. Proficiency in developing production systems for processing large volumes of structured and unstructured data. Previous experience with Hadoop technology stack (Map reduce, HIVE/PIG, etc). Solid understanding of ETL architectures, database technologies, performance optimization, and building communication channels between structured and unstructured databases. Track record of success required, including effectively leading and managing diverse business functions and multiple projects with a variety of stakeholders Excellent oral and written communication skills Excellent analytical and decision making skills TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: Willingness to travel to various meetings, corporate partners, additional Takeda sites. Requires approximately 10% travel. WHAT TAKEDA CAN OFFER YOU: 401(k) with company match and Annual Retirement Contribution Plan Tuition reimbursement Company match of charitable contributions Health & Wellness programs including onsite flu shots and health screenings Generous time off for vacation and the option to purchase additional vacation days Community Outreach Programs Empowering Our People to Shine Learn more at takedajobs.com. No Phone Calls or Recruiters Please. LI-JD1