Saalex Solutions, Inc. is an Engineering and Information Technology company with a focus on Systems Engineering, IT, Integrated Logistics Support, and Range Operations and Maintenance for Space and Combat Weapon Systems domains. Approaching our 20-year anniversary, our talent-rich, diverse staff of over 650 full-time employees nationwide is what continues to enable us to be flexible, adaptable, efficient, and easy to do business with. Because our people are our success, we provide all our full-time employees with top benefits, to include a 401k with a company match - 100% vested from day one! Deep understanding of user requirements, acquisition/project processes, and state-of-the-art technologies serve as fertile ground for our employees' personal growth and career progression, and our staff appreciates our employees-first approach in lateral and forward career development. Apply now if you're looking for A+ company culture, and an inclusive, growth- oriented group! Program analysts possess the skills identified in the financial analyst definition and conduct organizational, budgetary and efficiency studies and evaluations related to cost and performance for command and/or customer (sponsor) statement of work proposals, metrics, budget exhibits and other program related data drills. The program analyst may conduct work simplifications and measurement studies, and update or prepare operations and procedures manuals to assist management and project managers in operating more efficiently and effectively or to reduce cost. Examine and improve current governmental programs. Perform research on specific topics or projects, and serve as consultant for the management of those projects. The program analyst must be knowledgeable of systems and activities used by government or private enterprise, gathers information on these systems to find ways to improve or enhance the internal processes used in business or government. Upon completion of these system reviews, also perform numerous writing tasks, including cost studies, reports on the programs they investigate, and written recommendations for improvements, so analytical skills are highly beneficial. Interact with higher management, generally to present reports or provide advice; and also meets with private agencies to obtain information and participate in meetings with program officials and supervisors. Must be creative and the ability to perform problem solving and think outside the box. Distinctive solutions required for each process or program analyzed. Critical thinking and thorough analysis for system or program improvements. Thorough knowledge and experience working with multiple information technology systems. Advanced computer skills, review internal systems and processes that employ computer programs. Must understand how to work with a variety of databases, software systems and computer equipment. Additional responsibilities include analyzing and evaluating statistical reports, participating in meetings with program officials, and investigating findings from other independent investigations. Eligible for Security clearance.