Overview General Summary Installs, maintains and supports the integrity of the end user computing environment and the infrastructure support systems. Configuration of software and resolution of technical problems including documentation of procedures and cross training of support specialists. Will support the production environment and provide feedback on areas where process improvements can be implemented including automation of tasks and a cloud first philosophy. Plans and evaluates network and software systems that will enhance the capabilities of the team and business. Adherence to the ITIL framework. This person will be able to work on complex problems with little oversight. This person will server a mentor to the Systems Admin I position and a leader of projects on the team. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Monitors and analyzes current network performance. Will review and ensure the accuracy of the metrics including reporting out on the metrics. Will provide proactive solutions based on analytical research of the metrics and present findings to the leadership team. Provides third level support for technical support issues. Including knowledge base documentation and training of service desk staff on usage. Provide root cause analysis of complex problems and implement creative solutions to prevent reoccurrences. Project management of large technical project implementations. Including communication, stakeholder management and technical implementation. Develop timelines and budget estimates and provide status reports on the project progress. Assists in disaster recovery planning and testing process. Will be an active participant and a point person in the event of a disaster or major system outage. Assists in setup of user accounts including permissions, file rights and security information. Create and maintain scripts in PowerShell and other scripting languages Maintain and deploy group policy and any other aspects of Active Directory Asset and software inventory management including licensing. Application and network monitoring including metrics reporting. Participates in the development of new procedures and policies related to network systems. Completes documentation of network systems, job functions and procedures. Qualifications Special Skills and Abilities Required This position requires an excellent problem-solving aptitude with analytical and deductive skills. Strong oral and written communication skills. Advanced capabilities using Microsoft office products including Skype, Visio, Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Leadership and mentoring skills for fostering a collaborative work environment. A motivated self-starter with the ability to prioritize and make decisions with confidence. Knowledge of: Operating systems; current equipment and technologies in use; Windows system administration, enterprise backup and recovery procedures, and system performance monitoring tools; effective project management techniques. Ability to: Plan, organize and document complex system design activities and to configure systems to be consistent with institutional policies/procedures; communicate technical/complex information both verbally and in writing; establish and maintain cooperation, understanding, trust and credibility; perform multiple tasks concurrently and respond to emergency situations effectively. Required Knowledge and Experience Bachelor’s degree in computer science or technology field required or equivalent experience. Minimum experience level of 2-6 years in information technologies. Knowledge and ability to work with vendors. Ensure vendors meet or exceed their service level agreements Ability to interact with wide range of individuals throughout organization. Experience with network cabling configurations and installation process. Experience with network and application management monitoring tools. Performs other duties as assigned. This job description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by an employee assigned to this position. The description is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, knowledge, skills and abilities, and working conditions associated with this position. All requirements are subject to possible modification and reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities.