Software Developer - Authentication Remote possible Who is Affinity? Affinity is a privately held national Solutions Consulting firm based out of Milwaukee. We serve as strategic advisors and thought leaders to our high- caliber clients. Our clients and employees value our approach as a company “big enough to do complex, high impact work, but small enough to truly care”. We focus on hiring motivated, intelligent professionals who have a passion for their work and a desire to grow along with us. Visit our website to learn more about us and all the exciting things we are doing here at Affinity: www.affinityit.com. What will you do in this role? As a member of the Identity Management team, you will collaborate with a larger software engineering team to design and develop and test software for identity and access management solutions, while working in an agile development environment, building state of the art software solutions. Requirements: 5+ years of experience with web services frameworks and/or technologies such as Java, Spring, Springboot, REST, JSON Experience with Federated Identity Management (FIM) Experience with common development practices including CI/CD pipelines, test automation, agile development, etc Experience with open-source authentication protocols and related technology including OpenID Connect, oAuth2.0, and SAML Experience with third-party IAM products such as CA SiteMinder, PingFederate, and other PingIdentity products Experience with back-end or full-stack web development Experience with relational database development and related technologies Experience with directory-based technologies and LDAP Experience with common development practices including CI/CD pipelines, test automation, agile development, distributed version control, etc. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or similar fields Open minded team player! What we offer: Competitive base salary Full benefits including full medical, dental, 401K, PTO and holiday, disability, life, A culture of collaboration Challenging work Contemporary and emerging technologies The opportunity for high-impact work Respected partners Entrepreneurial spirit Collaborative performance reviews and career planning Personalized training and career development Opportunities for advancement Apply here or contact our fulfillment team directly! JANE KNAUS Fulfillment Leader Direct: 310.316.3737 jknaus@affinityit.com Make sure to follow us on our LinkedIn company page for new job postings. https://www.linkedin.com/company/265359/