Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Assistant Project Manager - Store Design Manager, Store Design Job Description We are seeking a smart, creative Assistant Project Manager to organize and implement the design of our retail stores for all concepts, including, new stores, relocations, fixture design, franchises, shop-in-shops, remodels, and special projects About the Team You will be part of the Real Estate and Store Development team responsible for building the pipeline for new stores and maintaining our existing fleet of retail stores across the globe for all seven WSI brands. Our job is to ensure that every WSI store location is in the most relevant shopping venues in each market, produces a strong return in line with our corporate initiatives and ultimately provides the best shopping experience possible for our customers. About the Role The Assistant Project Manager, Store Design will be an important asset to the Store Development team, reporting into the VP, Store Design. In this role, the Assistant Project Manager, Store Design will be the point person for all vendors, ensuring that all deadlines are met and relaying all communication relating to projects and ad hoc to the team. You will work with a diverse team that is focused on delivering outstanding support to our network of locations both domestically and internationally. You will be connected to internal business partners, including visual merchandising, IT, loss prevention, and store operations team and organize regular meetings with each group. You will work with the Store Design team to create design packages for real estate committee meetings for each project for executive approval Manages a network of external architects and consultants to meet cost, schedule, and quality expectations for each project Collaborates closely with construction and procurement team partners to ensure projects complete on time and on budget Works with leadership in Store Development Department to study aspects of the business as they relate to cost. Supports VP, Store Design by issuing meeting notes, scheduling meetings and conference calls and processing expense reports. You're excited about this opportunity because you will... Support and coordinate the design development, interdepartmental coordination, and internal approvals while maintaining company design standards Coordinate and oversee project progress with architect, engineers, contractors, vendors, local authority having jurisdiction, property owners, and internal stakeholders Coordinate and manage drawings sets, fixture shop drawings, physical mock-ups, material samples and department archives. Manage procurement and all direct suppliers Maintain and coordinate construction schedules to reach business goals Accurately report any variations within project spending and forecast Coordinate internal review, approval, and disputed change orders and design changes Travel to project locations as required Implement innovative store designs and fixture designs to support changing brand and merchant needs Support entire design process from initial transmittal from Real Estate to resolution of design details through construction until completion We're excited about you because... You have a Bachelor's degree, preferably in in Construction Management, Architecture or related Design program (i.e. Interior Design). Knowledge of Specialty Finishes, Furniture Design, Art and Art History is also a plus. You have a minimum of 3 years relevant experience working in architecture or design-related field. Work experience in retail is also a plus. You have exceptional communication and prioritization skills You have project management skills with excellent attention to detail You have the ability to manage timelines and meet deadlines/ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced and results-driven environment You have the ability and desire to travel at least 25% of the time You have competency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and are proficient with Adobe Creative Suite You have the ability to read and understand architectural drawings and plans and materials provided by Real Estate. Able to lift at least 25 pounds unassisted This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship Why you will love working at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. We're a successful, fast-growing company with an entrepreneurial vibe A technologically and data-driven business Competitive salaries, and comprehensive health benefits We're at the forefront of tech and retail, redefining technology for the next generation We're passionate about our internal and external clients and live/breathe the client experience We get to be creative daily A smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right and is open to new ideas We believe in autonomy and reward taking initiative We have fun! About Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Founded in 1956, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is the premier specialty retailer of high-quality products for the kitchen and home in the United States. Our family of brands are Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, PBteen, West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation, and Mark and Graham. These brands are among the best known and most respected in the industry. We offer beautifully-designed, stylish and functional products for every area of the home, including the kitchen, living room, bedroom, home office, closet, laundry room and even outdoor spaces. We've seen some big changes since our first brick-and-mortar store opened more than half of a century ago. What hasn't changed is our passion for high-quality products, functional design, outstanding customer service, and enhancing the lives of our customers and the communities where we operate. Today, we're a multi-brand, multi-channel, global enterprise supported by state-of-the-art technology and some of the most talented teams in retailing - and we're always looking for new energy and ideas. _EEO Language automatically populated in RM:_ _Williams-Sonoma Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance._