We are looking for a motivated and passionate research specialist to join our diverse team in San Francisco. You will be working across marketing, design, and product teams to inform our strategy and represent the voice of our customers. Your research will focus on qualitative but have the ability to connect qualitative insights to parallel quantitative research efforts. What You'll Do Work cross-functionally with product, design, marketing, and business to identify research needs and plans Design and execute qualitative research programs on budget and time Uncover and synthesize qualitative needs of our target audiences and existing customers Connect qualitative data to quantitative insights Identify opportunity areas for new marketing/messaging as well as product features Work with product team to test ideas and provide feedback loops during the design process of products and features Work with marketing to evaluate and test new messaging and storytelling Synthesize insights and communicate back to the organization effectively Minimum Qualifications Min of 3 years of relevant experience in a professional environment, preferably in a technology company or research consulting firm Expert in a wide variety of qualitative research methodologies Strong at synthesis Strong storytelling, data visualization, and presentation skills Additional Qualifications You are experienced at conducting international/cross-cultural research. You must be able to multitask and keep on track in a fast-paced environment. You have attention to detail and are highly organized. You are a self-starter who takes initiative to build programs and deliver analysis before it’s asked for. You have strong teamwork and collaboration skills (e.g., could manage a project with a 3rd-party vendor and can work both externally with partners and customers as well as internally with diverse team members). You have a strong ability to empathize with various consumer groups A Bit About Us Molekule is a San Francisco-based science and clean technology company that has developed a fundamentally new approach to clean polluted air. While current air purifiers try to catch pollutants in filters, Molekule uses nanotechnology to break down and completely eliminate pollutants on a molecular level. It’s new technology is the only one able to destroy the full spectrum of pollutants of allergens, bacteria, viruses, mold, and airborne chemicals. The technology was developed over the past 20 years at the University of Florida. Molekule is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.