Job Description: At the Red Cross, there is no such thing as a small disaster. In every single case it is the Red Cross' mission to help people affected by disaster meet their emergency needs that include shelter, food, clothing, and health and mental health services. As a paid staff member, you will support our loyal Red Cross disaster volunteers who serve selflessly to provide a bridge of assistance until individuals and families can resume a normal life. Our disaster volunteers are the heart and soul of our mission to respond to emergencies and provide relief to victims of disasters. They serve in a number of capacities, including Disaster Action Team Member, Disaster Assessment, Caseworker, Mass Care Feeding, Emergency Response Vehicle (ERV) Driver, Shelter Manager/Staff, Disaster Health Services and Disaster Mental Health. The American Red Cross Michigan Region is seeking a Disaster Program Manager (DPM). This position will be based in our Detroit, MI Chapter. As a DPM, the work hours may vary and the selected candidate needs to be flexible to work on call 24/7 to cover disasters, attend weekend events and travel as requested for deployments, meetings and trainings. You must have a valid driver's license to operate a Red Cross vehicle! JOB SUMMARY: The Disaster Program Manager (DPM) is responsible for either providing functional expertise to the Regional Disaster Officer and Volunteer Leadership at a regional level or taking full cycle responsibility to provide service delivery programs within a defined geography under the supervision and authority of a Senior DPM or Regional Disaster Officer. To accomplish this, the DPM will be responsible for the development and leadership of volunteers, as well as implementing and developing initiatives to increase Red Cross visibility through program/service delivery. Acts as a program or service subject matter expert (SME) to staff, management, volunteers and external partners. The DPM will accomplish this responsibility largely through the development, operational guidance, and support of a team of trained volunteer leaders, volunteers and partners that will stand ready to deliver/support the services of disaster preparedness, response, and recovery programs in the assigned jurisdiction. These teams will operate as part of a tiered mutual aid structure (local/regional/divisional/national), serving as the front line of support to local communities. These services include but are not limited to; response to recurrent local disasters (house fires, floods, etc.), capacity building for mass care service delivery, participation in the Home Fire Campaign, and direct assistance and recovery services to those impacted by disasters. The Disaster Program Manager performs these functions according to the guidance provided by the Regional Disaster Officer; team leadership is provided by the RDO. This position reports directly to the Senior DPM or the RDO; and may have a dotted line to Community Executives in the territory they cover. RESPONSIBILITIES: 1\. Program Management and Engagement: DPMs are responsible for the implementation of the Disaster Cycle Services program in a territory in alignment with established metrics and may be assigned the following duties at the discretion of the region. Drivers for these additional responsibilities include the number of municipalities within its coverage area, the amount and complexity of program activity, presence of significant grant funding, geography, risk, population, frequency of events, and regional structure. Manages volunteer recruitment and leadership identification: § Leads and supports ongoing volunteer recognition and engagement opportunities § Serves in planning capacity in anticipation of larger response and recovery scenarios (this may include divisional coordination, multi-agency planning, and participation in local/regional/national deployment opportunities). § Leads and/or assists with the implementation of training efforts, community preparedness opportunities, and the support to other American Red Cross stakeholders Represent part of a broader Disaster Cycle Services team within the American Red Cross that is prepared to mobilize in support of disaster events across the country. In support of this, the Disaster Program Manager must be prepared to assist in the mobilization and support of local resources (volunteers, equipment, and supplies), as well as potential deployment themselves to serve in a leadership capacity on a relief operation outside of their area of responsibility. Partners with Executive Directors and all Red Cross lines of service to include Biomedical Services, Service to Armed Forces, International Services, Development, Communications and Preparedness Health and Safety Services to ensure the most collaborative, impactful and effective delivery of services. 2\. Management of Volunteers & Staff:Identifies and develops volunteer leaders who can act in facilitative leader roles across the disaster cycle, coordinating internally and with partners to foster a Red Cross that aligns with government and works to enable the entire community to participate in all phases of the disaster cycle by shifting from being not only a provider of direct services but also a convener and facilitative leader. Hires, trains, coaches, counsels, supports and evaluates performance of direct reports, volunteer leaders and volunteers. Supports and develops a primarily volunteer team responsible for the implementation of disaster preparedness, response, and recovery programs in the local area. Ensures the development of Disaster Leadership Volunteers in each of the program support functional areas of the disaster cycle in order to meet the needs of the territory, region, state and division. 3\. Local Planning, Training Development, Community Outreach: Within scope of position, represents the entire disaster cycle of preparedness, response and recovery. Ensures that American Red Cross services are available to diverse communities. Implements the DCS structure and develops the team that mobilizes the local community to prepare for, respond to and recover from emergencies, meeting the needs and expectations of clients and stakeholders. Develops human and material resources (volunteers, partners, community agencies, shelter and vendor agreements etc.) to ensure the full cycle of disaster services is delivered. Provide oversight and support to local responses through the deployment of volunteer leaders and volunteers on a daily basis in a rapid and accessible manner. If qualified volunteer leadership is unavailable, serve during times of disaster as the operational leadership. In conjunction with program support functions in a region, collaborate in local planning, exercises and training, including exercises called by local partners Volunteer Organizations Active in Disaster, Emergency Management Agencies and Local Emergency Planning Committees (VOADs, EMAs and LEPCs). _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required._ QUALIFICATIONS: Education: Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience: Minimum of 3-5 years' experience with social services or service/program delivery, and providing leadership to a department, program or service. Demonstrated experience in coordinating staff and volunteer activities. Ability to interpret program trends, results, and related data to formulate recommendations. Ability to manage multiple priorities with strong skills in planning and problem-solving. Ability to relate well and effectively with diverse groups and individuals. Management Experience: Minimum of 1-3 years staff management experience. Skills and Abilities: Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to coach and or mentor to accomplish work through team leaders. Develops project plans & budgets. Demonstrates in-depth knowledge of program or service. Demonstrated ability in creating presentations and developing training modules. Develops strategies to achieve organizational goals. Demonstrated analytical and decision- making skills to develop creative processes for continuous program or service improvements. Demonstrated analytical and decision-making skills to develop creative processes for continuous program or service improvements. Proven track record of collaboration, facilitation, problem solving, marketing, leadership, and partnership management. Additionally, this position requires ability for planning, public speaking, project management and process improvement. Individual must be customer oriented, organized, and able to operate with an orientation toward solutions with an external focus, and team orientation. Other: Intermediate level proficiency with MS Office software, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Familiarity with federal, state, and local employment laws. Must be able to perform all assigned responsibilities under "grey sky" requirements. This position is also responsible for ensuring that all American Red Cross finance policies and procedures are followed as related to the scope of work. Travel: May involve travel. Other Requirements: Upon employment, must be able to learn and become proficient in: ARC programs and procedures Volunteer Management Financial Management Cultural Competency Emergency Management Practices Community Government Partnerships Supply chain and warehousing Disaster technical expertise Job Type: This position can be filled by an employee or a volunteer. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements: Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. Work Conditions: Work is performed indoors with some potential for exposure to safety and health hazards related to emergency services relief work. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster. This position is an exposure determination 0 in view of the fact that normal work involves no exposure to blood or blood components and/or human body fluids or tissue samples as a result of splashes, spills, and/or needlesticks or performance of or assistance in first aid. If this sounds like the kind of opportunity that you've been waiting for, please apply at: https://americanredcross.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/American_Red_Cross_Careers _Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day._ _The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law._ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee's professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment.