The Building Engineer will perform preventive and routine maintenance and repairs on buildings and systems; including but not limited to HVAC, electrical, plumbing, carpentry and general building repairs ,furniture moves , life safety and associated systems and other duties as assigned. The Building Engineer will work closely with the Operations Director to ensure the reliable operation of building systems, physical appearance, safety and security of all facilities. The position reports to the Operations Director. Duties and Responsibilities: Providing maintenance and upkeep of school building on a daily basis Performing preventive and routine maintenance and repairs on building and systems; including but not limited to HVAC, electrical, plumbing, carpentry, painting ,general building repairs, life safety and associated systems Completing assigned work and maintenance requests in a timely and professional manner Executing emergency procedures on building systems and sub-systems Performing trash and snow removal as needed Climbing ladders to replace lamps and to work on equipment Performing operational checks to ensure equipment is operating within parameters and at maximum efficiencies Lifting equipment, tools, and building supplies Maintaining equipment logs, records, operational data and history Ordering equipment and supplies as needed for the maintenance of the school building Other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Director of Operations Qualifications: Must have a Class “A” Engineers license for Boilers or must be able to obtain the license with-in the 1st year of hire Must have Building Certification Type A, HVAC Certification and EPA Universal HVAC license Ability to climb ladders and lift 55lbs or more Ability to work in confined spaces Maintain building exterior and curb appeal (i.e. snow removal, lawn care , trash removal) Excellent verbal, written and communication skills Must be effective working independently with little or no supervision Strong organizational skills and proficient in establishing priorities Ability to communicate and cooperatively work with a diverse group of people Must have Valid Driver’s License Must be able to pass background check Education and Experience: High School and/or Trade Vocational School Graduate Required certification and/or experience in building related trades in one (1) or more areas: HVAC , Electric, Plumbing and/or Carpentry Minimum three (3) years commercial HVAC service, repair or maintenance experience with rooftop units preferred Five (5) years of related experience and/or training in a facilities maintenance position Experience working on complex equipment components, computer systems and blueprints Experience or interest in an urban high school setting Physical Requirements: Sitting, talking, hearing, and seeing; Driving, standing for long periods, walking, climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, crawling, pushing, pulling, feeling, reaching, lifting heavy equipment, grasping, twisting above the waist, bending at waist, repetitive hand and arm motion, and fine finger manipulation in the use of a computer. Climb ladders, enter crawl spaces, exertion of force, manipulation of hand and/or foot controls. About Mastery: We believe educational inequity is the most pressing social problem facing our country and the civil rights issue of our day. Mastery exists to help solve this problem. Our ultimate goal is to create a model urban school district that serves all students with excellence. We are organized around one driving mission: All students learn the academic and personal skills they need to be truly prepared for postsecondary success and able to pursue their dreams. To fulfill this mission, we attend to the whole child – academically and emotionally – matching high expectations for students with high levels of support. Mastery Charter Schools is a nonprofit network of more than 20 schools serving over 13,500 students in Philadelphia and Camden. We are the largest turnaround school operator in the nation and have been lauded by President Obama and the US Department of Education for our ability to dramatically boost academic achievement in historically low-performing schools. We know neighborhood schools matter, all students deserve access to a great education, and the people in our building can grow and develop sustainably to make the biggest impact possible in this work. Mastery Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. We offer a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.