_....Tag you're it!!!!!...._ _Our “IT factor” means we are the best in what we do and are always striving to be even better!_ _Team “IT FACTOR”_ Berkshire Communities is a nationally respected property management team that creates memorable and valuable experiences for all of our stakeholders by attracting fun, engaging talent that is committed to excellence in everything we do! We own and manage our own properties, and we have one asset that sets us apart from the others –Berkshire people. We offer 3 weeks of vacation, personal development plans, great insurance, a 25% rent discount (and so much more!)... Take a look at what makes us different…. Our vision is to kindle an exceptional experience one relationship, one investment, one neighborhood, at a time. _Here is what your day might look like...._ As one of our Leasing Consultants your day is all about PEOPLE!! Being enthusiastic and creative while knowing what drives the market makes you a top-notch sales person! Your people-loving soul, who is a home finding helper, makes you a hero! So, here are a few of the things that we believe are essential to being the best Leasing Consultant there is: You have to LOVE people, all kinds of people!! You must be able to “seal the deal”! Expectations of at least a 20% closing ratio Maintain a professional and friendly atmosphere in the leasing office and other areas where prospective residents and residents gather Be an inspector! Tour routes and models are your showcase; make sure they look their best! Maintain awareness of local market conditions and trends Contribute ideas to the Property Manager for marketing property and improving resident satisfaction Maintain professional resident communications via verbal and written communications Provide excellent customer service to all prospective, existing residents and your team members Have exceptional administrative skills with attention to detail _Here are some of the things you have already conquered!_ You have at least two years of transferable experience in customer service You have the ability to adapt to new technologies You are proficient in writing, speaking and understanding the English language Be fun! Have Energy! Be the energizer bunny! _We Believe:_ Berkshire Communities is committed to providing equal opportunity in all practices, which affect employees and applicants for employment. The company shall ensure that decisions affecting employees are made without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, citizenship, genetic information, or any other protected category under federal, state or local law. Berkshire's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy requires the commitment of every Property Manager and Supervisor. All employees are expected to participate in and actively support these efforts.