We accompany our customers every step of the way from the moment they partner with us to the end of their journey. We bring passion to what we do every day because what we do matters to real people. We share happy and sad moments with our customers, we laugh and cry with them, and we build relationships that go far beyond a business partnership. We are a group of ambitious, intelligent, hard-working, and fun people. If you are passionate about helping real hard working people, love technology, aren't afraid of a challenge or two, and have a desire to push yourself to your maximum potential, our CS team is where you belong. Customer Support Advocate As a Customer Support Advocate you will become an important member of the Customer Support team, influence the company's continued success, and represent ServiceTitan to its customers. What you'll do Assist customers with all aspects of our software via phone, chat, email and screen-sharing sessions, with a primary focus on customer satisfaction Become a ServiceTitan product expert and help both customers and coworkers succeed via knowledge sharing and identifying creative solutions to unique workflow needs Utilize Support tools such as the Salesforce Support Console to efficiently handle customer cases and track personal performance Be a part of a tight-knit team, working together to provide superior technical support and maintain a positive environment Troubleshoot and submit bugs to our developers and act as the primary driver from bug ticket creation through resolution Champion customer needs internally by providing feedback and escalating cases, ensuring that they receive the attention they deserve Travel on-site to our customers’ businesses in order to assist with their initial ServiceTitan launch (frequency is a few times annually) What you'll need Excellent people skills: must be empathetic, patient, confident, good-humored, and able to interact well with a broad spectrum of personality types Strong communicator in both written and verbal form A clear view on what constitutes top tier customer support and capable of executing on that view Ability to work smoothly within a team and understands that we succeed or fail together Capable of efficiently learning and using complex software as well as teaching aspects of that software to others An efficient and effective problem-solver with strong critical thinking skills and troubleshooting abilities Intelligent, self-motivated, quick thinking, and fast learning Keeps a cool head and maintains organization and attention to detail while multitasking in a challenging, fast-paced environment Quickbooks/accounting knowledge a plus A desire to be the best person you can be! About ServiceTitan ServiceTitan is a mobile, cloud-based software platform that helps home services companies streamline operations, improve customer service, and grow their business. ServiceTitan's end-to-end solution for the multi-billion dollar residential home services industry includes CRM, intelligent dispatch, custom reporting, marketing automation, mobile solution for field techs, and accounting integration with Intacct and QuickBooks. ServiceTitan brings a fully operational modern SaaS infrastructure to an industry traditionally underserved by software. ServiceTitan is the preferred software for hundreds of the world's most successful plumbing, HVAC, and electrical companies. For more information about ServiceTitan, visit www.ServiceTitan.com ( http://www.servicetitan.com ). Inc 5000 - Best Workplaces 2018 Mogul Top 1000 Companies Worldwide for Millennial Women 2018 Glassdoor/Battery Ventures Highest Rated Cloud Computing Companies to Work 2018 Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Company for 2017 Inc. 5000 – America’s Fastest Growing Companies 2017 Forbes - Next Billion-Dollar Startup List 2017