We believe there are many problems in the world in which robotics could play a significant role in making it easier, faster and safer for people to get things done. We’re looking for roboticists, designers, hardware and software engineers to help us explore these possibilities, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help millions of people. As an experienced Machine Learning Software Engineer, you’ll work on addressing some hard unsolved problems combining robotics, machine learning and robot simulation. You are excited about leveraging simulation for robot learning and transferring the controllers that are learned in simulations to real robots. In a team of software engineers, roboticists and machine learning researchers, you are expected to implement machine learning techniques to solve robot learning and sim-to-real transfer problem. X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world- changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x]. Responsibilities Work closely with the rest of the team to propose and implement machine learning algorithms (e.g., domain adaptation, domain randomization) to solve robot learning and sim-to-real transfer problem. Run experiments on physical robots and in simulation, and analyze the data to bridge the reality gap between simulated robots and real robots. Work on bridging the reality gap between simulated robots and real robots. Participate in end to end testing from writing unit, functional, regression and integration tests. Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams across geographical locations. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Robotics, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with machine learning algorithm development. Experience with one or more machine learning framework (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe). Preferred qualifications: Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science, Robotics or equivalent practical experience. Strong machine learning development experience in the field of robotics, simulation. Experience with using simulation for robotics or deep learning. Experience writing highly optimized and efficient code in Python, C, or C++. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.