The Bedford-Stuyvesant Family Health Center (BSFHC) is a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC) that serves all of the primary health care needs of families in the heart of North and Central Brooklyn for over 40 years. Our mission is to provide the most professional, courteous and highest quality health care, with dignity, to those we serve, especially the undeserved population, without regard for ability to pay. In addition to operating the Health Centers, we operate in School-Based Health Centers to increase the accessibility and availability of quality primary and preventive physical and mental health care to pre-school, elementary, middle and secondary school students in high-risk areas of Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. We are seeking a Healthcare Data Analyst to join our team. This position supports the design, development, implementation, and coordination of complex data compilation and analyses that promote and support population health management initiatives, the goals of which are to improve the health of the population and lower costs of care. The ideal candidate identifies and helps to secure needed data and develops innovative analyses through understanding of the care delivery model and the business need for information. The ideal candidate works closely with the Data Manager to design, build and implements data structures and analytical systems so they serve complex reporting requirements. The ideal candidate prepares effective analytical results in reports, presentations, abstracts, graphs or summaries for non-technical users to gain the business intelligence needed to promote effectiveness. ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBLITIES AND DUTIES: Duties and Responsibilities include but not limited to: Serve as a subject matter expert on UDS, Meaningful Use, PCMH and quality management programs Extract clinical data from existing information systems (e.g. eClinicalworks, ) Develop new methodologies to track new relevant clinical data (e.g. matching cases with outcomes data in order to support continuous improvement of care delivered) Develop clinical performance reports and reporting platforms to increase transparency and information flow among providers, administrators, and other management. Provide necessary analytical support to clinicians and management in order to improve quality and consistency of the care provided Work on low and medium-level complexity projects independently and seek guidance as appropriate on highly complex tasks. Responsible for the monthly reporting and tracking of results to management. Provide analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: provider data, member data, clinical data, internal and external reporting. Extract, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and/or sources. Review data to identify operational impacts and recommended actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management. Develop reports and deliverables and make recommendations to management Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data warehouse analytical tools Presentation of reports using data visualization software (Tableau) Perform detailed data quality audits and analysis on assigned projects, recommend potential business solutions and assist with implementation Assist in developing, implementing and helping deploy performance dashboards. Identify ways to enhance performance management and operational reports related to new business implementation and process initiative improvement processes EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Healthcare, Informatics, Analytics or related field 2-4 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience in healthcare industry Prior UDS, Meaningful Use, PCMH experience prefer Knowledge of e-Clinical Works (eCW), Azara, or Bridge IT a plus Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, interpret and visualize data from multiple sources with attention to detail and accuracy PC proficiency and Super User in Excel and databases Excellent writing , reporting and communications skills Benefits Overview: We offer attractive compensation with comprehensive benefits including: Medical, 401k Retirement Plan with discretionary Match, Free Life Insurance and Long-Term Disability, Transportation Plan, Generous Paid Vacations and Holidays. BSFHC IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER