WHAT WOULD I BE DOING IN THIS ROLE AT INTROHIVE? As an Introhive Solutions Consultant, you’ll spend every day helping those around you get the most out of Introhive products and services. You’ll help prospective and existing clients by understanding their unique needs and proposing a solution including Introhive products and services to meet those needs. Your passion for business development and artificial intelligence makes people want to open up to you, and your expertise in sales and marketing technology and how to accomplish nearly anything using the Introhive platform makes you a trusted advisor. You’re excited to speak to everyone from sales and marketing professionals to a CIO or CEO, and your demos and presentations provoke gasps of amazement, if not outright applause. WHAT WOULD MY MAIN DUTIES BE? The Solutions Consultant is an expert in Introhive products and services, assists Sales in qualifying and planning for client engagements, gathering client requirements, and writing/presenting/demoing proposed solutions to clients. Specific duties include: Be a subject matter expert in Introhive products, including architecture, functionality, security, usage, and deployment. Work closely with sales in discovery sessions with prospects to map customer requirements to Introhive technology capabilities Develop and deliver custom demos and presentations to key decision makers to address critical business issues and needs Communicate with prospective clients to differentiate the Introhive solution from competitors, anticipating and handling objections along the way Develop proposals for Introhive solutions and contribute to RFP responses Provide rapid, accurate responses to questions from sales staff in the field Other duties as assigned WHAT IS INTROHIVE LOOKING FOR FROM ME? 3-5 years experience in a related role such as CRM, training, pre-sales engineering, marketing technology, or consulting Excellent oral and written communication skills, customer service skills, product demonstration skills, and presentation skills Basic understanding of web-services, CRM and database technology Proven ability to craft a solution and develop proposals and RFP responses with appropriate products and services based on client discussions Willing and able to travel. 40%+ Fluent in English required, additional language skills a major plus While we are biased, we think this a great opportunity. The right candidate will join a successful high growth company that has quickly become leader within our space and join a team that has proven success in building enterprise products and businesses that customers love.