Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Enterprise Quality Architect is responsible for improving quality across the enterprise by providing standards, best practices and processes. This team member plays a significant role in designing and implementing software systems with a quality-first mindset and also helps identify, communicate and resolve quality issues at the enterprise level. Responsibilities Facilitate collaboration across delivery teams to ensure implementation of overall standards, best practices and continuous improvement topics, such as unit testing, continuous delivery, code reviews and test automation Collaboratively define quality gates for projects, such as code coverage, security scans, performance targets, etc. Mentor, train and support other teams and team members in overall testing processes and strategy, automation, performance and load, scalability, high availability, test case/data management, disaster recovery, security, and full integration testing Be an advocate for positive technological and quality changes Design, create and build next-generation, quality-focused architectures and concepts Ensure that the Quality Community at Quicken Loans is successful and thriving by organizing knowledge-sharing sessions and social gatherings, sharing best practices and feedback, and fostering collaborative ideas for helping our communities grow Serve as a subject matter expert on issues that impact product quality, performance, scalability and system stability Effectively facilitate and drive quality of an application, including testing strategy, design, code review and retrospective sessions, and perform this process for multiple teams and applications Maintain an intense curiosity and devotion to keeping skills current with market trends and researching newer tools and ideas within the industry Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar field Ability to effectively prioritize and execute on numerous and varied tasks across multiple high-impact, often time-sensitive environments Ability to work with limited direction in a fast-paced environment and deliver results with consistency and accuracy Proficiency with major languages (C/.NET, C/C++, Java, PHP, etc.), scripting languages (VBScript, JavaScript, Perl, Ruby, PHP, etc.), APIs, network protocols, GUI interfaces, XML/JSON and SQL/NoSQL technologies Experience with source control concepts and with TFS and/or Git Eight years of experience with quality assurance methodologies, web-based applications, unit testing and automated testing Strong experience with testing and quality tools, such as QTP/UFT, LoadRunner, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft CodedUI, Microsoft Test Manager, Codeception, BrowserStack/SauceLabs, SoapUI/ReadyAPI, Postman/Fiddler, Selenium, Protractor, etc. What'll Make You Special Master’s degree What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._