Company Overview Caliva is your friendly and trusted cannabis brand. We believe in wellness options that work for your lifestyle; in boosting your spirits and seeking adventure; in motivating the mind, steadying the body and being inspired to create. A true seed to sale company; we cultivate happy plants and happy people and strive to provide California with dependable cannabis options. We were ranked 1 in the nation by Business Insider and stand by our promise of consistency, transparency, and accessibility. Join the Caliva team as a Bookkeeper and become part of something exciting. As one of the largest cannabis companies in the state of California, we pride ourselves in our compliance, professionalism, commitment to quality, and positive atmosphere. Job Description The Bookkeeper will assist in managing our day-to-day accounting and finance requirements. Confidentiality, excellent organizational skills and accuracy are important qualifications for this position, as well as good customer relations and the ability to communicate clearly. The ideal candidate for this position is a skilled multi-tasker, is reliable, team player and is committed to consistently meeting deadlines Duties & Responsibilities Assist in the preparation of monthly financial statements, including profit and loss statements and balance sheets Verifies, allocates and posts details of business transactions to subsidiary accounts in journals or computer files from documents, such as sales slips, invoices, receipts, unit reports, check stubs and computer printouts. Summarizes details in separate ledgers or computer files and transfers data to general ledger, using calculator or computer. Reconciles and balances accounts. Compiles records to show statistics, such as cash receipts and expenditures, accounts payable and receivable, profit and loss, and other items pertinent to the operation of the business. Assists Controller with reports and weekly closing procedures. Performs any other duties as assigned. Qualifications 2-3 years of experience in related accounting field Experienced with QuickBooks. Proficient in MS Office (Excel, Word etc.). Excellent writing and communication skills. Understanding of Payroll and Payroll Taxes a plus.