POSITION PROFILE May do one or more of the following for high-end equipment (segment 5+); roll- fed press operation, copier operation, bindery, fulfillment, QC, final check, pickup/delivery, facility maintenance, mailroom duties. This is an allocated position and exists only when business needs warrant it and must be approved by the Regional Director of Services. This position reports directly to the Site Manager, Site Supervisor or Assistant Site Manager, depending on site personnel configuration. JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Follows Ricoh Service Excellence performance requirements. Responsible for any or all of the following functions including copy and mail center services, convenience copier fleet management, and various support services. Maintenance and operation of high-end production equipment, such as roll-fed continuous production systems. Responsible for the set-up, calibration, and performance of the equipment. Achieves customer satisfaction by consistently preparing, inspecting, compiling, and assembling projects accurately in a timely manner. Meets deadlines by working at a quick & steady pace while still maintaining quality/error free work. Achieves Time Productive statistics by meeting standards established by the facility. Maintains all required reporting tools. Demonstrates the ability to calibrate equipment by producing likeness in color and quality as required matching originals. Demonstrates the ability to transfer files electronically by sending files from the network to color equipment. Produces "error-free/perfect work" by demonstrating the operational knowledge of the use of the duplication equipment used in the location. Maximizes print performance as workflow permits, by simultaneously performing a minimum of two functions on print equipment. Troubleshoots all hardware and software issues with equipment. Maintains optimal machine performance by correcting simple machine problems (clearing jams, refilling toner, replacing machine oil, etc.) and having a working knowledge of machine codes to report, in the event of equipment failure. Presents professional appearance to clients by dressing in a professional attire according to company standards. Presents a clean and organized working area. Maintains and orders inventories of equipment parts in accordance with company guidelines and processes. Meets company attendance standards by reporting to work punctually and working all scheduled hours and any required overtime. Organizes a "job" by validating job name and number, reading instructions on the Job Request Form and organizing supplies. Performs a full range of servicing and repair service procedures including diagnostics, installation, removal and retrofits on a core set of highly complex office products. Demonstrates required digital competencies associated with assigned products and level assignments. Performs troubleshooting and repairs or replaces equipment components as necessary. Completes technical training on new equipment as assigned. Performs other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Experience, and Certifications) Typically Required: Requires high school diploma or equivalent. Requires minimum of 3 years of related experience Experience of three years in a roll-fed printing environment is preferred. Technical aptitude to learn the set-up (including the software controls) and operation of complex printing equipment. Ricoh is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.