Are you data-driven? We at NetApp believe in the transformative power of data – to expand customer touchpoints, to foster greater innovation, and to optimize operations. We are designed for simplicity, optimized to protect, created to embrace future opportunity, and open to enrich choice. We are the data authority for hybrid cloud, and we are helping our customers realize the full potential of their data. We’ve built a Data Fabric for a data-driven world – to simplify and integrate data management across the resources that are best for the business. With the Data Fabric, our customers can harness the power of cloud data services, build cloud infrastructures, and modernize storage through data management. Job Summary We are currently seeking an experienced Sr. Solutions Architect to be the key technical expert on a team selling strategic cloud solutions to the large Enterprise and Cloud Service Provider/Hosting marketplaces. The successful candidate will have a strong background in cloud solutions, hyper-converged, converged infrastructure, data storage, networking, and virtualization combined with a unique ability to evangelize and differentiate game-changing technology. This is your opportunity to join a high-powered team selling an industry-changing product within an extremely high-growth sector of the tech industry. Essential Duties & Responsibilities The Solutions Architect participates in account sales strategy and is responsible for all technical due-diligence during the sales cycle for the assigned accounts. Fundamental ownership of all technical aspects associated with customer accounts resides here. Additional responsibilities of the Senior Solutions Architect include: Build in-depth knowledge of clients' technical and business priorities, challenges and initiatives that can be translated into SolidFire solution sales opportunities Prepare and deliver technical product, solution, and architecture presentations at the C-level Manage and support all aspects of technical product evaluations at customer sites Translate and articulate NetApp’s technical benefits into customer specific solutions Lead and/or make significant contributions in response to RFPs, RFQs, and RFIs Develop and deliver technical product demonstrations Represent NetApp at conferences, tradeshows, and other industry events Provide pre-sales customer support: pre-install site surveys, system installation/configuration/test, and user training Create customer case studies and provide input to technical white papers Participate in NetApp's ongoing technical webinar series Work collaboratively with other members of the sales team and serve as key technical advisor Convey customer requirements back to the Product Management team Job Requirements Qualified candidates must have strong technical communication skills (both verbal and written) a competitive, positive attitude, creativity, resourcefulness, team spirit, and unbridled determination. Additionally, you will have strong technical skills coupled with a deep knowledge of and appetite for the rapidly changing private and public cloud ecosystems. More specific requirements include: Value based selling experience, TCO / ROI models In-depth technical knowledge of the storage industry, private and public cloud environments, virtualization and cloud management stacks (ex: OpenStack, vCloud Director, etc.) Previous work experience with a direct sales model including large account selling methodologies Proven successful management of on-site customer POCs Ability to effectively communicate NetApp's technical value proposition, either in-person and via WebEx Demonstrated success establishing product feedback loops into product management Education 8+ years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 6 years and a Master’s degree; or a PhD with 3 years experience; or equivalent experience. So get ready to tap into the data visionary within, and join us as we accelerate digital transformation and empower our customers to change the world with data! If you ask a NetApp employee why they work here, the answer is inevitably the same: the people. At NetApp, our culture is at the heart of what we do. We place importance in trust, integrity, teamwork, and caring above all else. NetApp is a place where people are empowered to make a difference. Empowered to innovate. Empowered to collaborate. Empowered to help ourselves and others be data-driven and change the world. We take care of each other, our customers, our partners, and our communities simply because it’s the right thing to do. We work hard but also recognize the importance of work-life balance for our employees because what’s important to them is important to us! Recently we implemented Family First, which encourages employees to take paid time off to bond with a new child (through birth or adoption) or to care for a family member with a serious health condition. Our volunteer time off program is best in class, offering employees 40 hours of paid time off per year to donate their time with their favorite organizations. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, wellness and vision plans for you and your family. We offer educational assistance, legal services, and access to discounts and fitness centers. We also offer financial savings programs to help you plan for your future. Join us and see what empowerment can do. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled