Basic Function The IT Data Integration Engineer is responsible for the implementation and roll out of tasks and projects that can include configuring web service integrations leveraging an Integration Platform as a service (IPaas) application, designing custom solutions to import legacy client data, and building custom reports and data extractions across all current and future systems at Susan G. Komen. The IT Data Integration Engineer is responsible for participating in requirements analysis and decomposition, design, development, internal testing, and the documentation of same for the application-application integrations. The position is part of the IT Solutions Development team and works in collaboration with the Revenue departments. Primary Responsibilities Examine and determine various data set file formats, data field separation mechanism, and database import/export approaches. Program data import, data analysis, data export, and reporting applications with software tools that work in disparate systems. Work with analysts and Business Users to translate functional specifications into technical designs for implementation and deployment. Build extensible data acquisition and integration solutions to meet the functional and non-functional requirements of the business. Mentor others regarding setup and development of integration technologies, including internal toolsets, and partner configurations. Develop data translation objects and data processing flow using current tools and software. Design, test and implement data translation objects (maps) Perform impact analysis and other change related activities. Optimize data integration platform to provide optimal performance under increasing data volume. Develop standards to ensure data quality and integrity across various database systems. Develop data standards according to the organization’s information services policies as well as best practices Evaluate the results of the integration projects, monitor andprepare exception reports for the same. Provide input regarding the most appropriate integration architecture for the organization’s needs. Serve as a business partner with a solid understanding of front end processes to ensure business needs are met. Position Qualifications Minimum Requirements The qualified candidate must have: 5-7 years’ experience in IT development/data integration/application integration 2 years’ experience with MS SQL Server and corresponding tools and technologies 3 years’ experience in ETL and EAI 2 years’ experience mapping data structures Experience with C, .Net, SalesForce Experience with XML, JSON, knowledge of web services (SOAP and REST) Experience utilizing quality assurance/testing procedures to ensure good product delivery Ability to prepare data flow diagram and data mapping documentation Understand and able to create architectural documents Ability to program with APIs provided by disparate vendors Skills and knowledge of relational database management systems Preferred Requirements Hands on experience with IPaaS technology platform such as Dell Boomi , Flowgear or MuleSoft.