We are looking for a Pega Senior Systems Architect . This individual will be part of a team which will be responsible for using business and technical requirements and architecting solutions based on the delivery schedule. Pega Developer will be accountable for ensuring the business and technical architecture of the delivered solution matches customer technical and functional requirements, and commits to Customer Success (realization of business benefit) To design Business Process Management (BPM) and Business Rules Engines (BRE) applications using PegaSystems' Pega Rules Process Commander (PRPC 6.0 Required Skills: Minimum 6-8 years of application development with 5+ years’ development experience in Pega. Rules Process commanderCommander (PRPC). Hands on experience in Pega 7 required. Specific experience in Banking or Healthcare Industry Will be a plus. Experience working in an agile (SCRUM/Pega Smart BPM) Software Development project lifecycle. Should have experience or willingness to work in an Offshore-Onsite model. Certified PEGA Senior System Architect (SSA). Responsibilities: Working with Pega API”S and Engine API”S OOTB features. Management of new and existing business through the SFDC workflow management ntool. User friendly interface to display the status of the implementation. Minimum Qualification: PRPC v5.5 Certified systems architect. Experience in SOAP UI,PL/SQL ,MS Visio and Tomcat. Experience in Oracle 10g. Desired Qualification: Sun Certified Programmer for Java. Sound experience in requirement analysis, design development and production support. We are looking for applicants who have a flair for technology and are willing to take up challenging assignments. Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 75 development and delivery centers worldwide and approximately 187,400 employees as of June 30, 2014, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P; 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Visit us online atwww.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter:Cognizant Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Business Rule Devlpmnt in Pega PL3 Desired 2 Pega UI Development PL3 Desired 3 PEGA BPM Process Modeling PL2 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Dearborn, Michigan, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 10 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.