Job Brief Implementation Project Administrator Yakima, WA Employment duration: Full time Exempt Status: Non-exempt Offer Relocation?: No This is a temporary position. Responsible for reviewing reports and identifying data elements and then enter into computerized equipment database. Serves as the subject matter expert in the implementation process for an equipment inventory system and associated processes. This position will also require individual to travel to local and remote clinics to physically count inventory equipment. Information gathered from the physical inventory will be entered into the database. This position will work with clinic administrators and other staff while onsite. Qualifications Education: Bachelor Degree in business-related field. Proven experience may be substituted for education on a year for year basis. Experience: Minimum of 2 years of relevant experience. Licenses/Certificates/Registration: Current Washington State driver’s license and proof of automobile liability insurance required. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities Required: Must possess strong organizational skills and be able to handle multiple projects in various stages of completion with attention to accuracy. Proven ability to properly handle sensitive information. Demonstrated ability to work remotely without supervision. Must possess good communication skills to schedule site visits and work effectively with site management and staff while completing physical inventory. Working knowledge of computers and Microsoft Excel are required. About YVFWC We serve more than 149,000 across 24 medical clinics, 12 dental clinics, 8 pharmacies, and 59 program sites in two states. We are Level 3 Certified as a Patient-Centered Medical Home (PCMH). With integrated services including medical, dental, pharmacy, orthodontia, primary care nutritional counseling, autism screening, and primary care behavioral health, YVFWC’s patient-centered model of care offers patients the full spectrum of care and shelter assistance, energy assistance, weatherization, HIV and AIDS counseling and testing, home visits, and four mobile medical/dental clinics. Working at YVFWC Working in our organization means being the passionate champion for those who have no voice. It means having the opportunity to work with underserved populations and with peers committed to the same work. At Farm Workers Clinic: We will consistently trust one another to work for the common good. We will foster integrity by demonstrating ethical behavior and insisting on doing what we say we will do. We will demonstrate transparency by being candid and truthful no matter the risk. We will create partnerships to strengthen ourselves and our community. We will fight for just treatment for all individuals. We will let joy in. We have the courage to be an agent of change and refuse anything short of excellence. _Our mission celebrates diversity. We are committed to equal opportunity employment._ Back Share Apply Now