We are Farmers! Join a team of diverse professionals at Farmers to acquire skills on the job and apply your learned knowledge to future roles at Farmers. Farmers Insurance also offers extensive training opportunities through the award winning University of Farmers named by Training magazine amongst top 10 corporate training units in the world. Start your career at Farmers today! Job Summary Responsible for a wide range of system design activities. Works at a high level in identifying systems requirements to meet user needs. Designs and maintains multiple systems across multiple platforms. Essential Job Functions Responsible for building and driving alignment to an Enterprise Reference Architecture. Ability to build and articulate an architecture and delivery roadmap indicating current to future state, focused around clear benefits to both IT and business user. Ability to influence business and IT in order to align to an Enterprise Data Roadmap. Responsible for managing risk within an organization through a reusable framework and process. Responsible for creating design patterns and best practices for data and the integration of data through the enterprise. Ability to evaluate and assess existing legacy data assets with an eye on modernization and simplification. Responsible for setting standards and providing governance through a process or framework, such as an Architecture Review Board. Responsible for creating reference architecture, and roadmap necessary to hold architecture delivery to the level of quality. Ability to understand and mitigate architecture risk and compromise. Ability to authentically and effectively communicate with various stakeholders across business and IT. Proven experience in architecture governance and peer reviews in regards to data, security, and cloud. Education Requirements: 4 year degree. IT background or emphasis. Experience Requirements: Expert knowledge and demonstrated abilities to lead large, multi-million dollar Data programs. Proven ability to work with all levels within the IT and Business organization. Well versed in the following data domains: Master Data, Operational Data, Analytical Data, Big Data, Unstructured Data, and Metadata. Experience building Data Warehouse / BI reference architecture and best practices. Expert knowledge around leading and designing data solutions for policy administration systems. Experience with Guidewire PolicyCenter or ClaimCenter is preferred. Insurance industry experience is heavily preferred. Expert knowledge around designing and leading Enterprise Data Warehouse, data mart, and BI solutions. Hands on experience with data profiling tools and processes. Expert knowledge of normalized and dimensional modeling techniques. Prior experience working with data modeling repository server environment and maintaining model versions/model objects which may be common to several distinct application development efforts. Excellent SQL skills and demonstrated ability to write complex SQL for purposes of analyzing data and/or evaluating how information needs might be translated into back end database structures. Experience with IBM PDOA. Special Skill Requirement 5+ years in similar role Guidewire experience (PolicyCenter, ClaimCenter, InfoCenter, DataHub) Insurance experience Certifications in Enterprise Architecture frameworks (i.e. TOGAF, Zachman, EABOK, EACOE, etc) Insurance data model experience (i.e. IAA and Accord) Experience with Metadata applications and solutions Experience with Big Data technologies, assessment, and solution architecture Experience with unstructured data through the design and development of content management solutions Additional 3-5 years working in another role within a data warehouse team, such as business/data analyst, quality assurance analyst, ETL developer or BI / information delivery developer. Experience with any existing AWS Cloud Service Provider Experience with DB2, Oracle, and SQL Server. _Farmers is an equal opportunity employer, committed to the strength of a diverse workforce._ Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: 08/02/2018