Job Description: Summary of Position: A HCM Technical Consultant III will be focused on the delivery and implementation of CSOD and Tribridge HCM solutions. The Technical Consultant III will have developed deep technical skills in CSOD that will be used in performing these tasks. The Technical Consultant III will be part of one or multiple teams that will use problem-solving skills to develop and implement CSOD for Tribridge clients. The consultant will be familiar with software implementation and structured implementation methodologies. The Technical Consultant III will spend a majority of their time executing tasks related to client delivery. Most of this client time will be focused on detailed project tasks. A small portion of client time may be spent on project management tasks. Any non-client time will be spent on personal training, internal projects and administrative tasks. Key Responsibilities: Analyze and document the client’s functional requirements to technical design and propose solutions to meet client’s needs Estimate customizations and integrations within CSOD Design technical architecture, install and support installations of CSOD Ability to handle multiple projects concurrently and manage multiple development tasks and planning Support and debug existing customer implementations Conduct accurate and thorough testing to meet business requirements Plan and execute pilots and integration testing Assist lead consultants on new implementations and designing solutions Minimum Requirements – Education, Skill & Abilities: Undergraduate degree in either Computer Science, Human Resources, Organizational Development Minimum 5yrs experience in the HCM Industry Minimum 3yrs experience in a consulting environment as a Functional Lead with proven results Minimum 5yrs experience working across various functional groups such as HR, IT, Sales, Finance, etc. Understanding of and ability to author all standard documentation Minimum one year experience working in a virtual environment Excellent communication and problem-solving skills Strong time management, organizational, and analytical skills Able to work independently with little direction, collaborative, and team oriented Excellent oral and written communication skills, able to clearly communicate concepts and processes Valid Driver’s License required Working Environment: Office Environment or Client Site Up to 30 % travel dependent on practice and geography of project assignment.