Requisition ID: CHE006104 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. Merck Manufacturing Division, MMD, is a team of dedicated, energetic individuals who are committed to being the most trusted supplier of pharmaceuticals and health products worldwide. Our facilities, along with our external contractors, suppliers, and partners, comprise an interdependent global manufacturing network that’s committed to delivering a compliant, reliable supply to customers and patients on time, every time, across the globe. Key vaccine product franchises are experiencing significant growth requiring staffing to support key initiatives. The Specialist, Technical Operations Project Engineer in the BioBacterial Manufacturing End-to-End is responsible for technical support and execution of projects in the commercial manufacturing area while actively supporting, participating in, and embracing an empowered team culture. In this role, the Project Engineer will work as an individual contributor, may act as a team or project lead and lead work of others as required, as well as contribute to the performance and results of a department. Additionally, this individual will provide technical guidance and anticipate and interpret client and/or customer needs to identify and implement solutions. Additional responsibilities include: Establish and manage project schedules and timelines. Determine project resource requirements and works with stakeholders to gain support needed from subject matter experts. Stakeholders may include Operations, Quality, Regulatory, Analytical and Process Development functions. Responsible for stakeholder engagement, communication, and risk escalation. Develop and execute change control inclusive of change definition, risk assessments, impact assessments, task execution, implementation, and support of associated regulatory filings. Author/update technical and manufacturing documents necessary for process design/definition, engineering studies, process demonstrations, and validation. Design/conduct experimental protocols as needed using the Technical Operations lab facilities and/or production equipment at full scale. Examine an issue from diverse perspectives (safety, compliance, automation, equipment, process, and people) in order to best understand and resolve the root cause. Develop and assure consistent application of standardized work, engineering, and process tools. Provide technical support to manufacturing for complex problems and issues. Work as a team member on complete manufacturing investigations, process improvement and/or validation projects. Qualifications Education Minimum Requirement: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Science Required Experience and Skills: Minimum of 2 years post-bachelors degree experience in a regulated manufacturing industry (can be obtained through a combination of post-graduate education and work related experience). Preferred Experience and Skills: Familiarity with cGMPs (current good manufacturing practices), Change Control, CFR (code of federal regulations), and other appropriate regulations in relation to vaccine manufacturing. Experience in biologics, vaccine ,or bulk sterile manufacturing facilities in a process or validation support role Experience in the biological/pharmaceutical/chemical manufacturing industry Strong Understanding of Change Control Demonstrated ability to work both independently and as a part of a team. Strong technical problem-solving abilities. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills. Strong collaboration and leadership skills. Familiarity or experience with aseptic Vaccine Manufacturing Operations. Experience with introduction of process changes to a licensed process Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement Job: Chemical Engineering Other Locations: Employee Status: Regular Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time Number of Openings: 1 Shift (if applicable): 1st Hazardous Materials: No Company Trade Name: Merck