Moving mobility forward We are Aptiv – a new technology company with a proven history of enabling mobility. Operating as Delphi, we pioneered advances in the industry. Now, as Aptiv, we’re more dedicated than ever to bringing the next generation of autonomous vehicles, smart cities and connectivity to life. Join our innovative team Want to do more than just imagine the ways our world will move tomorrow? Here’s your opportunity. Join the technology company that’s transforming the future of mobility today. About Aptiv Aptiv is a global technology company that develops safer, greener and more connected solutions, which enable the future of mobility. Headquartered in Dublin, Aptiv has 147,000 employees and operates 14 technical centers, as well as manufacturing sites and customer support centers in 45 countries. Visit aptiv.com. About Advanced Safety and User Experience Advanced Safety and User Experience encompasses our deep expertise in software, centralized computing platforms, advanced safety systems and automated driving focusing on five areas that are transforming mobility: Safety Electronics, Infotainment, User Experience, Autonomous Driving and Connectivity & Security. About this position We are currently looking for a Data Scientist Engineer to work in our Troy, MI location. Basic qualifications Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics 2+ years’ experience in statistical analysis, data mining, data management, and deep learning and / or other modern machine learning methods Nice to haves (preferred qualifications) Practical experience in data science, statistics and analysis of large data sets Experience using data modeling tools to visualize data Experience in vision processing algorithms Experience in autonomous driving field Traits we seek Curiously investigate everything – ability to solving problems analytically, creatively and collaboratively Lead with confidence – thought leaders who empower those around them Learn by doing – an entrepreneurial mindset that’s driven by hands-on experimentation Embrace resilience – seeing every challenge as a learning opportunity and invitation to grow Aptiv rewards and advantages Competitive compensation with bonus potential Competitive health benefits 401K with matching contribution Learning and development opportunities Discount programs with various manufacturers and retailers Recognition for innovation and excellence Opportunities to give back to the community Meaningful work that makes a difference in the world Relocation assistance (if applicable) Aptiv is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. RSR