When you join Varian, you’re joining an organization with nearly $3 billion in annual revenue, and more than 6,500 team members across more than 30 countries. You’ll be backed by a culture that is centered on fostering your creative potential, and experience the full support of an organization and leadership committed to inspiring you to do your best work. Together, we can make an impact on our customers, each other, and millions of lives. At Varian, you’ll find yourself surrounded by some of the world’s best and most creative talent, working together with a singular goal – our mission to help save lives. Our technology helps clinicians fight cancer, and the work you will do can support this important goal. Whether your focus is Legal, Human Resources, Government Affairs, Finance or IT, joining our Corporate Services team means you’ll contribute to Varian’s success as a global cancer fighter around the globe. Job Description Position Title: Network Architect Job Description The Network Architect will work within a global Network Services team in a Fortune 500 company. This is a global Network Architect role, responsible but not limited to design, implementation, analytics, performance management and optimization, network automation, and technical guidance in all network systems supporting efficient network operation. The Network Architect will ensure development of and compliance to established system reference architectures, compliance to regulations and security policies, define standards and best practices, and author and maintain roadmap strategy documentation. The Network Architect will provide technical leadership and direction in all areas of networking ranging from routing, switching, load balancing, wireless network, VoIP, VPN, MPLS, WAN strategy, IP management and addressing (i.e. DHCP, DNS, IPAM, etc.), cloud and virtual networking (VMware and NSX), and network security. This job requires extensive knowledge and experience dealing with implementation and issue resolution of Juniper, F5, Palo Alto Networks firewall, Aruba Wireless services, SD-WAN strategic solutions, and other network systems and technologies. Essential Duties/Responsibilities: Maintain the overall network architecture and roadmap Ensure complete application integration solutions with Network technology and design Plan core network augmentation strategies to support new and predicted requirements Partner with key business and Varian product stakeholders and architects to ensure strategy is compliant with demands and lead design projects Advanced knowledge with an array of network services including enterprise routing, switching, load balancing, firewall, wireless network, VPN, MPLS and network security. Complex problem resolution skills relating to network connectivity and application inter-operability Design structured network capacity planning and monitoring strategy Work closely with Network and Voice Architects on VoIP and UC development Function as a Tier-4 escalation point during major outages or critical downtime windows Ensure Network regulations, security and legal requirements are maintained globally Ensure network services are defined and designed to be a strategic asset to our business teams Define cloud architecture capabilities are being met by the network services Decide core network vendor selections and product evaluation strategies and requirements management Architecture visionary and core collaborator with interdepartmental (IT and business) architecture resources Authentication strategies to ensure compliance with corporate policies and data privacy requirements Project Responsibilities : As new technology projects are planned this role will need to review the technology function being proposed and collect requirements to determine inclusion demands into the overall system architecture and interoperability; with emphasis on network connectivity and performance. Common expectations are to present plans to the project and governance teams and agree how to carry them out. These projects will range is variety from global expansions (acquisitions, new offices, etc.), migration to cloud services for Varian commercial services, and workforce application integrations and growth. Operational Responsibilities : the successful candidate will have very high levels of visibility when requests are made from the organization. These requests are commonly unplanned, urgent, and critical in nature. This architect resource will need to provide escalation level support when lower levels of the organization are unable to progress or need guidance. Mentorship overall is expected out of this role to ensure technical teams are comprehending complex solutions and the operational impact. General architecture services will be required in the following areas: Juniper Support and Configuration management Network Automation and administration Global dynamic routing and self-healing network services Engagement and collaboration with site local contacts (LCONs) Problem management for root cause analysis and remediation WAN design and strategy and architecture Remote Access strategy and architecture Job Requirements Core Job Requirements: Essential Education/Experience: Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or comparable discipline or equivalent work experience. 3+ year as an architect with proven experience in Cloud Data center/service such as Azure, Azure ExpressRoute, AWS, virtual PAN firewalls, and network/cloud segmentation Experience with commercial product use of cloud IaaS solutions is a plus 15+ years of experience in Information Technology in the architecture, management, configuration, modification, installation, and evaluation of network systems hardware and software Work experience with Network operating systems such as JunOS and F5 JunOS (Advanced), F5 (Intermediate) Expert level BGP / OSPF protocol knowledge, configuration and troubleshooting skills Experience deploying QoS, MPLS, L2VPN's and L3VPN's. Develop, document, and communicate technical implementation designs and turn over to deployment engineers for delivery Familiar with Data Center Architecture - Network, Servers, Storage Ability to work on a heterogeneous network consisting of different hardware manufacturer. Strong knowledge of data and voice ISP and circuit technology TDM, SIP, T/E1, Ethernet, FastEthernet, and GigabitEthernet. Strong vendor management JNCIS Certification desired Experience with Windows and Linux based web applications as pertains to troubleshooting network performance with application owners Must be able to work occasional weekends and after hours Must be able to travel domestically and internationally Automation and scripting skills are a plus Network monitoring experience at tool deployment, configuration, and turn over to operations management Essential Skills and Competencies: Excellent organizational skills and solid team player Solid analytical skills to troubleshoot high level, complex technical problems Able to work with little to no guidance Excellent verbal, written, and communication, able to communicate to both technical and non-technical people. Maintain a high degree of professionalism and integrity Become part of our team You’re just one click away from the most impactful work you’ll ever do. Apply now and join our mission to save lives. Someone, somewhere, will be glad you did. Business Unit Name VMS Corporate Offices (CORP) Location-State California Auto req ID 13780BR Job Type Regular Full-Time EEO Policy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.