Azure Cloud Enterprise Architect/Engineer - 035545 Description Role : Cloud Engineer/Architect Business Area: Cloud Infrastructure Services – Cloud Projects and Consulting Reporting to: Cloud Director Working Pattern : Full Time About Capgemini : Now with 195,000 people in over 40 countries, Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services. The Group reported 2014 global revenues of EUR 10.57 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. About Infrastructure Services : The Cloud Infrastructure Services Business Unit is Cagemini’s consulting, infrastructure build and run capabilities with the provisioning and support of cloud based services. With EUR 1.5 billion annual revenue, Cloud Infra Services provides infrastructure outsourcing services, including data centre, helpdesk and network support, as well as providing service integration and service maintenance support. Other services include infrastructure transformation services, helping clients consolidate and migrate workloads and entire datacentres. Cloud Infra Services also help clients virtualize and optimise their IT estates. As part of the integrated cloud offering from Capgemini, Cloud Infrastructure Services delivers a broad range of cloud service under Cloud Choice to build and support the hybrid cloud estate encompassing the leading public cloud players and leading private cloud technologies. Main Purpose of the Role: This is an hands on cloud engineering role reporting to the Cloud Projects and Consulting Director for the Infrastructure Services Global Cloud Practice. The purpose of the role is to focus on delivering highly available, scalable enterprise solutions on IaaS/PaaS platforms focusing on application assessments, automation and Devops. This role includes ownership of technical, commercial and service elements related to cloud project engagements building IaaS/PaaS infrastructure with a concentration of Devops experience. The successfully hired candidate will ensure high customer satisfaction delivering DevOps and cloud projects. The candidate would ensure a highly satisfied customer experience and drive to reduce labor input, costs, implementation time, and time to benefit. The candidate will help increase profit margins and enhance consistent delivery and operational efficiency. The candidate must expect to work in parallel across multiple deals and look to assist in the industrialization of the process to support the rapid timescales opportunities demand. The successful candidate must have a fully-flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week; willing to work nationally, with the potential to work internationally if desired. Key Role & Responsibility: The Cloud Engineer is a cloud role in the project delivery cycle with hands on experience migrating customers to the cloud and designing devops operational processes, deployment checklists, etc.. This role will work closely with clients, partners and other business units to ensure consulting engagements are successful. He/she must be fully flexible and mobile across the US and possibly EMEA for extended periods and potentially across the Capgemini Group Proven experience in cloud infrastructure project deals for hands on migration to public clouds such as Azure and AWS. Strong background in Linux/Unix and/or Windows administration Ability to use wide variety of open source technologies. Experience in automation/configuration management using Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Saltstack, Bosh, Terraform or an equivalent. Experience with source code management tools such as GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket or equivalent Experience with SQL and NoSQL DBs such as SQL, MySQL, Amazon DynamoDB. Solid understanding of networking and core Internet Protocols such as TCP/IP, DNS, SMTP, HTTP and routing in distributed networks. A working understanding of code and script such as: PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby. A working understanding with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins or equivalent A working understanding of scheduling and orchestration with tools such as: kubernetes, Mesos swarm or equivalent. Extensive knowledge about AIPs designing RESTful services and integrated with other providers. Have a fully-flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week; willing to work nationally, with the potential to work internationally if desired. Essential skills, knowledge & experience: The include the ability to understand and communicate the following at an executive level both internally and externally: Azure Architecture experience ideally with the appropriate vendor certification Understanding of hybrid cloud solutions and experience of integrating public cloud into tradition hosting/delivery models Strong understanding of cloud migration techniques (on premise to Cloud Platforms) Configuration and deployment experience in three or more of the following: o Azure IaaS Technologies o Deployed applications with Web UI frontends o Deployed application with RESTful/SOAP services interfaces o Experience building private AMI’s on VPC’s o LAMP Stack and Linux experience o High Availability and Disaster recovery implementations o Experience of designing and implementing application and infrastructure monitoring solutions Experience architecting and deploying multi-tiered applications. Experience in architecting security architectures across infrastructure and applications Experience building and deploying multi-tier, scalable, and highly available applications using Java, Microsoft and Database technologies Experience in performance tuning, including the following ; (load balancing, web servers, content delivery Networks, Caching (Content and API) Experience as principal technical lead on at least one major project. Good understanding of application architectures Demonstrable experience in the elicitation & specification of architectural, functional and non-functional requirements A good appreciation of the cost drivers in systems delivery and operations and the commercial consequences of the technical decisions made by you and/or others Ability to develop productive client relationships at different management levels and identify and develop opportunities for new business Desirable skills, knowledge & experience: Azure trained / certified architect Architectural certification (e.g TOGAF) Experience of implementing architectural governance and proactively managing issues and risks throughout the delivery life cycle. Good familiarity with the disciplines of enterprise software development such as configuration & release management, source code & version controls, and operational considerations such as monitoring and instrumentation Experience of consulting or service provider roles (internal, or external); Strong knowledge on software development methodologies like Agile/Scrum, Kan Ban etc. Broad understanding of enterprise project life cycle A good degree-level education is highly desirable · · Experience using database technologies like Oracle, MySQL is required and understanding of NoSQL, MongoDB is preferred. ISO27001/2 certification Redshift / Data warehouse experience Extensive automation experience with either Chef or Puppet Experience in designing or implementing data warehouse solutions is highly preferred. L1-JH1 Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications Essential skills, knowledge & experience: The include the ability to understand and communicate the following at an executive level both internally and externally: Azure Architecture experience ideally with the appropriate vendor certification Understanding of hybrid cloud solutions and experience of integrating public cloud into tradition hosting/delivery models Strong understanding of cloud migration techniques (on premise to Cloud Platforms) Configuration and deployment experience in three or more of the following: o Azure IaaS Technologies o Deployed applications with Web UI frontends o Deployed application with RESTful/SOAP services interfaces o Experience building private AMI’s on VPC’s o LAMP Stack and Linux experience o High Availability and Disaster recovery implementations o Experience of designing and implementing application and infrastructure monitoring solutions Experience architecting and deploying multi-tiered applications. Experience in architecting security architectures across infrastructure and applications Experience building and deploying multi-tier, scalable, and highly available applications using Java, Microsoft and Database technologies Experience in performance tuning, including the following ; (load balancing, web servers, content delivery Networks, Caching (Content and API) Experience as principal technical lead on at least one major project. Good understanding of application architectures Demonstrable experience in the elicitation & specification of architectural, functional and non-functional requirements A good appreciation of the cost drivers in systems delivery and operations and the commercial consequences of the technical decisions made by you and/or others Ability to develop productive client relationships at different management levels and identify and develop opportunities for new business Desirable skills, knowledge & experience: Azure trained / certified architect Architectural certification (e.g TOGAF) Experience of implementing architectural governance and proactively managing issues and risks throughout the delivery lifecycle. Good familiarity with the disciplines of enterprise software development such as configuration & release management, source code & version controls, and operational considerations such as monitoring and instrumentation Experience of consulting or service provider roles (internal, or external); Strong knowledge on software development methodologies like Agile/Scrum, Kan Ban etc. Broad understanding of enterprise project lifecycle A good degree-level education is highly desirable Team lead and programme or project management experience Experience using database technologies like Oracle, MySQL is required and understanding of NoSQL, MongoDB is preferred. ISO27001/2 certification Redshift / Data warehouse experience Extensive automation experience Experience in designing or implementing data warehouse solutions is highly preferred. Schedule : Full-time Primary Location : US-TX-Dallas Organization : CIS US PandC