Are you ready to be a rock star Solutions Architect for Microsoft's Data and Artificial Intelligence business? Are you ready to work with the best minds in Data & AI and cutting edge technology, thought and processes? If you are, Microsoft Services America's Data and Artificial Intelligence business would like to meet you. Microsoft Services, is dedicated to delivering on Microsoft's mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As one of the largest divisions inside Microsoft - with over 22,000 employees worldwide - the diverse team includes architects, consultants, support professionals, sales, and business leaders who serve customers in 191 countries and 46 languages. Simply put, we help customers get the most out value of their technology investments. Microsoft Services is proud to be the face of Microsoft Solution development and deployment to many of our customers and partners. The power of that connection, in addition to understanding how they use our products, helps us deliver the voice of our customers back to our business groups to make our technology and Microsoft even better. The Microsoft Services Americas Data and Artificial Intelligence business is looking for Solution Architects with Data and Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Platform, Business Intelligence, and Data Visualization knowledge and experiences who have a mix of hands on experience in selling and delivering our Cloud and On-premise solutions in highly competitive and complex situations, business applications implementation showing strong business value, architectural design and strategic business acumen. The Solution Architect role requires a specific technology focus with a broad range of industry knowledge and a minimum of 10 years implementation experience. Our Solution Architects must have a passion for the customer which is demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experience. The Data and Artificial Intelligence Solution Architect must apply advanced analytical skills and experience in principals of architecting, designing, demonstrating and positioning our Data and Artificial Intelligence based solutions as also estimates for complex service implementations. To be credible candidates must have current and deep experience with implementing large data platform, business intelligence, data visualization and/or advanced Analytics engagements using Microsoft SQL Server and our other data platform, data visualization and advanced analytics products. Responsibilities Responsibilities include: 1) Working with Sales and account teams to scope potential work, design solutions and develop architecture plans and approaches 2) Develop estimates and work plans 3) Contribute to the proposals and statements of work 4) Technical Delivery and Technical delivery oversight (not project management) to ensure technical solution is implemented as designed. A Solution Architect with Data and Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Platform, Business Intelligence, and Data Visualization knowledge and experiences who has a mix of hands on experience in selling and delivering our Cloud and On-premise solutions in highly competitive and complex situations, business applications implementation showing strong business value, architectural design and strategic business acumen. The Solution Architect role requires a specific technology focus with a broad range of industry knowledge and a minimum of 10 years implementation experience. Our Solution Architects must have a passion for the customer which is demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experiences Qualifications Required Qualifications: 10+ Years of Enterprise Environment experience 5+ Years of SQL Server Experience 5+ Years of data visualization Preferred Qualifications: Candidates for this role are expected to have deep understanding, experiences and working knowledge of design and implementing the following technologies: Azure SQL Server, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Server Reporting Services, PowerBI, Azure HDInsight, Azure Analytics and SQL Server Integration Services at a minimum. Also experience with non-Microsoft technologies and solutions such as Big Data/Hadoop is preferred. Also, having a thorough understanding of competitive technologies enables the architect to accurately assess feasibility of migrating customer solutions from, and/or integrating with customer solutions hosted on, non-Microsoft platforms. Advanced domain knowledge in one or more vertical industry is also an asset. Data and Artificial Intelligence Solution Architects are expected to gain and maintain effective product group and Microsoft partner relationships. The Data and Artificial Intelligence Solution Architect must have the following core competencies: Proven experience selling product and consulting engagements in competitive situations. Experience which includes estimating, scoping, and writing effective statements of work that clearly set expectations and limit risk. Demonstrated excellence at presenting complex development topics to both business executive and technical personnel An ability to articulate architectural differences between solution methods and the challenges and approaches to integrating solutions built on different platforms including a working knowledge of different architectural frameworks that may be used by our customers. Working knowledge of specialized tools and solution providers whether they be Microsoft partners or competitors. Knowledge of full application life cycle design tools and methodologies. Exceptional demonstrated business and technical consulting skills. Large enterprise deployment experience in complex heterogeneous environments. Ability to move between high level architectural review/design and the "roll up the sleeves" level of actually doing all phases of an application delivery project The Data and Artificial Intelligence Solution Architect helps customer account teams identify, pursue and close strategic business development opportunities while continually driving add-on business within existing projects. To accomplish this, Data and Artificial Intelligence Solution Architects must be effective in fostering executive level relationships. They also play a key role in employing, leveraging partners and Global Delivery as part of the overall Microsoft services delivery model. Solution Architects help translate business requirements into technology requirements for inclusion in contracts and/or statements of work (SOW). In some cases, our solution architects will also assist in contract negotiations. The Data and Artificial Intelligence Solution Architect will be required to assist or provide technical quality oversight and delivery excellence at various points throughout a project lifecycle. To be successful, he or she must have proven experience managing projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing multi- phase/multi-dimensional/multi-resource projects to conclusion while maintaining high customer satisfaction. The role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in both crisis management and expectation management. The successful candidate will have a BS/BA degree with at least 7-10 years of relevant work experience or 12-15 years of relevant work experience. Advanced technical selling and customer management skills are required. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.