Business Intelligence Data Analyst Intern Company Description Rapid7 is a leading provider of security data and analytics solutions that enable organizations to implement an active, analytics-driven approach to cyber security. We combine our extensive experience in security data and analytics and deep insight into attacker behaviors and techniques to make sense of the wealth of data available to organizations about their IT environments and users. Our solutions empower organizations to prevent attacks by providing visibility into vulnerabilities and to rapidly detect compromises, respond to breaches, and correct the underlying causes of attacks. Rapid7 is trusted by more than 4,150 organizations across 90 countries, including 34% of the Fortune 1000. To learn more about Rapid7 or get involved in our threat research, visit www.rapid7.com. Job Overview We are looking for a driven, hardworking intern who loves working with data and systems to support our growing business intelligence and analytics team. This candidate will be responsible for: Working with stakeholders throughout the company to understand their organizations’ analytics needs Performing data analysis, maintenance and collaborate on data remediation within our source systems and visualization tools Supporting our Customer Experience and Customer Support verticals with collaboration on data models and analytics Creating training and test models for predictive analysis through machine learning and data science Documenting processes, definitions and recommend areas of improvement Essential Responsibilities Desire to analyze data across source systems Identify, research, and analyze data to improve operational effectiveness and business decision making Provide data analysis support by working with a high volume of data from marketing and sales support systems. Proactively identify issues in data that need to be fixed Assist with data profiling, quality rules definition and automation Ad hoc reporting needs as assigned Job Requirements Naturally Analytical - able to derive business insight through data. Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree, with a minimum GPA of 3.0; Microsoft Excel proficiency; Experience working with large data sets; Microsoft Access, SQL, R, Python, Tableau or database management experience is a plus; Effective Communicator – voice opinions and share information, be confident and participate. Ability to effectively translate business needs to system requirements and visualization content; Exceptional written and communication skills; Ability to train users to assure adoption of analyses throughout organization Energy, Passion, Humor and Enthusiasm – work hard, play hard at the best job of your career.