The United States Premier Hockey League (USPHL), is the nation’s largest amateur ice hockey league. With 566 teams representing 89 organizations, the 11,000 players in the USPHL range from age 6 to 21. Having a geographic reach that spans the complete Eastern Seaboard and expands west as far as Wisconsin, the USPHL has seen over 1,000 of its players advance to the collegiate level - and even more advanced to other levels of the game - recognizing the USPHL as one of the top development leagues in the nation for young, aspiring hockey players. As we continue our growth, the USPHL is looking for an experienced, knowledgeable individual to direct the operation for our Youth Division. In this highly visible position, you will be responsible for management of youth league operations, including dissemination of rules and regulations related to roster management, acting as youth league liaison to GMs, coaches and hockey staff personnel; etc. Areas of responsibility also include: Complete knowledge of USA Hockey rules and regulations as they relate to youth hockey operations. Serve as league office liaison with USA Hockey official Serve as liaison with USPHL League office and executive committee Oversight and management of league regulations regarding rostering players, game day operations, including game management and best practices. Maintain league statistical partnership (e.g. Sports Engine) for all things related to team rosters, player statistics, scoring and transactions. In conjunction with USPHL Communications department, maintain and manage hockey related data for USPHL website. Direct and oversee scheduling process for all divisions and teams within the youth division Provide operational oversight for planning and execution of USPHL Youth events, including logistics management, scheduling, rink coordination, etc. Oversight of all compliance requirements and documentation including monitor player registration, player codes of conduct, youth staff registration and background screenings registration. Prepare and maintain League contact information by Youth Team, division and job title for proper communication with the League at all times. Direct and evaluate all ice hockey instruction for USPHL youth hockey programs. Direct and oversee the USPHL Skills Development Program. Ensure that USPHL is promoting age-appropriate skill development at all levels. Attend regional and national USA Hockey, USPHL conferences/meetings as required. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in ice hockey (either playing, instructing, coaching, and/or officiating). Exceptional computer skills, including form development, and website management. Management and supervision experience. Scheduling experience. Prior record of organizational responsibility. Strong communication skills. Efficient planner with follow-through. This position will be based in the Boston metro area. Relocation is not available for this position.