Data/Business Analyst Are you a data junky? Are you organized yet creative? You may be perfect for RhythmOne Duties Work closely with product management, sales and account management to translate business needs into automated analytics, resulting in faster more meaningful business decisioning. Work with BI Team, and others within organization, as a Subject Matter Expert to help troubleshoot issues with Tableau dashboards, data sources, and data pipelines. Work closely with Data Engineering to understand and improve existing data pipelines and tools Enforce data integrity and apply quality assurance best practices for data services Requirements SQL: 4+ years Tableau: 2+ years Python: 1+ year or equivalent programming language Hadoop M/R and Hive: strong working knowledge Proven experience working across multiple data sources and complex data sets Bachelor degree Required Passion for reporting and analytics while working in an agile team to drive change Motivation to take ownership and work independently on multiple simultaneous projects Exceptionally strong analytical and problem-solving skills, combined with strong business acumen Visa sponsorship is NOT available for this role. About RhythmOne: A terrific place to get your start and a fantastic company to accelerate your career, RhythmOne is for people who are passionate about digital advertising and media. If you aspire to be a part of something special and join a team where your contribution can make a measurable difference, we may very well be the place for you. RhythmOne provides streamlined, transparent connections between advertisers and online audiences. Founded in 2004, we pioneered Internet video search – and today, our teams across the globe work with digital advertisers, web and app publishers, and content providers to offer fully integrated, cross-screen solutions that span desktop and mobile video, rich media, display, social/influencer and native advertising. We’re headquartered in San Francisco, United States and have offices across the US, UK, Europe, APAC, and Canada. Visit www.rhythmone.com for more information.