Summary of Job Title: The role of an Integration and Interoperability Engineer II is to guide customers through a successful implementation of eMDs interface software. This is accomplished through technical competence, superior communication, organization, and planning. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Please note that o ther duties may be assigned by your supervisor. Has an established understanding for HL7 v2, v3, and XML technologies related to healthcare informatics interoperability standards, Meaningful Use, interface and web services technologies, and Hi-Tech standards for connectivity and data transport protocol. Design, analyze, validate, and build HL7 v2, HL7 v3, and XML interfaces related to ORU inbound, ADT outbound, DFT outbound, SIU outbound, VXU outbound, eRX, and portal using Hi-Tech and Meaningful Use standards in combination with eMDs and vendor interface specifications, while considering eMDs technical and clinical best practices standards. Builds simple customizations and transformation in Cloverleaf for delivery or consumption of HL7 v2 and HL7 v3 data, where required. Understands connectivity architectures and protocols for TCP/IP, VPN, SFTP, SSL, IPsec, and IIS. Facilitate and build connectivity bridges for ORU inbound, ADT outbound, DFT outbound, SIU outbound, VXU outbound, eRX, and portal data transfer between eMDs networks and vendor networks utilizing these architectures and protocols. Understands eMDs technical and clinical best practices related to eMDs interface and web services technology solutions. Plan, schedule, estimate, forecast, coordinate, and manage delivery of all project deliverables with eMDs customers and vendors. Monitor and report on the status of project efforts, including problem prevention/mitigation. Maintains project status documentation. Facilitate and encourage project participant commitment and collaboration to meet all interface specification requirements and clinical workflow standards to ensure customer satisfaction during the active project and post Go Live stages. Troubleshoot and work with eMDs customers and vendors to remediate any gaps in the interface specifications, clinical workflow standards of eMDs products, and HL7 interface messages during data analysis, validation, build, and post go live trial period. Performs “Revalidation Projects” of HL7 v2 and HL7 v3 data for existing/live interfaces due to vendor changes to ensure newly introduced elements of the interface do not negatively impact patient safety or clinical workflow and all data will be successfully parsed into the database. Identify and collaborate with eMDs Product and Development Teams for product gaps based on the ever-evolving industry standards and requirements, defects related to HL7 v2, v3, and XML and/or MU compliance, and defects/changes to existing clinical workflow standards. Communicate and drive resolution of issues and risks to mitigate negative impact on customer satisfaction, schedule, and budget during implementation and Post Go Live. Perform User Acceptance and QA Testing to identify defects and/or interface clinical workflow gaps for eMDs non-GA product versions related to ORU inbound, ADT outbound, DFT outbound, SIU outbound, VXU outbound, eRX, and portal. Collaborate with the eMDs Product Team utilizing TFS. Coordinate and facilitate necessary meetings to drive product prioritization and resolution. Act as a liaison and functional bridge amongst external vendors, eMDs customers, and eMDs internal teams through Vendor Relationship Management. Manage and maintain external vendor relations for interface related items within the Integration & Interoperability Team through transparency and effective communications, while ensuring customer satisfaction.