ABOUT UCARE At UCare, we deliver high-quality health coverage and services to help members of all ages maintain and improve their health. It's a big job that takes innovative ideas, strategic partnerships, and a commitment to doing the right thing. Above all, it takes a compassionate team that is dedicated to making a real difference in the lives of our members and our communities. WORKING AT UCARE Working at UCare is more than just a career; it's a mission. A mission that defines us as professionals, unites us as an organization, and shapes how we interact with our members and each other. Our values of integrity, community, quality, flexibility, and respect permeate every aspect of our organization – from who we are and how we act, to what we do and how we do it. We owe our continued success to our employees who proudly embody our mission and values in everything they do. DATA ARCHITECT – TEMPORARY (AUGUST 2018 – JANUARY 2019) Position Description This position will plan, document, coordinate, architect, and lead all activities related to Enterprise Data Architecture and Data Warehousing. Continued adherence to standards, principles, and Data Governance guidelines as required to meet the needs of the organization’s business requirements. This individual is also responsible for developing and maintaining a data architecture blueprint for the organization. The Data Architect will work with business subject matter experts and IS groups to document data attributes, translate business requirements into technical requirements to ensure appropriate controls and verification for enterprise level data integrity. Core skills include database architecture, data modeling (relational, dimensional, and hierarchical). Develop and maintain an Enterprise Data Model (EDM) to serve as both the strategic and tactical planning vehicles to manage the enterprise data warehouse. This effort involves working closely with business users. Collaborate with IS teams to ensure quality and compliance by Enterprise Data Architecture. Participate in data analysis/design reviews and conduct walkthroughs at various stages during the development life cycle. This includes providing data modeling expertise with diagrams of both relational and dimensional modeling techniques. Collaborate with the data warehouse team and the business partners in designing Data Marts. Emphasis on methodology, modeling, and governance. Define the IT design methodology, develop process to quickly incorporate model changes, and adhere to data governance best practices. Guide, educate, and mentor the Data Architecture Strategy directives, principles, & standards to individuals who play data-related roles (e.g. data analysts, ETL developers, report developers & systems analysts). Establish and maintain data standards, policies and architectures. Provide direction, guidance, and oversight for data quality controls. Identify opportunities for standardizing data descriptions, integration and archiving, and elimination of unnecessary redundancy. Capture and maintain metadata, creating business rules for the use of data. Other projects and duties as assigned. Education Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or Information Technology preferred; demonstrated experience may be considered in lieu of degree. Required Experience Six or more years of direct experience as a Data Architect or Data Modeler with a strong data-centric background. Expertise designing and implementing Data Architectures, Modeling, Analysis and Profiling. Four or more years of Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence. Experience with relational database structures, theories, principles, and practices, Data Governance, Data Quality Management, Metadata Management, and Conceptual and Logical Data Design. Preferred Experience Experience working in healthcare. THE UCARE DIFFERENCE UCare is proud to be a recognized Star Tribune Top Workplace for the 7th consecutive year. As a part of our collaborative team, you'll experience the rewards that come with helping others and seeing the positive results of your hard work. We value and respect each individual's ideas and contributions, and give you the freedom to grow both personally and professionally. We are centrally located, and offer onsite education, equipment and wellness resources, a myriad of volunteer activities, and a number of other rewards. If you're looking for a welcoming environment that celebrates what you have to offer, helps you build on your strengths, and gives you the opportunity to truly make a difference, we invite you to apply. As an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, we welcome and employ a diverse employee group committed to meeting the needs of UCare, our members, and the communities we serve.