Description Database Administrator (ITS5 In-Training) WaTech is looking for an IT professional who is enthusiastic, career-minded, and wants to make a difference to join our dynamic team supporting Data Management. This is a great opportunity for someone relatively new in the field looking for an In-Training position. Or maybe you are an experienced professional with Database Administrator experience and can start at the goal job class. We are willing to train and mentor the right candidate. The Data Management team architects, implements, manages, and protects data and databases serving all aspects of WaTech and its statewide customers. As a unit within Infrastructure and Applications, we strive to improve our customer's experience by delivering innovative solutions that rapidly evolve with their changing needs. What makes this role different from other Database Administrator roles? If you constantly feel confined to your desk, this position will work in one of the first open concepts in state government. You will have your own desk but you also have access to other areas that promote team collaboration, brainstorming and support individual work styles. Are you someone who sees a problem and needs to fix it? Are you constantly thinking outside the box? Do you challenge the status quo? We do too! If you are willing to jump in with both feet, we will give you the tools and autonomy to handle things as they come. What would you be doing in this role? Within the Data Management team, this position will serve as a full service Database Administrator/Database Developer supporting Enterprise mission- critical Microsoft SQL Server, and other Database Management Systems. Our DBA's provide technical consultation in the design, development, implementation, and maintenance of database, data warehouse and business intelligence solutions by: Performing Data loads, extracts and migrations utilizing SSIS, TSQL and stored procedures to minimize manual operations that support enterprise data. Developing database routines utilizing TSQL, PL/SQL, PowerShell and scripting languages. Developing solutions using database tools to audit DBMS configurations across the enterprise, diagnosing database security following OCIO and industry best practices for enterprise applications and customer databases, implementing database backup solutions, database software and management tool installations across the agency in support of enterprise applications and other customer agencies. Developing database and server procedures to automate, perform tasks more efficiently, create database objects, and manage permissions. Working closely and collaborating with Enterprise Application development teams and customer agencies. Plus many other challenging and rewarding Database Administration and Database Development tasks! Here's what we are looking for: At the Information Technology Specialist 5 Level Salary Range 66: $65,580-$86,076 annually Four years of the information technology experience listed above. AND Someone who loves learning new things and feels comfortable working with ambiguity as we blaze new trails. Someone who loves to think about ways to make something happen rather than reasons why it can't. Someone who likes to have fun and bring creative ideas to the team. Someone with an analytical mind that is able to analyze and troubleshoot Someone that can multitask and take on several projects at once. Someone who is very team oriented and has strong communication skills. This position may also be filled as an in-training opportunity. At the Information Technology Specialist 4 Level Salary Range 62: $59,448-$77,988 annually Three years of the information technology experience listed above. At the Information Technology Specialist 3 Level Salary Range 58: $53,844-$70,620 annually Two years of the information technology experience listed above. At all levels two years of education substitutes for one year of work experience. An ideal candidate may also have these desired qualifications: Experience working with Microsoft Team Foundation Studio (TFS) Experience utilizing or participating in continuous process improvement initiatives using proven techniques like LEAN to develop streamlined and effective processes that reduce the cost of operating an enterprise. Experience working with and developing business intelligence solutions. Experience utilizing the Data Management Book of Knowledge DAMA DMBOK? How to Apply: Applications for this recruitment will only be accepted electronically. Please select the large apply button at the top of this announcement for instructions. You may need to create a profile and account in Washington State's automated tracking system, NeoGov. To be considered for this position you will need to: Answer any and all supplemental questions. Provide a letter of interest that addresses your interest in this position and ability to perform the responsibilities described for this role. Provide a resume that clearly demonstrates how your experience, training, and education make you a viable and competitive candidate for this position. Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. _First round of application assessments will be conducted seven days after the initial job posting date. The hiring authority reserves the right to offer the position at any time during the recruitment process. It is to the applicant's advantage to apply as early as possible._ Contact us: For inquiries about this position, please contact Jamie Robinson at (360) 407-8810 or email to jamie.robinson@watech.wa.gov. WaTech is committed to providing equal employment opportunity and equal access in a non-discriminatory manner to its programs and services for all persons without regard to race, creed, color, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, national origin, political affiliation, honorably discharged veteran or military status, or the presence of any real or perceived sensory, mental, or physical disability. Persons requiring accommodation in the application process or for an alternative format may contact Jamie Robinson at (360) 407-8810 or jamie.robinson@watech.wa.gov. Persons of disability or those who are deaf or hard of hearing can call the Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388. WaTech complies with the employment eligibility verification requirements of the federal Form I-9. The selected candidate must be able to provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States consistent with the requirements of that form on the first day of employment. To learn more about WaTech please view our site.