Control-Tec, an Aptiv company, is a global provider of telematics and analytics solutions serving the transportation industry in the Light-duty, Heavy-duty, Recreational, Agriculture, Locomotive, and Industrial sectors. The CT® solution combines comprehensive data acquisition methods with a powerful edge and cloud computing architecture resulting in an enterprise-class solution for fleet management, product development, connected vehicle and data exchange applications. Control-Tec’s Qualifier platform enables automotive OEMs to possess the speed, flexibility, reliability, cost savings and collaboration needed to successfully develop today’s software centric machines. Since 2008, Control- Tec has supported the development of data solutions that enable robust design, development and validation for powertrain, vehicle, and electrical system domains. This unmatched expertise of both vehicle systems and data analytics uniquely positions Control-Tec to offer our clients the ability to avoid warranty cost, improve product quality, enhance customer experience and optimize an increasingly connected portfolio. Position Summary: This position will consist of developing and supporting various engineering projects related to the development, validation, and testing of powertrain/vehicle control systems in the OE and aftermarket sectors. Job Responsibilities Develop or assist in the development of a statement of requirements for engineering projects. Confer with customer to review and clarify requirements. Directly modify or specify new components of the data acquisition system to ensure it meets customer design and performance requirements for powertrain/vehicle system development and validation. Research, analyze, and assist in the implementation of innovative methods to collect and present powertrain/vehicle systems data and information, which increases value to the customer. Gather voice of the customer feedback for software design engineers to solve customer issues and implement new solutions to satisfy customer needs related to powertrain/vehicle system development, validation, and testing. Review customer data and reports to verify correctness, completeness, data fidelity, and value Confer with engineers and other personnel to root cause and resolve system malfunctions, implement operating procedures, and provide technical information to the customer. Conduct engineering tests that will analyze the feasibility, design, operation, and performance of Control-Tec equipment, software, and systems Establish and maintain customer/internal data creation standards Maintain customer/supplier contact and assist in Supplier Management Develop engineering solutions within assigned project(s) scope and timing Contribute to project quotes, various reports, presentations, and studies Continue to stay current in training in the latest calibration technology Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree -Automotive, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, preferred. Knowledge of OE & aftermarket engine, OBD, transmission or vehicle systems calibration, validation, and development. Knowledge of product development tools including data acquisition, management, and analysis tools Strong written and oral communication skills. This role interacts with both external customers and internal management. Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference. Must be able to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Ability to see the “big picture” and understand how individual tasks interconnect and impact other parts of the testing process. Benefits/Perks: CONTROLTEC offers a comprehensive and industry leading benefits package. In addition, we provide flexible work schedules, generous time off and an environment that promotes ingenuity and fun! To learn more about our company, our progressive culture and to apply online, visit our website at www.control- tec.com