CHS has an exciting opportunity in our Finance Shared Services group. We are looking for a Data Governance Manager to Manage the data governance organization and provide leadership and guidance to ensure that the strategy and design of the enterprise data governance process is maintained. You must have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written; have a demonstrated ability to manage adversity and effectively lead change; and be knowledgeable about industry data quality practices as well as data governance practices in large complex organizations. You must be skilled in priority management and aligning priorities of projects within a team strategy. You will: Ensure that the highest data standards are adhered to by establishing & maintaining global data governance policies and standards. Provide guidance and oversight to ensure clear accountability for stewardship of CHS’ principal data assets so that data quality is maintained. Implement and manage a work intake demand model and establish best practices for the data governance organization. Coach and build team, support professional development, review and assess performance and enable employees to maximize their performance. Manage data governance business process and collaborate with IT regarding process improvement, data quality management, and supporting data conversion into SAP Facilitate resolution of data management and data quality issues by collaborating with business unit leaders to define requirements. Serve as the chair of the Data Governance Council and ensure that decisions are made in a clear and transparent manner and ensure council members’ viewpoints are aligned. Ensure compliance to all relevant regulations, laws and policies relating to data governance. Define, Develop, and measure key performance indicators (KPIs) and metrics. Track and evaluate performance and collaborate with others to create efficiencies Guarantee Data Quality Measurements, by data domain, are adhered to. Make sure Service Level Agreements are met and customer satisfaction is high through proactive engagement with core customers. Instill a mindset of continuous improvement. Champion and promote a strong safety culture and follow all safety policies, procedures and regulations. Identify and communicate workplace hazards and correct or seek assistance in correcting unsafe actions or conditions. Basic Qualifications: (required) Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Information Systems or related Business field. 8 plus years of experience with data governance, data administration or data related field or equivalent business experience. 1 plus years of experience managing and leading a team. Preferred Qualifications: (desired) Master’s Degree SAP, JDE or other ERP systems experience Previous experience with business process analysis within an integrated ERP solution.