Division: Siemens Healthineers Business Unit: Information Technology Requisition Number: 229192 Primary Location: United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Senior level Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree Travel Required: 15% Division Description: At Siemens Healthineers, we are passionate about enabling healthcare professionals to deliver high quality patient care, and to do so affordably. A leading global med-tech company, Siemens Healthineers continues to strengthen our portfolio of medical imaging and laboratory diagnostics, while adding new offerings such as managed services, consulting, and healthcare IT services – as well as further technologies in the growing market for therapeutic and molecular diagnostics. Siemens Healthineers develops innovations that support better patient outcomes with greater efficiencies, giving providers the confidence they need to meet the clinical, operational and financial challenges of a changing healthcare landscape. For more information, please visit: http://www.usa.siemens.com/healthineers Job Description: Position Overview: The successful candidate will be an integral part of the SHS IT Infrastructure and in this capacity will serve as Solution Architect supporting Siemens Healthineers Global business. Responsibilities: Architect and solution design business requirements Lead/drive small to medium sized innovation assignments/topics Assist Service Orchestration Management with the development of roadmaps for implementations related to Network services. Review and approve technical designs, specifications and statement of work documents. Oversee the delivery of quality IT solutions that support Healthineers business requirements ranging from direct requests from the business to complex and cross sector Global strategic initiatives. Consult, Troubleshoot and Solve IT infrastructure issues working with Business, IT partners and various IT teams Provide SME support for major incidents as needed Innovation Management: Embrace innovation and drive IT partners to create, plan and implement innovative network and security infrastructure based on approved concepts, designs and according to IT policies and guidelines. Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language appropriate to both executive and managerial audiences. Ability to effectively manage relationships with other infrastructure teams, application teams, stakeholders, business and customer representatives. Organizational skills with attention to task details, documentation and target dates. Strong written, oral, and presentation/communication skills. Team orientated, willing to share knowledge and collaborate with peers. Communicate effectively with customers and cross functional teams. Oversee the implementation of moves, adds and changes. Customer Service focused and a high level of professionalism. Strong communication and documentation skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively interact with all coworkers and stakeholders, including Senior Management. Ability to prioritize work and handle multiple tasks simultaneously in a fast paced, diverse and growth-oriented environment. Must know when to ask for assistance. Must be approachable, teachable, a team player with a strong desire to continue learning and expanding their experience in a highly evolving technical environment. Must have good time management skills and be able to meet rigid and urgent assignment schedules. Proven ability to influence the definition of technical strategies and design solutions. Must be technically sound in various IT infrastructure products and abreast of overall technology trends. Out-going attitude, commitment to detail and quality Ability to rapidly acquire technical skills and passion for continuous learning Industry certifications preferred Knowledge and experience with ITIL processes. Enterprise level Networking knowledge in multiple technical areas including: a. Networks (LAN, WAN, WLAN, Switches, Routers, Load Balancers, Proxies) b. Systems (Windows, UNIX, Linux) c. Information Security (Firewalls, Routers) Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience Demonstrates and applies comprehensive knowledge of field of specialization to the successful completion of complex assignments. Demonstrates advanced knowledge of concepts, practices, and procedures of particular area of specialization. Demonstrates significant knowledge of organization's business practices and issues faced and contributes to problem resolution of those issues. Typically 8-10 years of successful experience in related field and successful demonstration of Key Responsibilities and Knowledge as presented above. Advanced degree MAY be substituted for experience, where applicable. Capable of resolving critical issues in a time sensitive manner, cognizant of requisite service levels. History of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the customers while meeting deadlines. Critical attention to detail and solid creative problem solving skills. Ability to perform intermediate root cause analysis. Strong organizational, analytical, and problem solving skills. Provide detailed technical designs for new technology deployments. Process/format metrics and present results to management. Update process and design documentation and team websites. Work on review of entire environment and execute initiatives to reduce failures, defects and improving overall performance. High level knowledge of Enterprise Applications and their function (SAP, Oracle, Siebel) Ability to think critically and understand the dependencies in connected systems Passion for solving operational and business problems Ability to work effectively and efficiently with minimal supervision. Ability to work in a fast paced team environment Working knowledge of LEAN Methodology/Principles LI-ES1