Why LLS _How many people can answer the question, "What do you do for a living?" with the answer, "_ _I help find cures for cancer._ _" At LLS, employees take our mission seriously. Whether you work in one of our chapters, are an accountant at the national office or a specialist in our Information Resource Center, you work each day on making our mission a reality: Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families._ _Join us and give new meaning to the word, "job."_ Overview Summary: Performs general accounting/finance, IT, and basic HR functions for the field as needed, including the coordination of cash receipts and disbursements, preparing financial reports as required, and assisting the Executive Director support of LLS’ mission. Reports to: Executive Director and/or assigned Operations staff Supervises: N/A Responsibilities Ensure accurate and timely processing of donations and matching gifts Manage donor acknowledgement process (e.g., updating donor database, mailing donor acknowledgements and tax letters, etc.) Coordinate and code daily chapter financial records. (e.g. cash receipts, deposit slips, invoices and vendor statements) Provide general administrative management of chapter offices including supplies, purchasing, and business equipment Ensure the timely submission of weekly batches of invoices, check requests, and cash receipts templates to the national office. Coordinate the communication of accounting and operations policies and procedures to chapter staff. Work with national office staff to correct miscodings and other errors on financial reports as necessary. Review, distribute and reconcile regular reports created by the national office as needed. May assist the Executive Director with: Coordination of Board activity (e.g., arranging space and logistics for Board meetings, preparation of agendas, reports, and presentations, taking minutes, tracking Board attendance and giving, etc.) Preparation of chapter budgets and forecasts submitted to the national office. Analyzing program/chapter financial results. Maintain assigned office, program and event records, files and databases Provide administrative and clerical support as assigned May assist with select HR functions for chapters including updating time keeping system, posting open positions, scheduling interviews, obtaining and ensuring the completion of all related HR paperwork, onboarding, training, etc. May assist with select IT functions for chapters including troubleshooting, local technical support, serving as chapter IT contact for national office, etc. Maintain a working knowledge of the LLS mission and programs to promote the field and campaign fundraising initiatives. Provide on-site support for fundraising events as needed. May assist other chapter offices as needed under the direction of the Field Operations team. Perform other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Education & Experience Requirements: Associate’s degree preferred. 2+ years of operations and/or accounting experience. Position Requirements: Solid accounting skills (e.g., Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable). Detail-oriented and highly organized. Strong MS Office Suite skills Excellent interpersonal skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience with standard business machines and computers. Professional with sound judgment. Solid analytical skills. Physical Demands & Work Environment: Occasional weekend & evening work required as needed at events Possible minimal travel to support other chapters as needed Physical demands are minimal and typical of similar jobs in comparable organizations Work environment is representative and typical of similar jobs in comparable organizations Disclaimer The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees, and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of employees. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.