Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services — you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started! Division Information PACCAR Financial PACCAR Financial facilitates the sale of premium-quality PACCAR vehicles in 20 countries on three continents worldwide by offering a full spectrum of creative, flexible financial products and value-added services specifically tailored to the transportation industry. Requisition Summary Does empowering teams to make data driven decisions excite you? Do you wake up in the morning wondering what possibilities could be unlocked with more data? PACCAR Financial is looking for a seasoned data engineer to join the team. Data Engineering focuses on making possible fast, accurate, and reliable access to data. We build data pipelines, manage a data warehouse, and support the production use of our data. We advocate for good data practices and make sure that our business users are able to make good data driven decisions. Job Functions / Responsibilities Provide data engineering on modern, cloud-based and legacy data processing technology stacks. Build data pipelines, data validation frameworks, job schedules with emphasis on automation and scale. Contribute to overall architecture, framework, and design patterns to store and process high data volumes. Ensure product and technical features are delivered to spec and on-time. Design and implement features in collaboration with product owners, reporting analysts / data analysts, and business partners within an Agile / Scrum methodology. Proactively support product health by building solutions that are automated, scalable, and sustainable – be relentlessly focused on minimizing defects and technical debt. Qualifications and Skills 5+ years of experience in large-scale software development with emphasis on data analytics and high-volume data processing. 3+ years of experience in data engineering development. 2+ years of experience implementing scalable data architectures. 2+ years of experience with AWS and related services (e.g., EC2, S3, DynamoDB, ElasticSearch, SQS, SNS, Lambda, Airflow, Snowflake). Experience in data-centric programming languages (e.g., Python, GO, Ruby, Javascript, Scala). Proficiency with ETL tools and techniques. Knowledge of and experience with RDBMS platforms, such as MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, IMS, MySQL, Postgres, SAP HANA, and Teradata. Experience with participating in projects in a highly collaborative, multi-discipline team environment. Work settings: Requires frequent sitting and walking. Availability to work “on-call” 24 hours/day for emergencies. Position could be required to minimal traveling up to 20%. Education Masters' or Bachelors' degree in Computer Science or a related field. Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.