The NFL Digital Media Group is seeking a Product Manager for a new initiative involving artificial intelligence and conversational interfaces. This is an exciting opportunity to join a team working on a new product for the NFL, while still being a part of a larger Product team responsible for major applications such as NFL.com, NFL Fantasy and the NFL mobile app. The Product Manager will be charged with defining and delivering voice-driven AI experiences across a number of voice command devices. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with excellent communication skills who can develop a unique product vision. Experience with natural language processing, artificial intelligence and conversational interfaces (such as text-based bots and voice assistants such as Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant) is a plus but not required. Responsibilities Develop a product vision and execute a holistic strategy and roadmap for NFL conversational experiences. Understand user needs, evolving market trends, technology innovations, and competitive offerings to launch new product features while continuously improving existing functionality. Work closely with engineering, marketing, and business stakeholders to translate product features and functionality into detailed user stories/product requirements. Balance priorities and initiatives between short-term (6 months) activities and longer-term (18-24 months) objectives. Create buy-in for the product vision with both internal stakeholders and key external partners. Drive product launches through collaboration with PR, Marketing, executives, and other product management team members. Bachelor's degree and 3+ years of Product Management experience working in consumer technology or digital media. Demonstrated ability to gather and synthesize requirements across diverse functional areas and convert them into a product roadmap and vision. Strong technical product management experience. Ability to make decisions quickly and independently with minimal oversight. MBA preferred but not required . Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI and ML), recommendation systems, and/or voice platforms such as Amazon Alexa, Apple Siri, and Google Assistant. Strong knowledge of sports and digital sports products. Excellent communication and organizational skills. Ambitious, patient, and self-sufficient. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled