Description TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance. TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR. Qualifications JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW The Senior Information Security Analyst is responsible for assisting the Senior Analyst with audits and business related compliance issues. This will include scheduling, running and reporting on vulnerability audits and following up with appropriate teams to advocate for remediation ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Run audits on Vulnerability Management tools to assess potential vulnerabilities on network and vendor hosts and websites. Produce reports detailing findings. Report findings to appropriate teams and assist & advocate for remediation efforts. Review analytic tools and end point security alerts for user and server health and report issues to the appropriate teams. Research and/or reply answers to ad-hoc security related questions from the business. Assist InfoSec Team as needed with compliance audit requests and work with appropriate teams to gather audit related data. Participate in and coordinate communications on Touch-meetings InfoSec conducts with other IT Teams and the business. Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager’s discretion JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor’s degree desired; or equivalent combination of education and/or related work experience. Training Requirements (licenses, programs, or certificates): (one or more of the following strongly preferred): ISC2 – CISSP, CAP, and/or SSCP ISACA – CISA, CISM GIAC – GSNA, GSEC, GSSP, etc. Vulnerability Management platform accreditation Experience: (one or more of the following strongly preferred): Audit & Compliance Cloud Security Data Loss Prevention Incident Response Project Management Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Excellent communication and writing skills. Experience developing ways of accomplishing goals with little or no supervision, depending on oneself to complete objectives and determining when escalation of issues is necessary. Understands the basics of information Security controls, in particular in the context of regulatory compliance requirements (SOX, SSAE, PCI, etc.). Possesses a broad understanding of security best practices, principles & theories which should be applied in a rigorous & fast-paced environment. WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.) Minimal travel required Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting Ability to occasionally work remotely anticipated. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity. TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact a company manager, a company officer or a TriNet HR representative to request such an accommodation.