Senior Full Stack Engineer Practice: Engineering Reports to: Director of Engineering FLSA: Exempt Summary Working together with project managers, designers, and other engineers, the Full Stack Engineer is responsible for developing and maintain awesome applications for our clients utilizing the full ChaiOne tech stack. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Independently produces code for mobile that has been documented, communicated, and trained. Create production-ready code for Mobile that: Follow defined project architecture and ChaiOne best practices Leverages latest Full Stack best practices Code is Testable, Readable, and Well documented Deployed into cloud environments Work within a highly effective development teams that can complete implementations per the architecture that are: On time Within project parameters To stakeholder’s satisfaction. Create a rapport, communicate development decisions to Senior/Lead/SA/PM, and educate peers and more junior developers in best practices. Aid in producing or confirming estimates that are accurate, consistent, and achievable, that lead to the delivery of a high quality product Competencies Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 5-7 years of development experience Animations Deployment Docker Ember CLI AWS Heroku Azure Analytics Flurry Amazon Mobile Analytics Google Analytics Apple App Analytics Sentry.io Continuous Integration Push notifications Configuring projects to receive push notifications Provisioning Experience with push service providers (Urban Airship, Azure, Amazon SNS) Localization & Internationalization JSON – API Ember.js Ember CLI Ember Data Handlebars React.js Flux Redux NPM or Yarn ChaiOne Tool Stack GitHub JIRA Postman Good written & verbal communication skills Anjular.js (plus) Predix certification (plus) Have what it takes to be a ChaiOneNaut? ChaiOne is a tight-knit bunch of creative, curious, and passionate people. Here are a few reasons that we know you'd love it here: You’ll work in a flexible, social work environment. You'll solve challenging, meaningful problems worth solving. You’ll explore cutting edge technology, and harness its power to transform the way businesses operate. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.