Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking an Thermal Engineer Intern to join our Server Design Team. Our servers and data centers are the foundation upon which our rapidly scaling infrastructure efficiently operates and upon which our innovative services are delivered. The intern will work closely with design engineers in the team to toughly test and validate our fully customized server hardware. This position is located in our Menlo Park office.Ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in 2019. RESPONSIBILITIES Measure thermal performance of servers using proper tools and test plans and qualify operation Develop and publish test reports and communicate findings to team members. Create automated test infrastructure, through the use of scripted languages and remotely controlled test equipment Analyze and simulate server cooling schemes Execute tests according to plan, while keeping a thorough procedural record and data log Provide input on fan control algorithm optimizations Engage hardware team to ensure proper component design Diagnose and root cause component failures Perform CFD analysis to solve the thermal challenges in the server/storage/network system MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a BS or MS degree in mechanical engineering or related field Knowledge of fluid dynamic and heat transfer (conduction/convection/radiation) Familiar with lab equipment, oscilloscopes, power meters, data acquisition systems, air flow chambers, and /or environmental chamber Experience with SolidWork Coding experience in Python, Matlab, and/or C/C++ Experience in 3D CAD software Trouble shooting and analytical skills Communications skills PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with Linux Experience with LabView Experience performing thermal optimizations Familiar with server and storage architecture and components