The Junior Systems Administrator position is a hands-on customer facing role participating in the definition and development of customer specific application requirements and supporting documentation. Excellent customer service and effective communication skills (written and verbal) are basic components of the job. While customer interaction is a major focus of the Hosting Operations organization, internal coordination between other Alarm.com organizations is required. Additionally, the Junior Systems Administrator will own tasks to resolution. The ideal candidate is a technically sound, result driven professional with an operational background and strong analytical ability. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Provide 24x7 Remote Hands and On-Site Escalation Support Create and maintain technical documentation for operational readiness Participate in on-call escalation rotation Build, troubleshoot and document systems in high availability clusters Maintain security best practices Deploy application servers Maintain production tools for day-to-day operations and 24x7 monitoring Education, Job Knowledge, and Skills Bachelor's degree in computer science, related field or equivalent work experience preferred Minimum 2 years’ work experience Industry related certifications a plus Demonstrated understanding of multi-tiered web applications Demonstrated understanding of virtualization technologies, such as VMWare Understanding of general networking principals Strong interpersonal skills to coordinate with other organizations across the business while managing customer expectations. Knowledge of systems management concepts, processes and standards Demonstrated knowledge of Software Lifecycles and QA Procedures Experienced working on Project type work, where needed to work to schedules/deadlines “Proactive” mindset; not a just sit back and wait for somebody else Innovative and come up with solutions instead of just pointing out problems Highly organized; must have a strong discipline for managing/prioritizing/scheduling their own workload COMPANY INFO Alarm.com is the leading cloud-based platform for the smart home. Millions of home and business owners depend on our technology every day to make their properties safer, smarter, and more efficient. We make the Smart Home broadly accessible by enabling easy automation and control across a range of connected devices through our single, intuitive user interface. Alarm.com earned the Top Workplace™ award for its employee culture and the meaningful work we do every day to develop and bring to market new technology that will make millions of people safer and help them use energy more efficiently. We’re seeking those who are passionate about creating change through technology and who want to make a lasting impact on the world around them. Our solutions are exclusively distributed through a network of authorized service providers. For more information, please visit www.alarm.com. COMPANY BENEFITS Alarm.com offers competitive pay and benefits including a wide choice of healthcare options with generous company subsidy, a health savings account option with company contribution, 401(k) with employer match, paid holidays and paid time off increasing with tenure, paid maternity and paternity leave, company paid STD/LTD and life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a casual dress work environment. Alarm.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer