The Communications and Collaboration Technology team within ISC’s Technology Services group is looking for a Windows Systems Administrator to support the PennO365 service. This service is the central email system for the University of Pennsylvania, based on Microsoft’s cloud infrastructure. In this position, the Administrator will be responsible for Domain Administration of the Azure based service backing the PennO365 service and its integration with the University’s identity management system. The position will design, code, test and document tools and utilities; install and test software and respond to customer requests and questions, including 2nd tier support; perform performance and incidents monitoring and diagnose issues with the O365 environment at Penn; manage and install licenses and certificates; monitor security announcements and event logs for potential security risks and install patches; work with senior members of the staff to design and build software and scripts to manage the Penn O365 environment as well its supporting systems, utilizing both Windows and Linux technologies; and work closely with the other Windows Administrators on the Technology Services team. In addition to the above duties, the Senior level will design and build software and scripts to manage the Penn O365 environment as well its supporting systems, utilizing both Windows and Linux technologies. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of one year of operating systems maintenance and analysis experience (three years of experience for the Senior level) or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated ability to integrate new functionality using standard windows administrative techniques as well as bespoke solutions or custom PowerShell scripts. Willingness and ability to learn Linux-based technologies and approaches to improve the service are a plus. Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills for frequent interaction with clients and vendors. Occasional work outside normal business hours. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.