Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. As a Technical Program Manager for Cloud Interconnect, you will support our customers by helping them connect to the Google Cloud Platform. You will work directly with customers in a post-sales role, guiding the customer through implementation of interconnect solutions and ensure that our customers have a seamless on-boarding experience with Google Cloud Interconnect solutions. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Support Cloud Interconnect customers through activation. Drive process improvements in automated turn-up and service delivery. Help customers overcome challenges with on-premise equipment configuration, and assist with troubleshooting with connectivity and performance challenges. Validate and test customer configurations. Assist Google’s partner Engineering team to build an ecosystem of integration partners, and manage technical integrations for Interconnect. Build automation and dashboards, and lead improvements in documentation, playbooks, and training for support organizations. Manage capacity plans for Cloud Interconnect to enable efficient and scalable infrastructure. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in a Technical or Engineering field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant experience in a related area. Experience in Network Engineering. Experience in presenting and communicating technical solutions to enterprise customers. Preferred qualifications: Experience working in an customer-facing role. Experience reading/writing code in one or more languages such as; Python, Java, Javascript, etc. Understanding of cloud computing, Infrastructure-as-a-Service and Platform-as-a-Service (IaaS/PaaS), with a background in Network Engineering. Effective organization, multi-tasking and prioritization skills. Ability to travel as required. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.