Job Description: The Insights and Analytics team is responsible for delivering business insights and actionable intelligence to the Customer Service Organization, with a focus on Resource Planning. The Sr. Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst provides analytical support to the organization by structuring and analyzing a wide range of complex business problems using facts/data to determine root cause, derive conclusions and deliver recommendations to executive level audiences. Additional responsibilities include report development as well as enhancement and automation of existing reports. The Sr. Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst is an individual contributor who is extremely analytical and thrives on the challenges inherent in dissecting complex business problems. The ideal candidate is data driven, a creative thinker, with passion for efficiency and automation. Analytical dexterity, excellent communication skills, and the ability to work under pressure are critical to success in this position. Successful candidates will have extensive experience in data analysis, report development and automation. They will be highly proficient at writing queries to fetch data from SQL Server and Teradata, and will be able to select the appropriate tool and technique for data transformation, analysis and visualization. Responsibilities: Extract data from multiple sources (Teradata, MS SQL Server, Oracle), perform data cleansing and data transformation Perform data validation and analysis to drive business insights Present complex analytic findings to diverse audiences Lead continuous improvement initiatives for the Resource Planning (Customer Care) organization Develop reporting as well as enhance and automate existing reports Build cross functional relationships to drive strategic discussions and continuous improvement Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in quantitative discipline (Math/Statistics/ Computer Science/Finance/Economics or other) Minimum 5 years of related experience Advanced SQL knowledge and expertise with relational databases (Teradata, MS-SQL Server, Oracle) Experience with stored procedures and automated jobs Highly proficient in Excel and Power Point Dashboard development and data visualization with Tableau Data transformation with SSIS, Alteryx or similar Understand data visualization and best practices Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Experience in operational analysis of corporate initiatives preferred Experience in Forecasting is a plus Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.