This is an opportunity to play a critical role in the digital evolution of NBC News, one of the world’s best known and most trusted news organizations. We are looking for a software engineer for the Business Intelligence team, a part of NBC News Digital Technology. You will be responsible for designing and maintaining efficient, flexible, and extensible analytic frameworks. You will operate as a point person with other development teams to facilitate analytics implementations across the NBC News Digital portfolio on web, mobile and OTT platforms. You will be responsible for understanding and advising on the use of various 3rd party software that the team uses for reporting such as: Parse.ly, Dynamic Yield, Adobe Analytics, etc. This position reports to the Head of Business Intelligence and is based in Seattle, WA. Responsibilities: Implement and maintain 1st and 3rd party analytics solutions Possess an in-depth understanding of the underlying data, data structures, and business uses of our data Ensure data collection is accurate Provide clear, accurate and timely statuses to BI projects Demonstrate critical thinking for potential roadblocks; comprehend a bigger picture of the business and effectively communicate these issues to the greater BI organization Work closely with internal stakeholders to implement solutions that adhere to solution designs and schema Qualifications/Requirements Requirements: Passion for media and news B.S. degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent experience 2-3 years experience in a developer role Proficient with Javascript Proficient with Linux environment Proficient with data layers, and other modern implementation concepts Familiarity with SQL Familiarity with Analytics Platforms such as Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics Experience working with Tag management solutions (GTM, DTM, etc) a plus Experience with distributed data technologies (e.g. Spark) a plus Sub-Business News Digital Career Level Experienced City Seattle State/Province Washington Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.