Data Analyst Blackbird Garage _Chicago, IL_ As our in house Data Analyst, you will work on a variety of projects for our clients. One project might be extracting and cleansing existing data. Another might be doing a deep dive on customer lifetime value. Your analyses will directly impact the decisions our clients make. What we do, and how we do it: Blackbird Garage is a digital growth agency that specializes in direct response customer acquisition. We’re experts at ecommerce strategy and paid social advertising. Think Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest ads. We plan and optimize paid social campaigns. We’ve helped numerous brands scale rapidly and profitably. Who we’re looking for: We need someone that can take messy sets of data, uncover actionable insights, and turn insights into compelling stories. Skills: 4-6 years experience in a highly analytical role. Bachelors degree in Science, Technology, or Math preferred. Rock solid data analysis skills. Adept ability to communicate complex information into plain English. Well versed in startup metrics. You’re a pro at lifetime value analysis. Strong knowledge of Excel, SQL, statistics, web analytics tools, and experiment design. Inquisitive mind that seeks data for answers. Able to optimize your time. What you would do: Enable our clients to make data driven decisions that will impact their growth. Listen for challenges, frame a problem, and then dive into the data to uncover actionable insights. Help clients clean up and standardize their data collection and reporting. Utilize the client’s existing technology to pull data. This could include SQL, Shopify, Google Analytics, weblogs, transactional data, Mixpanel, Excel, and more. Translate data into easy to comprehend stories. Learn new technologies to do your work more efficiently. Perks: Access to industry conferences. Access to a leading shared work space in Chicago. Free food: Breakfast once every other week. Lunch once a week. Fruit twice a week. Fast moving, tight-knit team. The equipment you need to be successful.