The Database Administrator I/II creates, maintains, and improves databases in a complex, distributed server environment. Ensures database design is effective, secure and reliable in order to meet APS's needs Required Education and Experience for Level I Bachelors' degree in Information Technology or related field and 1 years of prior relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and directly related experience. Requires basic technical subject matter knowledge within a job area or system Required Education and Experience for Level II Bachelors' degree in Information Technology or related field and 3 years of prior relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and directly related experience. Requires working technical knowledge gained through experience within a job area or system Preferred Special Skills, Knowledge, or Qualifications Knowledge of physical data models, technical architecture, system interfaces, etc. Ability to develop and write technical documentation; model and deploy relational databases. Proficient in install and supporting relational database management systems (RDMS); demonstrated continuous ability to improve operations and streamline work processes. Key Job Accountabilities 1) Assists in managing and maintaining reliability in APS¿s database 2) Installs, monitors, and assists in reactive measures to ensure the availability, integrity, confidentiality and reliability of database systems 3) Responsible for data integrity and availability 4) Performs database maintenance functions 5) Updates and maintains issues knowledge base as appropriate 6) Utilizes database administration tools/utilities/operation procedures 7) Monitors and manages user accounts, and maintains database instances 8) Coordinates resolution of trouble calls with help desk 9) Performs related work as required Key Level Differentiators Works under direct supervision Uses existing methods designed by other technical colleagues Conducts research and analysis to solve standard job related problems Decisions made impact self and have low impact on own and related job family and department Export Compliance/EEO This position may require access to and/or use of information subject to control under the Department of Energy's Part 810 Regulations (10 CFR Part 810), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR Parts 730 through 774), or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter M Part 120) (collectively, "U.S. Export Control Laws"). Therefore, some positions may require applicants to be a U.S. person, which is defined as a U.S. Citizen, a U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), a Political Asylee, or a Refugee under the U.S. Export Control Laws. All applicants will be required to confirm their U.S. person or non-US person status. All information collected in this regard will only be used to ensure compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws, and will be used in full compliance with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of national origin and other factors. For positions at Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations (PVNGS) all openings will require applicants to be a U.S. person. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Pinnacle West”) provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.