Check Point Software Technologies is the largest independent security company in the works and a 17-time Gartner Magic Quadrant leader for our innovation and ability to execute. We believe in helping our customers stay one step ahead of threats, hackers and malicious activities across the network, cloud, endpoint and mobile devices. If you are a highly motivated, hard-working, intelligent, and passionate individual, then we have a role for you! As a member of the Check Point vSEC Cloud Architecture team you will report to the Head of Cloud Security Architects supporting Commercial, SLED & Enterprise sales teams with in your given geography. In this critical role, you will partner with the local teams and your sales counterpart to drive incremental sales growth for our data center, cloud & SDN solutions. You will be responsible for developing your business across all regions and technology segments with in your territory to deliver above quota sales performance for our vSEC products. In this role, you will also work collaboratively with our Channel partners to help training, develop and enable our partners to gain proficiency around Check Point’s vSEC solutions and help go-to-market with joint sales enablement activities. Regional Extensive domestic travel is required up to 50% of the time. Ideal candidates will have prior experience selling security based products (such as Firewalls, IDS/IPS, Content Filtering, Data Loss Prevention) and Cloud related competencies. The vSEC Portfolio supports a variety of technology integrations covering VMware NSX, Cisco ACI, OpenStack, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure & Google Compute Platform. Desired Background BS technical degree or equivalent 5-10 years of above quota sales experience as a systems engineer and/or architect role supporting Security and or Cloud technologies across multiple customer segments. Be the main go-to resource for the sales team and potential customers for technical product questions, trials and pre-sale customer issues during the sales cycle. Delivery of technical product presentations along with sales reps via web conferencing or in the field. Assist sales reps and customers on determining if customer environments are supported by current and future versions of Check Point’s vSEC Cloud & SDN solutions. Provide essential input and responses to RFIs / RFPs. Assist in the delivery of technical training modules to new team representatives including ongoing training to the sales team. Work directly with Product Management team as a liaison to accounts around technical product requirements and to provide customer feedback with the goal of enabling continuous improvement of Check Point’s vSEC Cloud & Virtualization solutions. EOE M/F/Veterans/Disabled