Home Health - Client Success Consultant Axxess – Dallas, Texas Axxess | The Best Place to Work In Technology Who we are It’s simple. We do business differently, by empowering our team to create fresh ideas which impact lives everywhere. We don’t just dream it; we do it every day at Axxess. We bring life-changing technology to healthcare impacting the way people work, learn and grow their business. Our edge does not come from our technology, it comes from our people. We work as one team with a common goal to create shared success benefiting everyone. What we are looking for Due to the continued growth of our business, we are seeking Client Success Consultant to join our Client Success Team, located at our headquarters in Dallas, Texas. If you enjoy making a positive impact on patients' lives across the country, this is an opportunity to use your home health knowledge to provide consultative support to solutions. What you’ll be doing Provide consultative support and solutions for all Axxess customers; answer questions, resolve problems and offer general assistance for the day-to-day operations of our various Axxess' services. Partner effectively to provide quality support, while always upholding company values. Respond rapidly and provide prompt consultative support to client concerns; escalate unresolved matters and maintain ownership through to a timely resolution. Receive ongoing training to maintain knowledge and relevancy within the industry and company products/services. Communicate with clientele; perform data entry; research to diagnose inquiries; managing database records and provide status reports on reported issues – all done with speed and professionalism. Attend industry trade events and Axxess sponsored customer events, as requested. What you bring Home health industry experience, required. Bachelor's degree (Informal training and work experience may be considered in lieu of education.) Working knowledge of OASIS, preferred. Ability to provide consultative service support to clients on areas such as, Start of Care, Resumption of Care, Recertification, and Discharge in order to ensure completeness and regulatory compliance, is ideal. Computer literate and prior experience with web/cloud-based software and/or CRM databases, preferred. Experience with ICD 9 and ICD10 paired with a Coding Certification, is a bonus! Understanding of Medical Billing through Medicare, Medicaid and General Insurance avenues. Demonstrated ability to anticipate customer needs paired with the drive to provide a consultative solution. Demonstrated ability to organize and implement priorities; manage multiple tasks, in a dynamic setting. What we’ll bring Casual Friday, Everyday Competitive Compensation Package Professional Development for Career Growth Free catered lunches 20 PTO (Paid-Time-Off) Days + Holidays + Birthday’s off Holiday and Employee Celebrations Full Benefit Selection, including matching 401k Free onsite employee gym Genuine respect for work-life integration Respect and collaborative team environment