Bentley Systems is a global leader in providing engineers, architects, geospatial professionals, constructors, and owner-operators with comprehensive software solutions for advancing the design, construction, and operations of infrastructure. Bentley users leverage information mobility across disciplines and throughout the infrastructure lifecycle to deliver better-performing projects and assets. Bentley solutions encompass MicroStation applications for information modelling, ProjectWise collaboration services to deliver integrated projects, and AssetWise operations services to achieve intelligent infrastructure – complemented by comprehensive managed services offered through customized Success Plans. Founded in 1984, Bentley has more than 3,500 colleagues in over 50 countries, $700 million in annual revenues, and since 2012 has invested more than $1 billion in research, development, and acquisitions. Bentley Systems is seeking an experienced, highly quantitative, goal driven D ata Scientist with a passion for experimentation and curiosity to join our Product Success team. Are you ready to start a new journey with energized professionals advancing and connecting the world’s infrastructure? Bentley is looking for you! Location: Exton or Philadelphia, PA Your Day to Day Facilitate the use of large data sets to validate hypothesis, product management strategy and improve user experience. Develop algorithms utilizing statistical and machine learning techniques Develop predictive models to optimize user experience and improve business outcomes Assess effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy What You Bring To The Team: Bachelor's degree in analytical field (math, statistics, computer science, engineering) 1-5 years of experience in product data analysis, A/B testing, etc. Experience with product management, engineering or user experience (UX/CX) teams Experience in one or more of: Python, Spark, Hadoop, Hive, R, U-SQL, Azure Data Lake Analytics What We Offer: Competitive Salary and excellent benefits. A friendly, collaborative and supportive team environment. Being part of the world-leading software company providing solutions for architecture, engineering and construction. Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled Bentley is an equal opportunity employer and considers for employment all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, sex, disability, protected veteran status, religion, national origin, age or any other protected characteristic. Additional information about your rights as an applicant under the law may be found by clicking here and here. Bentley participates in e-Verify / Bentley participa en e-Verify Right to Work / Derecho a Trabajar We encourage you to request a reasonable accommodation if you are not able to fully use or access our online application system. You can make an accommodation request by calling 610-458-5000 or sending us an email at disabilityrequest@bentley.com. Search Firm Disclosure : Please be aware Bentley is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. This includes any phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Bentley via- email, the Internet (including social media) or in any form and/or method for this specific position in the absence of a written recruiting agreement executed by both you and/or your firm and Bentley will be deemed the sole property of Bentley and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Bentley.