Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. XFINITY Mobile is a new wireless service built for the way people use their phones today with the internet at the center of the experience. We use America's largest and most reliable 4G LTE network, along with the nation's largest WiFi network, to give customers a better wireless experience.Core Responsibilities: Creates business requirements for new credit data processing applications and associated platforms and participates in the development of credit scoring process strategy.Project manages system changes from concept through implementation, including gathering business requirements, business case development, writing process specifications, budgeting, and/or creating use cases for testing. Identifies and evaluates new tools, models, and vendor products to be incorporated into the platform.Prepares system deployment and ongoing operational cost estimates, budgets, and schedules.Reviews current status of scoring processes and prepares recommendations for future enhancements.Proactively manages relationships between the IT organization and the business units that use the supported application(s).Education and Experience: Education Level Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent is required. Master's preferred.Years of Experience Generally requires 5-7 years of related experienceComplianceComcast is an EEO/AA/Drug Free Workplace.DisclaimerThe above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer