_For more than a century, Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine (PCOM) has trained highly competent, caring physicians, health practitioners and behavioral scientists who practice a "whole person" approach — treating people, not just symptoms._ __ _At the main campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the branch campus in Suwanee, Georgia, PCOM students learn to approach problem solving in a more professional, more team-oriented manner, which prepares them to work successfully in integrated healthcare settings with other health professionals. Both campuses feature modern facilities and state-of-the-art technologies, all part of an innovative learning environment designed for collaboration and interaction._ Job Details Assistant Database Administrator (003402) Job Number: 003402 Job Title: Assistant Database Administrator Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Direct Hire Country: United States State/Province: Pennsylvania City: Philadelphia Job Schedule: Full Time Job Category: Computers/Information Technology - Database Administrator Career Level: Junior(non-manager) Level of Education: Four-Year Degree Years of Experience: 4 Position Description SUMMARY: This position reports to the Database Administrator Manager. This this person will work as part of the database team. They will serve as a backup to the Database Administrator. They will also work closely with the Enterprise Applications and Network teams to maintain a secure and reliable applications environment. Additionally, they will assist in identifying and applying patches to systems as required. They will be responsible for identifying and reporting problems and/or opportunities to management. This position is also responsible for coordinating with programmers and other personnel in the planning, development, testing, and documenting of changes being made to Enterprise Systems. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Oversee the deployment, integration and initial configuration of all new security solutions for the enhancement to existing applications in accordance with standard best operating procedures. Authorize new users and ensure that only appropriate employees have access to PCOM’s Application Systems. Review application security logs for any security violations. Prepare and organize reports for management about security status and violations. Collaborate with others IT staff and work in a team environment as a team player. Administer the user management system for the formulation of user IDs and creating of user accounts. Assist in automating inter-departmental processes. Keep up with application patches and assist with creating a plan of action to apply necessary patches. Serve as a liaison between the Programmer Analysts and Database Administration team Serves as a liaison between the helpdesk and other key IT teams as well as the Database Administration team. Work with the helpdesk to reduce the impact of problems by providing training to improve and satisfy the Database Administration team’s Service Level Agreement (SLA). Play an instrumental role in governance of the ERP system, including data standards. Work closely with key departments and the Enterprise Applications team in order to foster automation for enforcing security and compliance. Install, upgrade, and maintain enterprise related applications and databases (Oracle, MSSQL, and mySQL) as needed to ensure high availability. Serve as a backup to the Database Administrator. Support the Database Team with Linux Systems Administration on Enterprise Systems. Position Requirements EDUCATION: Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Information Systems of Computer Science A Master’s Degree in Computer Information Systems or Computer Science is preferred. Professional Certification such as PMP, MCP, MCA, and or MCSE is a plus. EXPERIENCE: At least two years of programming with Perl. At least three years of programming with borne again shell (bash). At least two years of programming with PHP or Oracle Application Express (APEX). At least four years of programming with PL/SQL. At least two years of NIX command line manipulation. At least two years of managing complex projects. At least four years of working with Application Programming Interface (API) including RESTful or SOAP. At least two years of administering a source code re-visionary control system. Application Instructions Resume Salary Requirement 3 Professional References, preferably present or prior supervisors.