Job Description Do you have a passion for learning and applying modern software engineering practices to help solve business problems or bring new insight? If so, we are looking for energetic team members to join our agile squad in 88 University Place, NYC. Job Duties: We are looking for someone to develop a modern, cloud based solution for a strategic initiative that enables IBM to more effectively and efficiently make business decisions based using your solution. Your team's responsibility will be to create the working foundation of infrastructure and architecture design of the large scale, big data solution. This will include the development of the prototype through to a full operational system that many different teams (including yours) perform development within. The key experiences required include Apache SPARK, Apache Kafka, Python, and Parquet formats. Also, significant experience using ETL (extract, transform, and load tools) not mentioned are needed. Experience with Scala is also a nice to have. You will also be responsible for selecting and using the DevOps tools for continuous integration, builds, and monitoring of the solutions. You will join and exciting team, in an open landscaped, collaborative environment using agile delivery methods. Any experience in converting legacy ETL into the newer technologies is highly valued as well. Above all, we are looking for applicants who will thrive in an open, energetic, flexible, fun-spirited, collaborative environment and desire creative freedom and an opportunity to work on high performing teams! No remote opportunities exist. Must have the ability to work in the US without current/future need for IBM sponsorship Required Technical and Professional Expertise 3-5 years professional experience with Python and using Big Data technologies such as Apache Spark, Kafka, HDFS, Hive & Hadoop. 2 years professional experience using Parquet formats 3-5 years professional experience using ETL (extract, transform, and load) tools. 3-5 years of Cloud base architecture (for example: Bluemix or AWS development) Demonstrated experience to work as part of an Agile team as a strong team player. Demonstrated experience as lead software engineer and the ability to lead other engineers to deliver solutions for product owners. 3-5 years years in Full-stack development experience (AngularJS, Node.js, React, VueJS, jQuery). 3-5 years experience using both relational and No-SQL databases. 2 plus years of advanced practice of Agile development methodologies. 3-5 years of experience in DevOps (for example: Jenkins, Travis CI, UrbanCode Deploy, Nagios) Preferred Tech and Prof Experience 2-3 years experience in Jasmine/Karma or a similar unit/functional testing framework. 2-3 years Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) 2-3 years experience in Automated Testing 2-3 years experience with Data Science / Data Analyst and their associated tools. EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.