This position focuses on the development and delivery of data warehousing and business intelligence solutions including: cubes, dashboards, scorecards, reports, user interfaces, and associated data structures using Microsoft applications and tools. The ETL Developer interfaces with stakeholders to understand their needs and then translates them into solutions which deliver business value. Responsibilities Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Design and develop data movements using SSIS and stored procedures Develop reports and dashboards using reporting services (SSRS), OLAP cubes (SSAS), Power pivot, Tableau and relational databases. Ability to iteratively develop reporting and data solutions in an agile fashion to meet business needs. Build, Optimize existing and expand Cubes to support business reporting needs using SSAS and SSIS. Follow data standards, resolve data issues, complete unit testing and system documentation for ETL processes. Create solutions utilizing industry standard dimensional models and data architecture to support business users that include data scientists, analysts and non-technical functional users. Collaborate with IT operations and testing organizations to ensure timely releases of projects and make sure database environments are sustainable, code migrations to production Create ad-hoc queries and reports as requested and provide on-going analytical support for these requests . Collaborate with business analysts, subject matter experts, and other team members to determine data extraction and transformation requirements. Support IT staff and business users in the development, usage and troubleshooting of database-driven applications. Provide documentation (Data Mapping, Technical Specifications, Production Support, data dictionaries, test cases, etc.) for all projects. Respond quickly to bug fixes and enhancement requests and be able to take directions and complete tasks on-time with minimal supervision. Manage and prioritze multiple work streams across different projects and business units. Qualifications Additional Duties and Responsibilities: Attends meetings as required. Supporting production reporting systems. Perform other duties when assigned. Adhering to and complying with the applicable, federal and state laws, regulations and guidance, including those related to Anti-money laundering (i.e. Bank Secrecy Act, US Patriot Act etc.) Adhering to Bank policies and procedures. Experience/Skills Required: Requires 7+years of progressive experience in developing and supporting data and reporting projects Requires 7+ years of in-depth experience using Microsoft stack of ETL and BI tools including SSIS, SSRS and SSAS {MDX and DAX queries} Advance knowledge and experience of data architecture, dimensional modeling and performance tuning related to ETL and stored procedures. Demonstrated experience building cubes and reports that take advantage of OLAP/Dimensional Modeling capabilities and 3+yrs of production maintenance experience of SSAS cubes and SSIS packages. Expert level experience working with both batch and real time processing systems. Must possess excellent written and oral communications skills and the ability to clearly define projects, objectives, goals, schedules and assignments. Experience with Reporting and Dashboards including BI data modeling and architecture in financial services industry is preferred. Proficiency in one of the scripting languages such as Java, Scala or Python is preferred. Experience working with AWS Big Data technologies (EMR, S3, Redshift) preferred. Experience migrating relational database to AWS RDS or Dynamo DB is nice to have. Education Requirements Four-year college degree preferred with an emphasis in a computer related field or the equivalent skill, knowledge and mental development.