Curtiss-Wright is looking for a Quality Assurance Manager to join our Gilbert facility. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining technical quality assurance, control systems and activities. The Quality Assurance Manager defines and specifies the implementation of standards, methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision, accuracy and reliability of company products. Participates in the reviewing of engineering designs to contribute quality requirements and considerations. Assists product support areas in gathering and analyzing data. Selects, develops, and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function. Your challenge Reviews quality assurance unit system and methods on a periodic basis to ensure its efficient operation and its compliance with applicable regulations and standards. Reviews and disseminates regulatory reference information that may affect the operation of the quality assurance unit or other areas. Reports the status of compliance with applicable regulations and standards that relate to studies, operations, and facilities to management. Reviews quality assurance unit inspection reports to assess findings, responses, and need for follow-up activities. Serves as a key contact for inspections and provides input for responses to those inspections. Serves as an internal consultant for system validation projects. Supervising inspectors and quality engineers. Your expertise Bachelor's Degree Minimum of 7 years' experience managing people, along with direct interface in dealing with customer representatives Strong computer experience with knowledge of MS Office Strong oral and written communication skills along with good presentation skills GD & T experience along with Core Quality tools experience Ability to make compliance determinations and understand statistical inference Familiarity with Aerospace and AS9100 - Rev D is desirable This position may require exposure to information which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of U.S. regulations. Curtiss-Wright values diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you require accommodation due to a disability at any time during the recruitment and/or assessment process, please contact Talent Acquisition and we will make all reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled