Position Overview: The ideal candidate is someone well versed in modern multi-device UX Design practices. Practices that extend from wireframes, flow diagrams and interaction design through visual design execution and creation of design specifications. We are looking for a self-starter who is driven to collaborate and inspire with engineers, product management, and business stakeholders within the enterprise. This position calls for someone who likes to create compelling and usable solutions in areas full of complexity. Design training and graphical sophistication, as well as a solid understanding of design patterns and interaction models are a must. A Product Designer who is able to thrive in a highly collaborative environment (without ego) is priceless in this position because of the emphasis on testing and iteration within the organization. This Product designer would participate in and help facilitate design brainstorming and work sessions. This person would need to be able to sketch, produce storyboards, flow diagrams, and other artifacts required to develop and evolve the customer experience. This Product Designer would work with the Engineering and Product Management teams to interpret test results and incorporate results into design efforts. Effectively communicate, defend, and build consensus around visual + motion definition and design direction. You would be creating visual materials as well as designing user interfaces within the structure of existing and new omni-channel experiences across all FTD brands. Responsibilities: The ability to solve complex interaction design issues. Effective collaboration with visual design, product management, and engineering. Gauging the usability of new and existing products, and making constructive suggestions for change. Requirements: 4+ years education or equivalent design experience in product, company or agency. 1+ years corporate experience (eCommerce/enterprise environment preferred). Experience working with Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, Invision (other design software a plus). Understanding of front-end technologies (HTML,CSS, JS). Ability to rapid prototype (from paper prototyping to interactive prototypes) a plus. Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills. Capacity to work well in team environment. Experience in an environment preferred. What we offer: Exciting opportunity to be a part of a team that builds and evolves high performance, scalable order processing systems handling large transactional volumes: processing more than 50,000 orders a day, close to 5 million payment transactions a week; handling more than 1.5 million customer notifications in a day etc. We encourage and welcome out of the box ideas in all areas like artificial intelligence, data processing and information retrieval, voice capabilities, automation, computer vision, etc. Enjoy all the benefits of working for a publicly traded company (stock purchase plan, flexible hours and a healthy vacation plan). A relaxed work environment (shorts and sandals always welcome, onsite gym with classes). The blending of cultures across multiple cities and 3 continents where you can be part of helping shape our future. Lines of business and a technology organization ready to embrace your role and the business value it brings. A "flat" organization where you will spend time with business leaders, managers, developers, product management and executive leadership. Career opportunities! Those that have positive impact, with a positive approach, have a very bright future as we change, grow, expand and explore new and exciting experiences for our global customer base. LI-SP1 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled