Position Information Job Title Data Analyst Department Texas Policy Lab Full Time/Part Time Full-Time Requisition Number S19014 Open Date 07/11/2018 Close Date Salary Information Salary Commensurate with Experience and Qualifications Work Schedule Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.; some late evenings may be required, including some weekends. Benefits Eligible Yes Eligible for Overtime No Position Summary The Texas Policy Lab (TPL) is seeking a data analyst. The position entails cleaning and merging datasets, visualizing data through charts and infographics, estimating cutting-edge econometric models, and working to understand the impact of public policy with a large, diverse and talented team. Additional responsibilities will include conducting basic research, collecting data, performing basic statistical analysis, proofreading and editing published written work, drafting articles and reports. In addition, s/he will assist in minor administrative functions. S/he will work on several projects at a time with pressing deadlines. The position is a great opportunity to develop quantitative skills while solving pressing problems of the Texas government. Education Required Bachelor's Degree Concentration / Degree Type Relevant field (economics, statistics, public policy, finance, etc.) with some coursework in econometrics and statistics. Substitution for Education Requirement Experience may not be substituted for the education requirement. Education Preferred Master’s degree in a relevant field (economics, statistics, public policy, finance, etc.). Experience Required 1 year Type of Experience Related experience with data work. Substitution for Experience Requirement May substitute additional related education, above and beyond what is required, on an equivalent year for year basis in lieu of the experience requirement. Experience Preferred Experience with randomized controlled trials, or field experiments. Professional experience outside of academia. License/Certification Required License/Certification Preferred Skills Required Knowledge of software statistical packages such as Stata, SAS, R, or HLM. Good analytical and research skills. Good verbal and written communications skills including proofreading. Good presentation skills. Ability to work independently and as a part of a team. Skills Preferred Additional knowledge of programming languages and statistical packages. Experience with visualizing data. Internal / External Contacts Work closely and report to the Research Associate and Director of Research Operations. Frequent contact with the TPL research team, executive director, IT and data manager, data architect, and other technical staff on campus. In contact with various TPL personnel, including local and state entities from which TPL will acquire data. Physical Demands Must be able to work at a computer terminal for extended periods of time. Working Conditions Monday-Friday, standard 40 hour work week. Some late evenings and/or weekends will be required to meet deadlines. Security Sensitive Yes