Overview We are looking for people to join a Remote Help Desk team that is not like other Remote Help Desk teams. Would you like to work in a dynamic fast-moving environment that values social interaction as well as technical prowess? We pride ourselves on hiring bright, driven, enthusiastic people that have experience in supporting in primarily PC environments but can also handle a Mac equally well. Our workplace is where you will sharpen existing skills and develop new ones around new technology as it emerges. It is a bright, vibrant, challenging environment that leave you feeling like you’ve helped make an impact. We need people who can hold a conversation as well as resolve complex technical issues effectively and efficiently through multiple mediums (chat, ticket, phone). We want people for whom going “over and above” is second nature, who value the people behind the problems, and for whom technology is their passion. We want to deliver the best IT Help Desk experience in the world and if you think you are up to the challenge... read on... Responsibilities Applies critical thinking to complex user requests and provides as much context and information as possible to deliver the best solutions as quickly as possible. Troubleshoots client-side network connectivity issues, including digital authentication, remote access, secure Wi-Fi and wired connectivity to the internal network. Supports user requests and performs remote installations as needed. Assists remote users with access problems ranging from password resets to network access failures. Supports messaging & calendaring services and content collaboration. Support issues with mobile devices. Leads in ticket processes and provides coaching for other technicians when workflow deficiencies are identified. Has deep understanding of defined team metrics, such as backlog, aging, effectiveness; this technician then takes actions based on the current trends in Service. Attends and participates in weekly team syncs by driving actionable discussions. Displays learning agility by actively seeking answers when technically challenged. Seeks feedback from other Help Desk Technicians to optimize and improve support, while also maintaining a solid understanding of general user support needs and requirements. Qualifications As a Remote Help Desk Technician, you are the face of IT. Strong interpersonal communication skills with a high degree of empathy is a must. Complete understanding of Microsoft Outlook™ client (Windows & Mac) and Outlook Web Access, with experience resolving complex problems and assisting users with advanced functionality. Experience in supporting PCs and Windows OS in a commercial or enterprise environment is preferred. Applied experience with Microsoft Exchange™ including a firm understanding of Groups and permissions is key. Comprehensive knowledge of Windows is a plus, in issues ranging from resolving registry conflicts to troubleshooting system crashes and performance issues. Strong knowledge of supporting iOS and Android devices in a commercial or enterprise environment is preferred. Deep understanding of fault domain isolation, and root-cause analysis is essential for success in this role. Working knowledge of Active Directory and basic AD administration is desirable. Proven experience resolving secure network access problems involving but not limited to digital certificate authentication and client remote access services—either using Juniper Networks or Cisco solutions. Working knowledge of video collaboration, including tools like Zoom, BlueJeans Network and WebEx.