Advisory Solution Consultant - Alliances & Channels Locations: Western US (SF Bay Area/Los Angeles/Phoenix/Denver) ServiceNow is changing the way organizations work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We are proud of our culture. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. ServiceNow is seeking a Advisory Solution Consultant aligned to support our Alliance and Channels Partners. In this role you will be expected to act as a mentor to other team members, may assume leadership responsibilities, have significant depth of experience in particular functional areas, and establish relationships with Product Management and Development. The focus areas for this role supporting the partners are: Technical Strategy – Align NOW Technology to partner business strategy Solution Development – Drive partner’s building on the NOW platform Capacity Development – Support programmatic partner development As an Advisory Solution Consultant, you will: Take a lead role in delivering and managing the technical enablement and pre-sales services for our Alliance and Channels Partners and their end customers Evangelize the ‘Service Management ‘message to our partners and clients while conceptualizing, creating and promoting ‘Outside the IT’ offerings Create long term enduring relationships with the senior partners and industry segments to understand their go to market strategy and support their client pursuits. Execute a firm wide awareness plan to drive mindshare of ServiceNow within the Partner Communities Identify/collaborate on business development opportunities for market differentiated offerings based on the ServiceNow platform Promote ServiceNow training tools, sales tools and content, and information resources available to our Partner organizations, including on-going updates of platform/application advancements. Provide oversight on, and ensure successful completion of Partner initiatives and any necessary RFx assistance. Provide mentoring and training to peers and other colleagues within our organization. Collaborate, actively share knowledge, and promote best known methods amongst other ServiceNow Solution Consulting team members Travel for Partner, Customer, and Organizational activities QUALIFICATIONS Working knowledge of modern web technologies and cloud computing Excellent understanding of the architectural principles for cloud based platforms that include SaaS, PaaS, multi-tenancy, and automation Intrinsically curious and passionate about researching current and emerging technologies and developing innovative solutions Talented at explaining complex topics clearly and concisely, and effective at providing practical guidance Experience working with Alliance and Channel Partners in both “Sell To” and “Sell Through” opportunities Previous consulting experience - preferably with a recognized Tier 1 consulting organization Significant technical pre-sales experience Superb problem solving skills and logical thinking ability Superior verbal and written communication skills, including facilitation skills Undergraduate degree in Commerce, Computer Science, Engineering etc. Must be experienced in business development Experience that will help you stand out: Experience developing on competitive platforms ServiceNow platform development experience ServiceNow certifications We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.