At Presidio, we think, architect, implement and support the practical reality of IT every day. We bring together the best minds in the industry to deliver IT excellence and support the answers to our clients’ IT challenges. As one of the largest IT-as-a-Service solution providers in the U.S., we combine experience and stability with regional expertise and the unique ability to cover local and global business needs. For more information about Presidio visit our website at www.presidio.com or follow us on Twitter @Presidio. As an Enterprise Architect and a member of the Pre Sales Engineering Team, the candidate will be responsible for meeting with Presidio's Commercial, SLED, and Enterprise customers, collecting requirements for infrastructure solutions and developing engineering solutions for sale to Presidio customers. A successful Enterprise Architect (EA) should be able to present and explain various technologies including networking, collaboration and data center to customers, guide them through requirements gathering, and formulate a solution consisting of hardware, software, licensing, and engineering services. EAs are responsible for creating scope of work and task lists for various types of projects in support of these solutions. Candidates will need to demonstrate a high level of design experience, be highly motivated about learning new products and technologies, able to effectively communicate with customers, ensure superior customer service, and maintain a strong customer relationship. Candidates will also need to be able to demonstrate a firm understanding of business level requirements and how underlying technologies help deliver on those requirements. Implementation experience with the various products and technologies is a plus. Responsibilities: Meet with Presidio’s customers, collecting requirements for infrastructure solutions relating to security and networking Present and explain technologies to customers, guide them through requirements gathering and formulate a solution consisting of hardware, software, licensing, and engineering services Develop technical solutions for sale to Presidio customers. Work with Account Manager/Sales Team to develop customer relationships and solutions to assist in the sales process Create high level solutions designs/architecture and present to customers Creative Customer facing Presentations Create Bill of Materials & Configurations for solutions Build Scope of Services, Task Lists and Professional Service Pricing Write Statements of Works Required Skills: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and/or military experience Demonstrated passion for technology, solution design, and self-study Comfort with leading group presentations, solution demonstrations, and whiteboard sessions Strong sales acumen, technical expertise, communication and documentation skills Solid verbal and written communication skills, organizational skills, and attention to detail Minimum 6 to 10 years of relevant experience CCNP or CCIE preferred Additional certifications (NetApp, EMC, VMware, etc.) preferred Must have demonstrable design experience in deployment, administration, configuration, or integration, being an advantage. Experience working as a consultant with multiple manufacturer partners is desirable. Proven experience in building enterprise-class solutions for large-scale global customers. Be able to design complete solutions using multiple technologies Experience and familiarity with Cloud services, providers, products Virtualization concepts, business benefits, ROI models Knowledge of Server and Storage Virtualization technology is required. Experience with data backup and business continuance and disaster recovery solutions desired. Candidate should have strong written and oral communication skills. Candidate should be a team player with demonstrated ability to work without guidance. Effective interpersonal and active listening skills. Strong time management to effectively and efficiently manage one's own time. Ability to apply solutions, technology and products to a business opportunity. LI-JM1 CB_JM Presidio, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/ VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, please visit: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance. Presidio, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services; please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Presidio has a strict PSL in place and will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through the Presidio portal. Candidate Resumes/CV's not submitted through the Presidio portal or submitted directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and will be treated as gifts and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation.