All positions in the Quality Improvement team at Blue Shield of California support our mission: to ensure all Californians have access to high-quality health care at an affordable price. The _Senior Manager of Quality Improvement_ is responsible for the strategic direction and oversight of clinical quality improvements as well as a subset of statewide member outreach and provider incentive programs. In a results-oriented, environment the Senior Manager is accountable for developing, implementing and monitoring a data-driven quality improvement strategy in partnership with medical groups, hospitals and individual practitioners / providers located in California. Senior Managers are expected to drive system-wide improvements that impact member care and simplify processes. The Senior Manager is accountable for setting regional quality priorities and will draw upon cross-functional teams within Blue Shield of California to achieve results. The individual in this role must be able to work within large, multi-disciplinary teams to set and monitor milestones and deliverables. The Senior Manager is expected to partner effectively with internal teams and provider organizations to identify improvement opportunities, as well as to define specific goals and action plans with direct reports. Additionally, the Senior Manager must be able to develop strong, collaborative relationships with statewide regulatory and community based organizations. In collaboration with the Director of Quality Improvement, the Senior Manager leads Blue Shield of California’s efforts to improve HEDIS and CAHPS performance, and to monitor and improve emerging quality and patient satisfaction metrics. This individual enables the financial success of Blue Shield of California by managing internal and external budgets, vendor contracts and field initiatives, with the goal of ensuring appropriate, sustainable funding and monitoring expenses. Throughout the year, the Senior Manager is expected to assess results, dependencies, and barriers to execution. The position reports to the Director of Quality Improvement. Scope and Responsibilities : _Strategy:_ In collaboration with the Director of Quality Improvement, the Senior Director of Quality Management, and internal teams, the Senior Manager creates an all encompassing, data driven improvement strategy for BSC’s Northern California provider network. This includes comprehensive analysis of HEDIS, CAHPS, pharmacy and other applicable measures. The Senior Manager is accountable for monitoring business line strategy, team goals, and ensuring strategic alignment to BSC corporate goals. _Regulatory:_ Works with senior management to ensure ongoing full compliance with formal quality improvement workplans and regulatory standards. Fulfills NCQA requirements related to quality improvement. Identifies and recommends corrective action on clinical and service quality issues to enhance compliance and overall plan performance in Quality. Creates a measure-by-measure plan for improvement in accreditation ratings. _Analysis:_ Directs analysts in measurement and tracking of program effectiveness In partnership with the quality measurement and quality assurance teams, provides quantitative and qualitative insights to long-term strategy strategies Provides recommendations using critical thinking and sound judgment. _Quality Improvement:_ Plans, executes and evaluates complex programs and improvement initiatives using quality Improvement methodologies, tools and approaches. Plans and supports year-round member outreach and provider incentive activities in support of HEDIS and CAHPS improvements. _Internal and external partnership:_ Builds trusting relationships to enable the delivery of services Works with external organizations such as the Integrated Healthcare Association, the Institute for Healthcare Improvement and the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. _Independence_ : Executes complex assignments where individual judgment is required in to resolve problems and make strategic recommendations. Exercise independent judgment when developing budgets, workplans and communications Demonstrates sense of urgency, initiative, responsiveness Performs other duties as assigned by management Supervisory Responsibilities: Accountable for building a high performing team within the Quality department, including recruiting, hiring and performance management of direct reports. Effectively leads and manages a team to execute on strategic improvement plans. This includes managing RFPs, vendor contracts and work products, and collaborating with providers in the community. Ensures team can establish and meet deadlines Ensures team members have the skill sets to provide high quality, cost effective work products and is focused on individual team member development Demonstrates thought leadership and leads by example, Summarizes complex information succinctly; effectively communicates with senior executives Qualifications Requires practical knowledge in leading and managing the execution of processes, projects and tactics within an area. Has advanced knowledge and skills including technical or functional expertise, business acumen, financial analysis skills, risk management, delegation skills, critical thinking and decision-making skills. In-depth knowledge of Blue Shield of California's mission, vision and strategy and healthcare industry environment. Typically, requires a college degree or equivalent experience and minimum 10-year prior relevant experience, including 4 years of management experience. Physical Requirements Office Environment - roles involving part to full time schedule in Office Environment. Based in our physical offices and work from home office/deskwork – Activity level: Sedentary, frequency most of work day. Please click here for further physical requirement detail.