Job Summary: Are you looking for a career and not just a job? Want to work at a fast growing company that embraces technology and will keep you challenged with systems and network applications to support their rapid growth? This position requires a creative self-starter with the ability work independently as well as a member of a team, with sound written and verbal communication skills and a solid foundation of technology experience. The IT Team is responsible for management of the company's technology needs, which include local user and desktop support, on premise network support, and some server level support. The person in this role will be responsible for company IT maintenance, support, and new technology implementation The ideal candidate is one who has completed college level schooling in technology with a bachelor degree preferred, and has relevant work experience. A minimum of 3+ years of IT Support/Help Desk experience and team lead experience is needed. Also must have strong attention to detail, ability to multi-task, and work at a fast pace. Job Responsibilities: You'll enjoy variety in several areas of responsibility, including: New hire setup which includes working in Microsoft Server to create new users, setting up new user in our VOIP phone system, setting up new computers, installing all relevant programs. Perform client/user support for the company and for individual users as they encounter problems including: hardware services, software installations; updates; troubleshooting, networking support, phone system support, contacting our vendors, from internet providers to printer service technicians. Work with our Tier I server and network team to troubleshoot network issues as they arise, and implement new server needs. Provide user training on technology and new technology implementation, (i.e. phone headsets, researching different Document Management Systems, planning and executing site-wide installation of the new programs) Learn and become responsible for Management for all user accounts (i.e. activate/deactivate all employees and manage their systems) and all client management (i.e. negotiate service accounts, such as internet providers to ensure our organization is getting the right product or service at the most effective cost) Maintain current IT equipment running through software updates, stocking of printer paper and toner, ordering of supplies and inventory management on current stock. Drive quality of system performance and support, and lead enhancement projects such as new CRM implementation. Full time employees with Community Tax, LLC enjoy: Competitive compensation High energy, fast pace work environment Promotions from within Comprehensive Benefit program including: Major Medical Dental Vision COMPANY PAID Life and long and short term disability insurance Commuter Benefits Accident and Critical Illness insurance 401(k) with company match