To receive first consideration for the screening process, the Human Resources Department must receive completed resume packets no later than 4:00 p.m., August 31, 2018. Resume Packets must include a "Letter of Interest and Intent" and a detailed resume. Applicants may submit resume packets using the "Apply Now" feature from the job announcement on www.santaclaraca.gov or submit hard copies to the City of Santa Clara Human Resources Department,1500 Warburton Ave., Santa Clara, CA 95050 The Management Analyst annual salary is $103,572.00 with the potential to go up to $134,040.00. The City offers a number of benefits to management employees, including: CalPERS Retirement Plan/Social Security: California Public Employees' Retirement System integrated with Social Security. CalPERS 8% employee contribution. Social Security, FICA employee contribution: 7.65% of earnings (6.2% Social Security + 1.45% Medicare). CalPERS Pension: 2.7% @ 55 for Classic Employees (no EPMC), 2% @ 62 for new CalPERS employees. For a complete list of benefits, please visit www.santaclaraca.gov. This is a rewarding and challenging position within the Budget Division of the Finance Department. Under the direction of the Assistant Finance Director, this position is responsible for a variety of financial analysis, budgeting, and fiscal forecasting. The ideal candidate must have the ability to work in a demanding and fast-paced environment with minimal supervision and possess a high level of professionalism, excellent communication skills, and a strong work ethic. The Management Analyst will be responsible for budget development, including budget preparation, projection, and analysis related to production of the City's Annual Operating Budget, Capital Improvement Program (CIP) Budget, and Long-Range Financial Forecast. Experience working for a government agency using budget and financial systems and performing financial analysis is preferred. This position may be required to supervise or act as a lead worker to staff involved in the budget production process. As a member of the City's unclassified service, this is an "at-will" position. The incumbent serves at the discretion of the City Manager. An incumbent in this classification: demonstrates strong ethical, professional, and service- oriented leadership and interpersonal skills; sets a good example; and correctly applies the tenets of the City's Code of Ethics and Values. Typical Duties: Specific job duties of this position may vary widely depending on the departmental location of the position. Duties may include, but are not limited to the following. With general direction: Perform management and operation reviews of organizations, both public, private and non-profit, departments, programs, functions, and systems; Review and analyze policies and procedures to determine efficiency and effectiveness, both financially and operationally; Collaboratively work with representatives of other departments or organizations in conducting studies and be able to apply comparative and best practices data to benchmark activities; Conduct statistical analyses and apply information technology applications, spreadsheets and databases, to analyze and evaluate data; Propose reasonable conclusions, effective solutions and potential options; Recommend modifications to existing policy, procedures and/or processes; Write complete, concise reports designed to effect improvements and/or implement solutions; Present report contents and provides constructive feedback to departments, organizations, functions impacted by the report; Investigate, research and respond to assigned complaints, issues or concerns raised by the public or employees, and propose responses and/or resolutions for review and acceptance by City Manager or senior management; Perform monitoring, review and analysis of procedures, plans, processes, guidelines, and instructions to ensure compliance with departmental policies; Establish, coordinate and monitor the administration of and follow-up on training opportunities, both in-house and external, contractor agreements and equipment and real property leases; Serve as staff liaison, as assigned, to City Commissions and/or committees; Maintain, as directed, relations with governmental jurisdictions, organizations, associations and other external groups, making personal appearances as necessary; Coordinate the review and analysis of State and Federal legislation; Assist in the preparation, submittal and administration of the annual department budget; Organize, coordinate and supervise, as assigned, special City wide events and the City wide volunteer program; Supervise or act as lead employee to staff involved in any of the assignments; and Perform other work as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelor's degree in Public Administration, Business Administration or closely related field; and One year of responsible professional journey-level experience in public administration which may include systems and procedures, budget, fiscal program and project coordination, or human resources programs. Desirable Qualifications: A Master's degree in Public or Business Administration or closely related field is desirable. LICENSE Possession of an appropriate, valid California Class C driver's license is required at time of appointment and for duration of employment. OTHER REQUIREMENTS Must be able to perform all of the essential functions of the job assignment. CONFLICT OF INTEREST Incumbents in this position are required to file a Conflict of Interest statement upon assuming office, annually, and upon leaving office, in accordance with City Manager Directive 100. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of: Area of assignment; Major principles, practices, methods and techniques of administration relating to at least one of the following: general management, budgeting, human resources, or financial; Principles and techniques of narrative report writing; Analysis of statistical data; Project and workload planning; and Environmental and office safety practices, procedures and standards, e.g. OSHA, Federal, State and local rules and regulations. Ability to: Organize, analyze and evaluate tangible and intangible data soundly and impersonally; Make recommendations on difficult issues; Conduct independent, original research based on sound analysis and leading to appropriate recommendations to resolve specific issues, complaints or problems involving individuals or organizational units; Present statistical and narrative reports or correspondence including recommendations clearly, concisely, logically, accurately and convincingly in oral and written form; Speak effectively before groups; Establish and maintain tactful and constructive relationships by collaborating with City employees including elected and senior officials and managers, the general public, and other governmental representatives; Work effectively and coordinate multiple projects and complex tasks simultaneously in time-sensitive situations and meet deadlines; Understand, interpret, and apply rules, standards, or procedures and persuade others to accept or adopt recommendations; Formulate reasonable and effective conclusions; Conduct thorough investigations, determine methodologies and obtain basic data necessary to evaluate solutions to complex problems and issues with multiple variables; Train, supervise, or evaluate assigned staff and their work; and Walk or stand for extended periods of time and bend, stoop, crawl, climb, and lift as necessary to perform assigned duties.