Since 1924, Waukesha-Pearce Industries, Inc. (WPI) has been dedicated to providing leading equipment options that meet the most demanding applications in power generation, small engines, earthmoving, recycling, mining, and gas compression equipment. With a territory covering 30 states, WPI is strategically located in high-production regions throughout the U.S. Our expert personnel are trained in technical sales, service, and engineering. Working in partnership with some of the most recognized names in the industry, WPI offers the knowledge, reliability, and experience to help you maximize your uptime and opportunities now and in the future. WPI offers only the highest quality construction and mining products such as crawler dozers, compactors, excavators, loaders and more from these world-class equipment brands: Komatsu, Bomag, Sennebogen, Gradall, Takeuchi, Doppstadt, NPK, LaBounty and Vacall. Our greatest strength as a company are our people. Our success depends on the technical expertise of our salespeople, the knowledge of our parts people, the skill of our service technicians and the professionalism of all WPI staff. We are committed to hiring top quality people in every position in our company. Our success depends on our employees, and how well they serve our customers. Job purpose Answer all incoming calls in a courteous and professional manner. Route calls to appropriate area or personnel in a timely manner. Greet visitors, customers and vendors, and announce their arrival to the appropriate personnel or provide direction. Provide administrative support to various departments for work overflow. Duties and responsibilities Operate multi-line company switchboard Answer and route all incoming calls Welcome and greet all visitors, customers and vendors Follow all security protocols by monitoring visitor logbook Maintain company directory list Attend HR Department meetings as required Assist with other general administrative duties, including invoices, data entry, filing, VOEs, etc. Maintain confidentiality and integrity of confidential information Perform other duties as assigned Qualifications At least 1 year of experience as a receptionist or office manager High School Diploma or equivalent Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Must have intermediate computer skills in Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel Professional telephone skills Great customer service skills Organizational skills, with ability to multi-task Excellent verbal and written communication Must be punctual, with solid time-management skills Must maintain a professional appearance WPI is an EEO/AA (equal opportunity/affirmative action) institution and does not discriminate on the basis of sex, age, race, color, religion, physical or mental disability, creed, national origin, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, or gender expression in the programs or activities which it operates. En Espanol WPI es una institució n EEO/AA (igualdad de oportunidad/acció n afirmativa) y no discrimina en base al sexo, edad, raza, color, religión, discapacidad física o mental, credo, origen nacional, estatus veterano, orientació n sexual, infomació n genética, identidad de género, o expresió n de género en los programas o actividades los cuales opera.