Job Details Description Founded in 1995, National Products, Inc. began supplying the world with our industry leading RAM Mounting Systems. Relied on by the world’s most rugged industries, we serve motorcycle riders, kayak fishermen, police and fire, farmers, miners, pilots, extreme sports enthusiasts and many others with mounting solutions for high vibration environments. We manufacture mounts for action cameras, tablets, smartphones, laptops, and many different displays across nearly every mobile market. Made in the USA, we are proud to offer a lifetime warranty on most products. Job Summary The Die Cast Production Manager is responsible for general management/supervision of all phases of the Die Cast department including daily production, scheduling, training, and quality control. Works closely with the Die Cast leads to increase productivity and efficiency. This person must have at least 5+ years of experience in management and manufacturing production. Responsibilities include but are not limited to setting quality standards, ensuring standards are met, training and communicating policies and procedures, auditing and analyzing processes, measuring production, and reporting results. Develops and maintains strong working relationships by working closely with employees, supervisors and other departments. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Provides leadership for successful day-to-day production. Schedules and reviews production schedules. Coordinates and updates production status with other departments. Maintains a safe and clean work environment in compliance with safety standards. Provides coaching and guidance to Die Cast employees. Maintains training and support for machine operators and drillers/grinders. Analyzes workforce requirements. Demonstrates strong managerial/leadership skills. Operates machinery efficiently and effectively to make good parts. Qualifications Requirements Computer skills including the ability to prepare spreadsheets and use Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel) to analyze data and trends. Experience in the use of MRP and ERP systems preferred. Strong communicator; ability to interact with upper management. Excellent planning and organizational skills. Ability to work in a fast paced, flexible environment. Education/Experience 5+ years of experience in management and manufacturing production. High School diploma required; college or trade schooling preferred. Work Environment and Physical Demands Warehouse environment. Moderate noise level and temperature. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. The Die Cast Production Manager position is full time and located in our South Seattle warehouse. Full time benefits include medical/dental/vision insurance coverage for employees, PTO, paid holidays, 401k. National Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer.