Cushman & Wakefield is seeking a motivated, performance-driven Communications/PR and Content Specialist to join our team. In this role, you are responsible for the development and execution of communication strategy that addresses a variety of needs, including external/internal communications, public relations, social media, local articles, blogs, newsletters and other content related collateral, as needed. In this role, you will help develop our thought leadership efforts as well as assist in implementing our content strategy / storytelling agenda for various communication channels. In order to succeed you will be required to gain deep understanding of our services and solution requirements, as well as industry best practices. Job Description Responsibilities Assist in creating and drafting external communications; identify if additional local or region communications are required Ensure consistency, quality, and usage of best practices in all communication Coordinate Public Relations and assist in developing content needed to support PR plan Boost company’s brand awareness, engagement, and thought leadership with the usage of various social media platforms Write news and feature articles for the intranet and select national and trade publications Identify and build strategic relationships for the company with national, local, and trade media Update media list (e.g., national, local, trade, and bloggers), news release pipeline, and distribution calendar Create original narrative content for a broad audience based on complex research data and present information in a clear and compelling manner Dedication to learning and understanding the commercial real estate services industry, and should proactively engage with internal stakeholders to stay abreast of newsworthy activity that can be promoted through PR, social media and internal communications channels Assist with internal communications as needed Collaborate with other marketing disciplines on multi-faceted campaigns Write guest blog posts and magazine articles on behalf of company executives Participate as a key member of the Americas communication team Requirements Bachelor’s degree in journalism, marketing, English, communications, or relevant field of study. 3-5 years of marketing and communications experience Superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills. Strong portfolio of published or professional samples in a variety of marketing communications and channels Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.