Job Description Ford was built on the belief that freedom of movement drives human progress. As we look to the future and the changing needs of society, we are committed to becoming the world’s most trusted mobility company – delivering smart vehicles for a smart world. Our people and their experiences are critical to making that happen. And that’s where we come in. We drive the human side of Ford – fostering a winning culture that empowers people from diverse backgrounds to work together and realize the otherwise impossible. In partnership with leaders, we enable our teams, partners, and businesses to contribute their best, shape tomorrow, and satisfy their passion to win. We create value through people by being change leaders, talent strategists, employee advocates, and culture architects. Simply put, we are trusted partners – experts in all things people. Position Duties Develop and drive strategic talent acquisition plan for Autonomous Vehicles team Gather external / internal talent trend data to drive talent acquisition decisions Support hiring forecasts through data analysis Drive short-term tactical workforce planning Lead implementation of the annual recruiting cycle plan; collaborate with recruiting teams Assist with managing requisitions (Direct Hires, Interns, FCG’s and Co-ops) Partner with third party recruiting organization (RSR) to manage all aspects of the hiring process Monitor hiring process metrics to ensure on target delivery and generate in-process metric reports Partner with HRBO, Operations, and RSR to facilitate the onboarding of interns, co-ops and FCG’s Drive the strategic direction of the intern, co-op and FCG programs Plan and facilitate lead recruiter / recruiting governance meetings Lead various recruiting projects as needed Collaborate with operations to determine direct hire staffing needs Assist with monitoring and tracking requisition time to fill Coordinate sourcing and hiring activities for hiring managers Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree 3+ years of Recruiting and/or Project Management experience 1+ year of experience using Microsoft Excel and Power Point Preferred Qualifications: Change management and Project management skills Strong facilitation skills Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with HR colleagues/leaders and operating partners Desire to learn – OD mindset Ability to analyze data and develop effective recommendations Create and deliver effective presentations Effective oral and written communication skills Ability to work independently; self-starter Ability to conduct crucial conversations; win-win solutions Problem-solving skills Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.