Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need Quicken Loans is looking for a Software Engineer to join our team of more than 1600 technology professionals. Quicken Loans was named the 1 best place to work in Technology for the fourth consecutive year in a row. Our unique culture is filled with fun and challenging events including hackathons and innovation challenges. Here you will get to work with some of the brightest minds in the industry, be challenged to solve the right problem with the right tool, and follow your passions. Making everything radically simple, through engineering. Responsibilities Solve problems by crafting software solutions using maintainable and modular code that you would be proud to show to colleagues (which you will for code reviews). We want to hire engineers, not language specialists. Therefore, we’re more focused on where you stand on programming fundamentals, including common data types, design patterns, and data structures; object-oriented design principals; experience with unit testing; modern version control flows; functional programming; and comfort level on the command line. Participate in daily team standup meetings where you’ll give and receive updates on the current backlog and challenges. Participate in code reviews. Write unit, functional, acceptance, and/or user tests. Challenge your fellow team members to grow and enhance our team with new, diverse talent Requirements Bachelors degree or equivalent experience, development experience, which may include PHP, Python, Ruby, C, Java, .Net, NodeJS, Javascript, Progress, Erlang/Elixir, etc. Focused on where you stand on programming fundamentals, including common data types, design patterns, and data structures; object-oriented design principals; experience with unit testing; modern version control flows; functional programming; and comfort level on the command line. A willingness to learn new languages and technologies. Bring the fundamentals and we’ll train you on the right tool for the job. What’ll Make You Special Experience with REST Involvement with cloud applications, specifically those build on AWS or Azure Experience working with containers Portfolio and code samples you can share A time machine that can remove technical debt before it happens. What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision, and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions _together_ and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Quicken_ _Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures experiences and perceptions of consumers who originated a new mortgage, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2016 Servicing based on 7,542 total responses and measures experiences and perceptions of consumers with their current mortgage servicer, surveyed in March – April 2016. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._