We are looking for a Front-End Web Developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. Responsibilities will include translation of the UI/UX design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application. You will work with the UI/UX designer and bridge the gap between graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works. General Responsibilities: Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders What you’ll need to succeed: Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Excellent JavaScript skills, both on the client and server side. Experience with ReactJS and Node.js . Adaptability: fast to produce results, perfectionist when it comes to end product, thinker and ability to design lasting solutions Passion for writing clean, maintainable and testable code Ability to translate a PSD file to HTML5/CSS markup Experience with ES6 or CoffeeScript Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Familiarity with tools such as as Gimp or Photoshop is a plus. Master of Git, GitHub and Gitflow. Should have an account on GitHub with compelling code Experience with cloud computing providers such as Amazon Web Services will be a plus Deep understanding of development tool chains, including Npm, Gulp and Webpack. Must possess significant experience interacting with, designing and implementing RESTful APIs Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Familiarity with Ethereum and distributed ledger technologies would be beneficial Comprehensive Benefits