Are you an entry level Accounting and/or Finance professional? This opportunity will help any entry level Accountant gain the experience necessary to grow in their field. Come join us! About the Role How you will contribute Invoice customers per contractual requirements Audit third party service provider invoices per contractual requirements Process third party service provider invoice payments Create and/or maintain Excel spreadsheets as required Assist with audits including pulling records and compiling requested data Assist Manager with testing new and/or revised system configuration Interface with multiple business systems including AMS, LBS, MercuryGate and SAP Accounts Payable processing in Axional – match invoices to inventory receipts, communicate with MX buyers & vendors (foreign & domestic) to resolve discrepancies Review vendor aging statements and respond to vendor inquiries to ensure timely resolution of discrepancies Identify opportunities to improve efficiencies and reduce costs Other administrative duties as assigned $16.83-21.63/hr. Your Key Qualifications Customer invoicing & Accounts Payable experience Auditing Experience - comfort reviewing and understanding contracts Strong interpersonal communication and leadership skills Intermediate Microsoft office , excel skills Extensive data entry experience; accuracy required Strong organizational and prioritization skills Self-motivated with initiative to complete assignments with minimal supervision Ability to multi-task and meet deadlines in fast-paced, ever-changing environment HS Diploma or relevant experience Compensation syncreon offers exciting and challenging roles within a growing international organization. We strive to hire and develop the right people, locally and globally; stimulating personal growth and self-development within an informal atmosphere. We offer a market competitive compensation package. About syncreon syncreon delivers tailored, progressive and scalable solutions to premier global automotive and technology brands, such as Jaguar Land Rover, Harley Davidson, BMW, Dell, Xerox and Canon. We supply 3PL and 4PL solutions that adapt as quickly as industry and the marketplace evolve. For over 60 years syncreon has provided unique and innovative expertise in: contract logistics, warehousing management, inbound to manufacturing, reverse and repair, export packing, aftermarket services, fulfilment services and transport. Today we have 14,000+ employees working in 100+ locations worldwide who enjoy our supportive culture, dedication to work-life balance, people development and superb career opportunities. For more information, visit www.syncreon.com Note Candidates chosen to move forward within the Recruitment Process, may be required to undergo an assessment and/or submit further background information. Any offers of employment may be conditional on completion of required checks and provision of relevant documentation, in accordance with the applicable local legislation.