Leverage your customer service and sales skills to make a difference in the community! The Membership Manager leads Arizona Science Center’s efforts to acquire, serve and retain our very valuable Members. A creative and strategic leader, he/she will develop new benefits and programs which increase the perceived value of our membership and make our Members feel like VIPs. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Arizona Science Center maintains a strong policy of equal employment opportunity for all Employees and applicants. We recruit, hire, train, promote, compensate and dismiss Employees on the basis of such factors as experience, character, ability and skill, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or heritage, age, marital or veteran status, disability, citizenship, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. ACCOMMODATIONS Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Develops strategies, plans, policies, and standards for the Arizona Science Center Membership program. Creates and tests new benefits and programs to enhance the perceived value of membership and make Members feel like VIPs. Provides sales-focused customer service on-site, over the phone and via digital communications to acquire, upgrade and renew annual individual and family memberships. Directs sales activities, reporting, acknowledgments and fulfillment of member benefits and events. Partners with Guest Sales and Services Manager and Assistant Manager to lead the Guest Sales and Services (GSS) department. Plays a critical role in helping create a positive, inspiring culture that makes Arizona Science Center one of the best place to work in Phoenix. Coaches and manages a team of Guest Sales and Service and Membership-specific associates. Models outstanding customer service and sales skills. Conducts role plays and other on-going training to ensure the team is adept at serving members and selling memberships. Help cross-train associates in GSS to that they may fill in for multiple roles, including Membership, ticket sales, Information Desk or Concessions. Works in partnership with Marketing to develop, execute and evaluate sales and marketing/promotional strategies across multiple channels (email, social, web, direct mail, etc.) Partners with analytics to ensure our Member database is well-maintained and that we optimize its use to drive data-driven marketing. Ensure frontline Guest Sales and Services, Blue Crew (guest interpreters) and Science Center management are informed about upcoming member previews, events, and other added-value activities. Performs other duties as assigned.