Under the general direction of the department head or designee, performs a variety of coordinated and fairly specialized tasks to provide logistic support to office, business or administrative operations by exercising advanced skills, selecting appropriate combination of methods from a wide variety of procedures, making simple adaptations and interpretations of a limited number of substantive guides and manuals, working closely with supervisors to formulate effective and efficient responses to minor problems. May act in the capacity of "lead worker" or resource person by demonstrating proficiency in the proper use of equipment and execution of new work methods and procedures. Assumes responsibility for following-up in an effective manner on unresolved business within the purview of the clerical services. Performs other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications High School Diploma or General Education Development Test (G.E.D.) Certificate is required. (Must provide proof at time of interview) One (1) year full-time work experience in a clerical or secretarial position is required. Possession of a valid Driver's License is required. (Must provide proof at time of interview) NoteT he successful candidate will be required to frequently travel and make deliveries between locations. Three (3) years full-time work experience in a clerical or secretarial position is preferred. Degrees awarded outside of the United States with the exception of those awarded in one of the United States’ territories and Canada must be credentialed by an approved U.S. credential evaluation service belonging to the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators (AICE). Original credentialing documents must be presented at time of interview. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Characteristics Skill and proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to apply basic mathematic skills to office bookkeeping and perform calculations, such as figuring totals, percentages and extensions. Good attention to multifarious detail, ability to proof, verify and edit complex data, transcribe and cross reference data. Ability to follow-up in a thorough and timely manner relative to unresolved business. Thorough knowledge of correct language usage, punctuation and grammar, and their proper application to business forms, letters and technical records. Knowledge of technical, legal or medical terms and their proper spelling, where applicable. Skill and accuracy in the control, organization and maintenance of files and records according to various methods. Good communication skills; ability to gather information from others and make inquiries; ability to convey information and explain or describe basic office policy and procedure to others in person or by telephone. Skill in exercising sound judgment relative to problem solving and referring problems in the appropriate manner. Skill in the operation of standard office equipment. Ability to understand and carry out instructions, written and verbal and accurately relate such instructions in full or part to others. Ability to multi-task and perform well under pressure, plan and conduct multiple assignments within specified time frame/deadlines; ability to fill in for and perform the duties of lower level clerical staff as needed; ability to relieve higher level clerical or secretarial staff. Ability to travel within Cook County. This position requires various types of physical exertion, including, but not limited to lifting, pulling, pushing, and moving objects of moderate to heavy weight (i.e. file boxes, furniture, etc.). Physical Requirements Heavy Work Heavy Work involves exerting 50 to 100 pounds of force occasionally, or 25 to 50 pounds of force frequently, or 10 to 20 pounds of force constantly to lift, carry, push, pull, or otherwise move objects. The duties listed are not set forth for purposes of limiting the assignment of work. They are not to be construed as a complete list of the many duties normally to be performed under a job title or those to be performed temporarily outside an employee's normal line of work. VETERAN’S PREFERENCE When applying for employment with Cook County Government, preference is given in the application process to honorably discharged Veterans who have served in the Armed Forces of the United States for more than 180 consecutive days, or during War Time. To take advantage of this preference a Veteran must: MEET THE MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE POSITION. IDENTIFY THEMSELVES AS A VETERAN ON THEIR EMPLOYMENT APPLICATION BY ANSWERING YES TO THE QUESTION “Are you a military veteran?” ATTACH A COPY OF THEIR DD 214, DD215 or NGB 22 _(NOTICE OF SEPARATION)_ AT TIME OF APPLICATION FILING. IF YOU HAVE MULTIPLE DD 214S, 215S, OR NGB 22S, PLEASE SUBMIT THE ONE WITH THE LATEST DATE. COAST GUARD MUST SUBMIT A CERTIFIED COPY OF THE MILITARY SEPARATION FROM EITHER THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (BEFORE 911) OR THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY (AFTER 911). VETERAN MUST PROVIDE ORIGINAL APPLICABLE DISCHARGE PAPERS AT TIME OF INTERVIEW. NOTE: As an internal candidate, should you be offered the position, salary allocations shall abide by the Cook County Personnel Rules. COOK COUNTY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER