Trainer 2-180026342 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Facilitates the delivery of training/learning solutions at U.S. Bank. Delivers new hire on-boarding/new hire orientation, Knowledge, Skill and Ability training, and/or other required training using a variety of techniques including classroom training, online training, and other technologies. Supports business line and/or corporate wide training initiatives. May also support the integration of acquisitions through the delivery of conversion training. May identify and assess training needs of clients, recommend improvements to skills training, new hire orientation and training programs, and other business line and/or corporate wide training programs/initiatives. May evaluate the effectiveness of training programs/initiatives and make recommendations for improvements. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience Two to four years of adult learning/training experience Preferred Skills/Experience Ability to manage participants in the classroom by addressing performance issues effectively and bringing problems to resolution Basic knowledge of training activities and alternatives to lecture, strategies for different learning needs, effective questioning techniques and session reviews/debriefs Thorough knowledge of a wide variety of training techniques and technologies Ability to effectively present and facilitate including the use of audio visuals, online, and other technologies Ability to tailor communications to effectively reach varied audiences Proficient in facilitating assigned training curriculum Demonstrated expertise in content of assigned training curriculum Understands the business line(s) and performance expectations for all jobs functions that the Trainer supports Job Training Primary Location Texas-TX-Irving Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40