Requisition ID: 12070 Want to work with some of the most talented, dedicated people on the planet? Do you value relationships, commitment, innovation and integrity? Want to be a part of a company that has been named numerous times as America’s Best Employer in Aerospace and Defense by Forbes magazine? Then Rockwell Collins is the place for you. Join our team and build a rewarding career while helping to deliver the most trusted source of aviation and high-integrity solutions in the world. We are currently searching for a Lab Systems Administrator to join our team in Carrollton, TX (IMS INC) (5070). Employing some of the most talented, dedicated people on the planet is not by chance. People from all over the globe choose Rockwell Collins as the place to build a rewarding career, while helping create and deliver communications, integration, and engineering solutions that our global customers demand so that our world keeps moving and stays connected. It’s an exciting time to become a part of our team. Join us and discover how high your career can soar at Rockwell Collins. Job Summary The ideal candidate will support our Critical Infrastructure team by managing, administrating, and maintaining a variety of labs in the Carrollton, TX office. Job Responsibilities Administer Carrollton lab systems used for software development support, project support, and training courses. Maintain lab equipment through corrective action, life cycle management, and routine maintenance activities. Manage software licensing required for lab systems, including maintenance and support. Support Critical Infrastructure projects by establishing project environments and supporting project personnel through initial setup and technical issues. Plan and implement lab system upgrades and modifications, including deployment plans for software patches. Plan and implement disaster prevention strategies for assigned lab systems. Develop and communicate required lab systems hardware needs to project teams and management. Deploy regular software builds to lab systems to support software development and quality assurance activities. Deploy and manage required system environments for Critical Infrastructure training courses. Document and maintain lab systems user manuals and administrator manuals. Ensure assigned tasks are completed on schedule and with high customer satisfaction. Establish effective communications and working relationships with team members and with other departments. Acquire knowledge of ARINC Security Systems products and services. Other duties as assigned. Basic Qualifications BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, or other technical area, or in the absence of a degree six years of related experience. Two (2) or more years of experience in system administration, systems integration, or information technology support. Two (2) or more years of experience in supporting or maintaining virtualized support systems, including installation and life cycle management. Experience with the following: VMware VSphere Visual Studio 2015 Oracle (or other relational database) Microsoft operating systems Network Architecture Microsoft Active Directory Desirable experience with the following: Installation and configuration of networking devices Installation and configuration of video surveillance systems Agile software development lifecycle Microsoft Applications (Outlook, Office, Project) Software configuration management Strong organizational skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills are required to interface with internal customers including software engineers, test engineers, trainers, and management. Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional team environment. The desire to learn new technologies and apply those to current and future duties. At Rockwell Collins, we believe a solid work-life balance creates a healthy lifestyle and inspires creativity and innovation. We value our people and invest in their development, growth and success at our company by providing development opportunities through Rockwell Collins University, networking, mentoring, and tuition reimbursement. And that’s just for starters. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Company-paid winter holiday shutdown for most locations Generous 401(k) plan that matches 62.5 percent of the first 8 percent of eligible compensation you contribute (or 5 percent if you save 8 percent) An Incentive Pay Plan based upon company performance Tuition reimbursement And more Interested yet? Apply now and embark on your next worthwhile adventure!