Description: Accudata Systems is looking for a Network Solutions Architect in the Houston area. This is a technical sales support role for our account management team. Your ability to clearly articulate network solutions to our existing customer base and prospects is essential. Your involvement in our opportunities will start with the initial customer meeting and continue through the design phases of the solution. You must be a self-starter, require minimal supervision, and possess strong technical and design skills – including in-depth knowledge of multi-site, mixed technology enterprise environments. This position requires excellent communications skills (written and verbal), as well as the ability to work as part of a team. Skills: Desire to be in a sales-driven, 100% customer-facing role Ability to deliver well-crafted and detailed Statements of Work Ability to deliver accurate Bills of Materials in short timeframes Able to effectively manage your own time and calendar A strong working knowledge of networking (enterprise route/switch and wireless) best practices and concepts is required Must be able to quickly learn several products across a wide range of enterprise and data center networking technologies Strong working knowledge of Cisco solutions is required Strong working knowledge of Cisco Nexus (Spine/Leaf and ACI) is preferred CCNP or CCIE certifications preferred 8+ years of experience in a network or solutions engineering level role that includes route/switch, Cisco wireless and Cisco Nexus Sales Responsibilities: Customer presentations and seminars/conferences Develop high-level designs and architectures – create and document architectures that address client business problems that can be used to ensure a smooth transition from presales to delivery Create Statements of Work Create Bills of Materials Ability to lead evals, demos, or proof-of-concepts for customers Develop/maintain sales solution kits Assist customers with understanding, selecting, and architecting appropriate network and/or security solutions This position will require local travel within the greater Houston area. Occasional overnight trips may be required for training, seminars, or vendor events. Apply for this Position: Houston residents preferred. Accudata offers an excellent performance-based compensation package with outstanding earning potential, a benefits package that includes medical coverage, 401k, and a flexible spending account.