The Outsource Task Processor II will be responsible to process and research tasks (inquiries) initiated by the LERETA Call Center (initiated by a homeowner inquiry), lender, or internal LERETA source with minimal supervision. These tasks will include a wide range of research requests which have predetermined processing steps that require research to determine why the situation exist at this time. Tasks could include; research for missing payments, misapplied payments, payments from escrow, over payments at taxing authorities, verify delinquencies, obtaining current tax amounts and requesting refunds if the task requires with minimal supervision. Have a solid understanding of customer specific business rules. Maneuver though TTS and understand Data History and general workflow. There will be some decision making required to complete these items for penalty determination. They will be required to manage their pipeline and ensure that the lender?s Service Level Agreement is not compromised. They will advise of any unusual circumstances or requirements that could endanger the Service Level Agreement being met or any circumstance that could result in property loss. Tax Procurement and Payment Procures tax amount data from taxing agency jurisdictions. Tax amount data procurement method consists of telephone, e-mail, and fax communication to taxing agency jurisdictions. Interprets tax amount data and statuses per property taxes received from taxing agency jurisdictions and effectively identify tax status for payment processing. Follow agency guidelines and special processing instructions. Build Tax Lines as needed utilizing the TED table. Validate lender payees prior to making disbursements. Complete Tax Processing Reports accurately prior to ELD (excluding Handle Manual if applicable). Complete all required processing on exception reports within SLA. Balance all disbursements prior to end of day and submit all payment back daily. Workflow Management Effectively monitors, reports, and communicates status of work assignments and statistics to Team Lead/Supervisor while identifying any opportunity to increase efficiency processing research task. Accurately prepares production/statistical reports to mortgage lenders and direct supervisors. Ensure no items go out of standard or miss any SLA?s. Customer Service Responds to mortgage lenders and taxing agency jurisdictions by utilizing effective verbal and written communication in a prompt and accurate manner. Ability to notify business partners of reporting errors in a clear concise manner. Maintain a positive working relationship with both internal and external business partners. Quality Control Applies and supports the implementation of new or modified policy and procedures as instructed to ensure Task Research Team standards are met. Accurately prepares production/statistical reports as applicable. Consistently maintains required quality scores. This position will perform other duties as assigned based on the needs of the department. High School Diploma or equivalent. Experience in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word. Knowledge of the LERETA online system, Black Knight (MSP) and/or Fiserv Servicing Systems. Data Entry/Computer usage experience. Customer Service Experience.