Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The mission of the Facebook Risk and Payments team is to enable anyone, anywhere to be able to pay and be paid with confidence. This can mean different things across our many payments products - from providing support to advertisers who need help paying their bill, helping charities onboard to receive donations, to identifying and resolving fraudulent transactions. We are looking for a strong individual contributor who can use data to drive insights that will help fuel the success of payments at Facebook. RESPONSIBILITIES Ensure successful implementation of payments and chargebacks vendor solutions and drive projects to completion through effective project management practices. Conduct business reviews, measure vendor performance, and establish plans for continuous improvement. Ensure timely delivery and quality of data from vendors by reviewing key metrics and through identifying opportunities for continuous improvement. Understand the strategies, product roadmaps, and initiatives of key internal stakeholders and provide assistance wherever necessary. Monitor trends and patterns across the payments industry to identify potential risks and emerging technologies to evaluate new potential partners. Maintain the integrity and accuracy of project information to meet team, management and portfolio requirements. Work with a variety of different stakeholders (internal and external) to help gain alignment, synthesize information, and bring information together into a cohesive plan. Work directly with local issuers and payment partners to optimize payment performance and minimize chargebacks. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BS/BA degree in a quantitative discipline such as math, statistics, computer science. 2+ years of relationship or project management experience in the online payments ecosystem including payment processing operations and chargebacks. Organizational and project management experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience manipulating large data sets in SQL or equivalent and drawing actionable insights from data.