Company Overview Apache Corporation is one of the world's leading independent oil and gas producers. The company has a six-decade record of profitable growth, and is differentiated by its 1 position around the world, entrepreneurial culture and deep operational focus. Key Duties/Responsibilities Provides first line of support for BI tools and coordinates with external vendors and internal developers, where necessary, on solutions Creates training materials, and delivers formal and informal training sessions to increase utilization and the value Apache realizes from the use of BI tools. Provides mentoring for users seeking to develop analytics workflows using Apache’s BI tools. Works with a variety of Apache customer groups to identify and implement solutions to problems using Apaches business intelligence (BI) offerings. Works with user community to test new releases of BI tools to insure smooth upgrades. Works with developers to design and test any custom visualizations implemented as part of Apache’s BI offering. Assist in identifying, prioritizing, and maturing prospects for incorporating new data into the Apache Data Warehouse environment. Works with internal customers and database developers to design and test data structures needed to address customer needs. Develops and tests information model components for BI tools. Job Qualifications Experience: 4-year degree or equivalent experience required 2+ years Upstream oil & gas industry experience required, particularly in the areas of Drilling, Completion, and Production Operations 2+ years’ experience with SQL, particularly in an Oracle environment required 2+ years’ experience developing analytics projects in Spotfire required Experience with R, Python and Spark strongly preferred Relational database design experience a plus Qualities: Excellent interpersonal and customer-facing communication skills Ability to interact with a wide range of people Strong mentoring/training skills Excellent analytical problem solving skills Must be a self-starter with ability to follow through on projects assigned Must be willing to travel within the US up to 15% of the time