Position Overview The Library Assistant performs exemplary customer service and clerical library work. This is a Part-Time/Temporary position located at the Goodyear Library, 14455 W. Van Buren St., C-101, Goodyear, AZ 85338. Position Qualifications _Minimum education and/or experience:_ High school diploma or GED and two (2) years' customer service experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered in substitution for the minimum qualifications on a year for year basis. _Knowledge, skills, and abilities:_ Knowledge of: Principles and processes for providing customer and personal services including customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services and evaluation of customer satisfaction. Recognizing, understand implications and devise creative ways to solve a problem. The structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar. Skilled in: Areas of positive attitude, judgment, and a commitment to teamwork, public service. The use of computer applications including spreadsheets, database and word processing software. Proficient typing/keyboarding. Active learning by understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Ability to: Demonstrate customer service skills; professional telephone, online and in-person etiquette; problem solving capabilities. Develop an understanding of and provide information relating to available library services. Use and navigate programs within the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook); Produce professional emails and communications. Provide basic instruction and/or assistance to customers for computer related issues. Utilize or learn a wide variety of technology and library/internet resources, including basic proficiency using smartphones, tablets, databases. Provide basic instruction and/or assistance to customers for such devices/library offerings. Develop displays showcasing library offerings in a manner as to draw customer interest. _Preferred education and/or experience:_ Completed post-secondary education in Library Science, English, Liberal Arts, or closely related field. Experience with library-related automation systems, such as Polaris ILS. Experience with information retrieval from library - related databases. Experience working in a public library. Experience with cash handling. _Preferred training, certifications and/or other special requirements:_ Ability to communicate in Spanish is desirable for some locations. _Working conditions:_ This position works in a library environment. Scheduling is varied, continually dependent on Branch needs, and often requires evening and weekend availability, including availability on short notice. Position may be asked to cover shifts at nearby library branches. Position may be located on a high school campus and involve considerable interaction with student customers. Lifting floor to waist – 20lbs; Lifting waist to shoulder – 5lbs; Lifting shoulder to overhead – 1lb; Carrying a distance of 50ft – 10lbs; Pushing/pulling a distance of 100ft – 50lbs. Essential Job Tasks Assists in the overall operation of the service area . Issues library cards to new customers. Verifies and renews library cards. Informs customers of account status and answer questions as needed. Receives cash and credit card payments for fines and fees; issues appropriate receipts. Processes library materials accurately. Prepares daily cash summary and balance cash drawer. Assists with programs as needed. Updates study room assignments and maintain library program registration. Collects statistics. Performs light cleaning duties, such as dusting, straightening, bathroom tidying. Assists with training new staff and volunteers. Performs opening/closing duties as assigned. Performs basic bibliographic searches utilizing the library automation system. Answers basic reference questions and/or directional questions from customers. Resolves customer concerns by phone, in person, or by e-mail/online. Refers customer concerns to the appropriate staff member or supervisor as necessary. Assists with maintenance of the Library's collection of materials. Initiates search for materials claimed "returned." Identifies damaged materials and follows appropriate action. Routes materials to proper branch locations. Inspects condition of library materials for cleaning or withdrawal. Assesses fees as appropriate, using Polaris record sets as needed. Receives, processes, sorts and prepares materials for shelving. Assists in weeding and withdrawing items. Changes materials from new and express to regular collections. Performs shelf reading, shifts materials, and performs Page duties as necessary. Provides exceptional customer service to internal and external customers using the Library District's Great Expectations customer service model. Demonstrates respect for customers and fellow staff, and fosters a collaborative team environment. Provides direct public service to customers by having an understanding of available library services. Assists customers with library downloads. Upholds District service standards and participates fully as a MCLD Citizen. Adheres to Library District policies and procedures. Complies with the Maricopa County Code of Ethics. Participates in goal setting with supervisor; updates and maintains skills, as necessary. Participates fully in all meetings. Demonstrates timely attendance and completion of work. Maintains personal and professional development. Performs other duties as assigned. Selection Procedure The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.