Broadridge is Growing! Are you looking for an opportunity to join a leader in the FinTech industry? This is a significant opportunity for you to make a difference and become a strong contributor within the Broadridge senior leadership team. As the VP, Cloud Architecture you will lead projects that identify and drive infrastructure and application transformation and continuous improvement initiatives. This position may be located in our New York offices or Newark, NJ. If you're striving to work among a growing and dynamic team, we would love you to read below. Responsibilities: You will lead the internal application development for all corporate products and services. Lead the technology and security components of the M&A; due diligence processes. Responsible for partnering with internal stakeholders and providing strategic, technical leadership, ensuring that all cloud solutions and architecture adhere to industry best-practices for scalability, maintainability, usability, performance, security, and portability. This role also designs, deploys and oversees the implementation and integration of systems for cloud-based infrastructure and has responsibility for relationship management for cloud vendors, including monitoring SLA's and tracking performance, troubleshooting and reporting. Develops strategic plans for cloud-based solutions, including but not limited to: transition strategies, bundling (multiple cloud offerings) strategies, risk assessment, and roadmap planning. Designs, deploys and oversees the implementation and integration of systems for cloud-based solutions. This includes both migrating on premise applications to cloud infrastructure as well as maintaining applications already in cloud infrastructure. Partners with internal stakeholders to investigate and communicates the impact of architecture and design choices on non-functional attributes like scalability, performance, availability and security. Identifies gaps, strategic impacts, financial impacts and the risk profile in the technical solution or offering, and provides technical support. Troubleshoots complex technical issues for cloud-based solutions. Identifies and mitigates risks on projects. Handles contract negotiation for cloud-based solutions. Owns vendor relationship management, tracking, troubleshooting and reporting for cloud- based solutions. Tracks and monitors data necessary to ensure compliance to negotiated contracts on an ongoing basis and provides ad hoc reporting as required. Provides and presents analyses such as contract terms, dollar spend, process compliance. Evaluates new technological developments and evolving business requirements that impact cloud-based strategies. Provides technical project leadership and assembles teams as needed for support of cloud- based initiatives (i.e. Database, Infrastructure, Development, Data Security). Qualifications: Four-year degree in engineering, business or similar field; with an MBA or equivalent highly preferred. You have a complete understanding of the technology required for cloud computing. Experience in designing the applications that will be migrated to the cloud along with the skills to migrate the applications. You have a proven ability to build relationships between the customers and the team members. The ability and the knowledge to integrate services and tools to any and all areas to be used like networks and data processing. Validated ability and knowledge to implement security information and event management to keep the company's assets safe. Responsibility for making sure that the requirements of all service-level agreements are met. Extraordinary interpersonal skills to facilitate work in a dynamic environment. Ability to work well with cross group and cross-discipline at various levels up through executives, as well as influence and lead influencing required cultural and organizational change. Adaptable individual that works well in a fast growing environment with challenging business requirements. Proven capacity to lead make decisions in ambiguous situations, and drive cross group consensus in short periods. Sound problem identification, judgment, resolution and decision-making skills. Identify and drive infrastructure and application transformation and continuous improvement initiatives. LI-AS1 DICE_TA Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled