Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA The Google Technical Services Strategy and Operations team is responsible for developing and operationalizing the strategy of Google Technical Services. The team provides critical insights using analytics, ensures cross-functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and initiatives. We focus on aligning business priorities with strong day-to- day operations, and help evolve ideas into future-growth initiatives. We enable the success of our operational teams by driving strategy, leading business planning, crafting communications, and developing data insights to drive business decisions. As the Strategy and Operations Lead, you are responsible for co-developing the Google Technical Services strategy across a diverse set of businesses. In this role, you will be participating in strategy development for one of Google’s largest operating teams, which is responsible for providing customer care and technical support for a large portion of Google products across a range of types of customers. Our team provides thought leadership to a cross-vertical leadership team, delivers business insights through a customer and industry focused view, and develops initiatives, plans, and metrics to operationalize the strategy. You will have a strong understanding of Google’s business and be a key contributor in a growing environment. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Work with the executive leadership to define, launch, and drive strategic and operational initiatives. Work with cross-functional stakeholders and leaders to gather relevant data and conduct business analysis, with effective project communication and management. Resolve issues to deliver strategic insights and recommendations based on business analyses to leadership. Structure and implement operational and strategic initiatives by developing work plans, gathering and synthesizing relevant data, leading analyses and developing final recommendations. Develop recommendations through implementation and results. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a related field (i.e., Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Economics or Finance) or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in management consulting or investment banking, or equivalent strategy/project management experience in a line role for a technology firm. Experience with analytical tools and techniques (SQL, spreadsheet software, statistics and predictive modeling). Experience structuring strategic analysis using spreadsheets and presentations. Experience in practical business modeling or financial modeling. Preferred qualifications: Master's in Business Administration or graduate degree in a management, technical or engineering field. 7 years of work experience in consulting, software, internet, media industries and/or early stage companies. Experience in structuring and executing complex analyses to support strategy in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Knowledge of service operations, customer cupport operations and internet/online media. Proven leader with excellent project management, problem solving/analysis, written/verbal communication and interpersonal skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.