Date published: 8/6/18 The Medical Bill Analyst is responsible for ensuring the timely and accurate processing of the medical bills of our Medi-share members. This job is ideal for those who enjoy a fast-paced, computer-based, solitary environment. Which makes this job great for those who like to work from home or remotely. Our members depend on the accurate and timely work of the Medical Bill Analyst. If you thrive in a work environment that is data heavy, computer-based, and non- collaborative in nature, we’d like to hear from you. The typical hours for the first 90 days are 8am - 4:30pm with a short lunch built in. Christian Care Ministry is a community of Christians that requires its employees to share its Christian religious beliefs and practices. CCM complies with all anti-discrimination laws applicable to religious employers. A career with Christian Care Ministry (CCM) is more than just a job, it’s a ministry. CCM’s mission is to connect and equip Christians to share their lives, faith, talents, and resources with others. The foundation of CCM’s mission is Acts 2:42-47. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities Accurately determine the eligibility of medical bills in accordance with the Medi-share guidelines. Successfully move a medical bill through all the necessary steps to ensure the timely and accurate processing of member submitted medical bills. Competencies Can write grammatical, concise, and coherent emails and other forms of written communication. Strong computer skills as the vast majority of this job is on the computer navigating/managing up to seven different programs. Able to work independently (this job is very heads down and solitary in nature). Can type at least 30 words per minute. Strong reading and comprehension ability. Education and Experience A high school diploma or GED required Basic knowledge of medical terminology is preferred Medical coder or previous processing experience or knowledge of ICD9&10/CPT codes a plus States we employ in: AL AZ CO FL GA IL IN KY NY OH TN TX VA WV WI Perks Competitive pay 401(k) and great benefits An on-site gym and cafeteria CCM values our employees. Each individual is given the opportunity to excel in their strengths, advance their skill set, and have direct input into the decisions that ultimately drive the ministry’s success. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employee(s) will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an "at will" relationship.