Are you a passionate and experienced game designer who wants to help change education? SMART Technologies wants you! We invented the SMART Board and established its use in education decades ago. We provide a suite of education software and tools for teachers and students to use with their technology in the classroom. And now, we are actively working with game-based learning and gamification. We are looking for a game designer or a UX Designer with gaming experience to join our talented UX team and create amazing experiences for teachers and students that push the boundaries of how students learn in an evolving education industry. Duties and Responsibilities We are insanely user-focused and work directly and frequently with teachers, students and administrators with different approaches to education. So, you are intensely curious, love to learn from users at every opportunity, and doggedly pursue delighting them in everything you create. We are working on a “game-changing” approach to how kids learn with games and how games can lead to great learning outcomes. So, you bring range of game design skills to our team such as narrative creation, game mechanics, art direction, and more. We are an “internal startup” within SMART. So, you are fearless in trying new things and you love working in new, ambiguous, and uncharted territory. We create software for multiple platforms and interaction models, including PC, web, mobile, and large touch displays. So, you have demonstrable experience with multiple platforms and depth of knowledge in at least one. You also enjoy exploring new and creative ways people can interact with and use these devices. We collaborate richly and deeply across internal development, program management, and QA team as well as marketing and other groups across SMART, and we also work globally with a wide variety of talented freelancers and contractors. So, you love working closely with teams on a day to day basis, you enjoy figuring out new ways to work remotely as well as locally, and your favorite pronoun is “we.” We work in a hybrid agile and stage-gate process for our main software and hardware, but the gaming space is new for us. So, you embrace the philosophy of lean while creating new and better ways to plan and develop rich game experiences – and you love helping show other teams new ways of doing things better, faster, and stronger borrowed from the gaming world. We work in a lean, flat structure. So, you have the responsibility to provide design leadership directly and independently in your product area, to drive the right thing to do for our customers, and to achieve delightful game experiences. And at the end of the day, you evaluate success based on how well teachers help students learn with our SMART products. Education and Work Experience A strong ludography demonstrating hands-on game experience and showing how you’ve made a difference. A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with a focus on game design, interactive media, human-computer interaction, or a certificate in game design, or equivalent amount of industry experience in gaming. A minimum of 2-3 years of working experience in game design, user experience or interaction design. Demonstrated experience with game and/or UX design for the mobile platform. Deep understanding of game mechanics and balancing. Strong analytical and leadership skills. Excellent communication skills, including written and oral presentation skills. Deep knowledge of game design with knowledge of UX design. Proficiency with game design tools and/or and prototyping software applications. Experience with the agile development process is a plus. Strong visual design skills and storytelling skills is a plus.