Be the newest addition to the growing Temple University Health System Integration Team. This is a terrific opportunity to develop your integration skills in a healthcare setting for a major Philadelphia health system with an Epic EMR. Enjoy working in a unique situation where you will work with the Engine, Bridges and Capsule. If you aren’t Bridges certified, you will become certified. Your initial focus will be managing the error queue and its manipulation, as you are tasked with other projects while learning and receiving additional training. You will work with members of the integration team in support of interface projects, from request through design, coding, testing, documentation, training, implementation, and follow-up; develop documentation and maintain materials where appropriate; participate in after-hours support as needed. Minimum qualification requirements to be considered: 1 year of work experience in a technical role supporting information systems. A Bachelor’s Degree in Applied Business or a Technical Specialty (a combination of relevant education and experience may be considered in lieu of degree). Preferences Experience with hospital information systems implementation or support, and computer programming languages (Mumps, Cache, Oracle, eGate, Ensemble, Bridges, Orion Rhapsody) or other interface engines. 1 year experience working with interfaces or knowledge of the functioning of such, preferably in a healthcare environment (HL7). 40 hours/wk, M-F, 8:00a-4:30p Your Tomorrow is Here! Temple Health is a dynamic network of outstanding hospitals, specialty centers, and physician practices that is advancing the fight against disease, pushing the boundaries of medical science, and educating future healthcare professionals. Temple Health consists of Temple University Hospital (TUH), Fox Chase Cancer Center, Jeanes Hospital, TUH-Episcopal Campus, TUH-Northeastern Campus, Temple Physicians, Inc., and Temple Transport Team. Temple Health is proudly affiliated with the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University. To support this mission, Temple University Health System is continuously recruiting top talent to join its diverse, 10,000 strong workforce that fosters a healthy, safe and productive environment for its patients, visitors, students and colleagues alike. At Temple Health, your tomorrow is here! Your Tomorrow is Here! Temple University Hospital is a nationally respected teaching hospital on Temple University's bustling Health Sciences Center campus. The hospital provides a comprehensive array of healthcare services both basic and complex to patients from around the corner, across the country and around the world. As the chief clinical training site for the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University, the hospital provides a dynamic environment for high- quality care, teaching, and cutting edge research. Primary Location : Pennsylvania-Philadelphia Job : Information Technology Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular