Los Gatos, California Financial Planning and Analysis With over 130 million global subscribers, Netflix is the largest subscription merchant in the world. As you might imagine, we invest heavily in developing the best customer experience for both signing up and automatically paying each month - while minimizing our exposure to fraud risk. We are now seeking a talented individual to join the team managing our global consumer payments and fraud mitigation capabilities. This role will reside in the Company’s corporate headquarters in Los Gatos and report to the Director of Payments FP&A.; The Associate will join a team that is responsible for driving business insights from consumer payments data, managing payment- related fraud, and ultimately supporting development of the company’s consumer payments strategy. RESPONSIBILITIES: The role will be focused on driving analyses that increase subscriber acquisition, improve retention, manage fraud risk, and optimize the subscriber experience - with a core focus on the fraud management responsibility. Broader responsibilities will include: Lead and support efforts to (a) measure and (b) mitigate fraud risk without negatively impacting core metrics and the broader customer experience Lead and support strategic value-added analyses to measure and forecast impact of payment method offerings and processes on subscriber retention Work cross-functionally throughout the organization (global payments, finance, science and analytics, billing and payments engineering) to implement consumer payments solutions and measure performance Define and develop metric dashboards Develop strategies for expanding markets and offering relevant payment methods to consumers QUALIFICATIONS: Netflix is growing fast with a flat organizational structure, which means that employees are often asked to perform tasks with a range of difficulties. The ideal candidate would be prepared to regularly “roll up their sleeves” to perform more mundane tasks in the same day that they present to the executives of the company. Candidate must be curious, motivated, disciplined, and able to work autonomously. Must have excellent analytical skills, including ability to use business intelligence tools, build spreadsheet models, and sort through complex data to crystallize business implications Experience and comfort with an extremely high degree of freedom and responsibility Industry knowledge of payment processing, recurring billing, payment fraud, and general ecommerce is preferred, but not required. However, curiosity and interest in the payments/fraud landscapes is a must. Strong project management and great collaboration skills across multiple functional areas Experience working with external business partners and vendors Skill at crafting a data-driven story and presenting to senior management Bachelor’s degree in finance, economics, mathematics, statistics or other relevant field that demonstrates quantitative orientation