As an Account Manager at Ambassador you will be the primary consultant for all aspects of our clients’ needs post-sale. Your ongoing objective is to ensure client success, that Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are met and client desired results are achieved; culminating in an increased [client] retention rate, active usage, and improved customer value. As the primary point of contact for all of our clients, our Account Managers understand that customer service is a key differentiator as to why our customers choose Ambassador for their relationship marketing needs. With that said, the majority of your efforts will be conducted via phone, webinar, email, exemplifying our core value of Always Customer Obsessed. In the 1st Month you will… Take a deep dive into our software, learning all the many intricacies of our product. Get your first taste of customer service by answering client questions related to our software via email, telephone or through our ticket system. Through a series of mock calls with your fellow Diplomats you will hone your skills by conducting client communications. Sharpen your skills in Month 2 by... Continuing to answer client questions via email, telephone or through our ticket system perfecting your skills as a Success Diplomat. Learn our product further and the special technicalities that come with onboarding a client. Champion existing accounts through reviews, campaign optimization, minimizing churn, and fostering an exceptional client experience. Execute in Month 3 by... Taking ownership and accountability for new client accounts. Successfully onboard clients and guide them on how to use Ambassador’s software in order to reach their campaign goals. Consistently meet assigned or planned campaign based milestones. Maintain expert level knowledge on the Ambassador platform, key client needs, and industry trends. Desired Skills & Experience Bachelor’s degree 3+ years customer service Work experience for a software/technology solution provider Experience owning client relationships and becoming a trusted advisor Knowledge of the marketing technology landscape and/or experience servicing senior level marketing clientele General experience using business web applications (Salesforce.com, desk.com, etc) Excellent written and oral communication skills Extreme attention to detail, organized, and process focused Excited to work in a start up environment Patient, Positive, and Motivating