Job Description: Responsible for the performance, integrity, and security of multiple databases, including troubleshooting. Assists in establishing the needs of users and monitors user access and security. Monitors performance and manages parameters to provide fast query responses to "front-end" users. Responsible for installing and testing new versions of the database management system (DBMS); maintaining data standards; writing database documentation, including data standards, procedures, and definitions for the data dictionary (metadata); controlling access permissions and privileges; developing, managing, and testing backup and recovery plans; ensuring that storage, archiving, backup, and recovery procedures are functioning correctly; capacity planning; working closely with project managers, database programmers, and web developers. Communicates regularly with technical, applications, and operational staff to ensure database integrity and security. Installs new applications. Responsibilities: As a Database Architect, successful candidate will have the opportunity to design/architect and administer some of the most complex, technically challenging data centric solutions. Discovering and implementing the latest in NoSQL is his/her responsibility Responsibilities Ensuring Data integrity by enforcing rules for development teams Solving some of the newest performance and other issues related to NoSQL Databases Being the Cloud guru with extensive knowledge of AWS, PCF and Azure Architecting and administering the Data in cloud Standards and increasing the uptime to 5 9s. Qualifications: 10+ years of experience with Database Architecture and development 3+ years of experience with AWS, AZURE, PCF, Bluemix etc., 3+ years of expert level knowledge with at least one of the NoSQL databases Cassandra, Mongo, etc., Experience solving complex problems, evaluating and adopting latest technologies Very strong knowledge of Advanced Development using Cassandra and others Passion to cloud technologies and maintain data to scale and perform. Extensive experience with working with Microservices Strong Understanding of Payments industry Demonstrated ability to influence industry with insights and articles Experience working in Agile development environments Well versed with Cloud and multiple databases Cassandra Data modeling experience preferred Experience implementing and working in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent experience. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.