Become a Master Anaplan Model Builder. If you love data analysis, data visualization and planning tools, this could be the career opportunity for you. Location: Minneapolis The Marketing/Sales Operations Analyst will serve a key role in Anaplan’s marketing & sales organizations. You will learn how to use the revolutionary Anaplan planning platform. You will work with industry and line-of-business experts to build Application models that will analyze specific sales and marketing metrics that will drive the planning processes and performance management across the Marketing and Sales functions. Leveraging your analytical perspective and knowledge of the Marketing and Sales functions, you will: Design and build applications on the Anaplan planning platform, following the requirements defined by marketing and sales leadership and function owners and leverage your analytical perspective and knowledge. Develop compelling analyses to execute data-informed initiatives. Institute high-level monthly and quarterly performance reporting. Conduct in-depth investigations leveraging large and complex data sets. Assist in making recommended changes to improve and optimize marketing and sales team performance. Monitor KPIs, web analytics dashboards, sales & marketing reports and point out key areas of importance in accordance to company goals. Measure what works, what doesn’t, and improve! Requirements: 2 - 4 years of related experience in Sales & Marketing analytics/reporting in a B2B SaaS organization. 2+ years experience Salesforce reporting. Experience with Marketing Automation tools – Marketo (preferred) or Eloqua. Experience with a BI tool – Tableau exposure (DT Desktop). Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Finance, Business, Marketing or related field. Experience in working with and within a marketing organization. Advanced skill levels for MS Excel including macros, complex charts and pivot tables, experience with MS Access would also be helpful (but not necessary). Experience building, tracking and reporting on budgets, forecasts, management reporting and financial analysis, operational planning. Experience preparing PowerPoint decks. Excellent communication skills. Strong analytical skills and experience with reporting and data analysis. Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time in a fast-paced environment. Ability to problem-solve/troubleshoot operational issues. Ability to professionally interact with all levels of an organization. Experience with planning software systems (Anaplan, Adaptive) would be helpful, but not required. Anaplan's Minneapolis office was featured in the Cool Offices section of the Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal ( https://www.bizjournals.com/twincities/news/2018/07/31/cool-offices-anaplans- new-north-loop-office-is.html ). LI-SM1