Are you enthralled by the use of big data to transform the way we interact on the web at scale? Do you want to be a part of 1:1 personalization for Atlassian from the beginning? The Marketing Technology team is looking for a Business Systems Analyst / Platform Administrator to take detailed accountability for unleashing the power of our Customer Data Platform (Evergage). You'll be the point person who is the subject matter expert on all our data sources, data dictionaries, integrations, segments and campaigns that deliver our personalization strategy across channels. You are bridge between data engineering and business. You take marketing dreams and make them real. Marketing Technology is an internal services team whose mission is to define and expand the technical capabilities of the broader marketing organization. Our operating model is to combine best-of-breed vendor platforms with custom integrations and internal services to support the constantly changing needs of the company. In your first six months, you will: Become the expert on CDP platform capabilities, configurations and data sources Ensure that high quality data is going in, being used appropriately, and producing measurable results Train, partner, and empower our marketing and support teams on the use of the CDP for personalization Execute measurable campaigns in partnership with marketing and the vendor Contribute to our content taxonomy standardization and implementation across Atlassian web properties Work alongside a team of product managers, systems architects, business systems analysts, developers and marketers on the implementation of the CDP You might be a good fit if you: Have 5+ years of experience in highly integrated SaaS platform administration, data analytics, or javascript / tag management Are extremely detail oriented Consider yourself a strong, open communicator Love to work collaboratively with teammates, but also can go deep into detailed analysis at the data level Are comfortable engaging with vendors and solution partners on a highly technical level Find yourself at ease solving difficult problems with little direct guidance You may not be deeply familiar with marketing technology, but you're motivated to learn. You're naturally curious about things you don't understand, and you're driven by the satisfaction you get from leaving things better than when you found them. You enjoy sharing knowledge with teammates and asking for help when you need it, and – at the end of the day – you thrive on delivering quality work in an environment that encourages you to be your best. More about our benefits Our offices are open, highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year to support your favorite cause, plenty of food and beverages, ergonomic workstations with sit/stand desks, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years, generous employer-paid insurance coverage (medical, dental, and vision) for you and your family, 401k matching and more. More about Atlassian Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and now Stride. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _Atlassian, Inc., will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC_ _Art.49_ _._