Emailage is on an exciting new journey of growth. Want to be a part of it? We’re always looking for top-notch talent to join our ranks. You’ll have an opportunity to make a difference each and every day, alongside a team that is experienced, talented and passionate. Emailage has an immediate opening for a Fraud Decision Scientist to join the team. This position reports directly to the Chief Product Officer and is primarily responsible for using your analytical skills to develop and maintain a suite of risk models and rules to ensure our solutions protect Emailage clients against Fraud. Must be a self-starter who can effectively handle multiple competing priorities and projects. The ideal candidate will demonstrate a breadth of knowledge and best practices, have an eagerness to learn new things and stay abreast of emerging industry trends and platforms. Primary Responsibilities: Develop and implement algorithms and strategies to predict fraud events using various data elements Proactively identify fraud detection issues and provide analytical/modeling solutions Document and communicate model results and insights to customer success team and senior management Qualifications and Experience: Master’s degree in quantitative related field (Statistics, Math, Operations Research etc) required. Strong problem solving and analytical skills Strong communication skills to convey fraud insight Ability to analyze problems and produce justification to enhance fraud decisions. SQL programming experience Working knowledge of tools like R, Python desired Working knowledge in developing predictive models like logistic regression, decision tree etc and machine learning techniques desirable Self-motivated and ability to work autonomously on multiple projects simultaneously The position requires substantial interaction with clients as well as internal teams such as sales, customer success, and IT teams Must be able to effectively provide updates and communicate results to non technical audiences. Company Benefits and Perks: It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer these great perks to help keep our team healthy, productive and happy: Above market salary Full health, dental and vision coverage Life insurance, short-term, and long-term disability paid for by the company 401(k) plan offered with employer match High-end hardware to work with Learning and career growth prospects Paid Holiday and Time Off Referral bonus program Opportunities for profit sharing, bonuses and ownership Ability to working with bleeding edge technology right here in AZ Fast paced Startup Culture