Under general supervision, the Information Technology Specialist 2 position will review, draft, develop, and assist with the implementation of key changes and enhancements to the highly visible and complex Enterprise System services at Washington State University. Responsibilities include reviewing business information requirements, drafting application system solutions, testing application components, modifying and/or enhancing existing application components, assisting with integrating new applications/application components/third-party packages with existing systems and procedures, documenting and deploying application solutions. Provide systems review and application development, working with technical and functional counterparts to design and develop configurations, workflows, and system integration for the Student Information System Portal, Data Warehouse and Enterprise systems support environments. Additional Information This posting will be used to fill multiple positions. University Overview Founded as the people’s university in 1890, Washington State University fulfills that commitment by transforming lives through education, research, and community outreach. In 2015, the University celebrated 125 years of delivering life-changing knowledge and discoveries to citizens across the state, region, nation, and around the world. The state’s only land-grant institution and one of two public research universities, WSU provides a world- class education to nearly 30,000 students through its multi-campus, statewide locations and online. The University strives to ensure that higher education is accessible at an affordable cost—a decades-long WSU commitment to the state’s citizens. The University offers more than 200 undergraduate fields of study and 127 graduate and professional degree programs. Many academic programs win recognition nationally for excellence. WSU is one of just 108 public and private universities in the United States—out of more than 4,500—singled out for its “very high research activity” by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University’s research agenda is focused on addressing challenges in health, sustainability, smart systems, national security, and opportunity and equity. WSU is a major driver of Washington’s economy, partnering with many of the state’s leading industries, including agribusiness, aerospace, health care, software, and construction. The University is responsible for nearly 20,600 jobs statewide and generates an overall economic impact of more than $3.3 billion annually. The institution’s operating budget expenditures total nearly $2 billion annually. The City Pullman is a dynamic center of higher education, research, and culture located in a region called the Palouse. The region is home to two land grant universities, Washington State University and the University of Idaho located just eight miles to the east in Moscow, Idaho. Washington’s second-largest city, Spokane, is located 75 miles north of Pullman. Demographics Daily designated Pullman a “dreamtown,” reflecting the city’s exceptionally high quality of life. Bloomberg Businessweek named Pullman the “Best Places to Raise Your Kids” in Washington. The city also boasts one of the highest percentages of graduate degrees among U.S. micropolitan areas, and its public school system has been ranked among the top 100 in the country. Excellent outdoor recreation opportunities—including golfing, skiing, hiking, and boating—are just a short drive away. To learn more about the Pullman community, visit pullmanchamber.com Benefits Package Competitive benefits available, more details at hrs.wsu.edu/benefits Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100% Position Term in Months 12 Monthly Salary $3,985.00 Position Qualifications Required Qualifications Three years of information technology experience; OR equivalent education/experience. Additional Requirements Experience in programming and/or system development. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience with enterprise level systems. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, MIS or related field. Experience with eXplorance Blue Experience with Enterprise Level operating systems (Linux/Microsoft). Experience with Oracle based products. Experience with PeopleTools, PeopleSoft Campus Solutions, Workday. Effective interpersonal skills. Demonstrated ability to collaborate successfully with a wide variety of people. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. Successful work experience in higher education. Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 06/08/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants Screening of applications will begin June 18, 2018, and continue until the position has been filled. Application materials should clearly communicate how the applicant meets all required qualifications and additional requirements. At the time of application, please be prepared to submit a cover letter and resume. Applicants can attach any certifications or letters of recommendation in one of the “other” documents. Within the online application, please include contact information for at least three professional (3) references. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134292P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Optional Documents Other Other 2