full-stack web developer chicago, il where great ideas win In every office around the world, InnerWorkings offers an entrepreneurial culture that sets ambitious goals and looks beyond the status quo. At InnerWorkings, we reward sharp, unconventional thinkers who are motivated to create their own success. Our winning culture draws from employees who step up to the challenge of solving tough problems and making a difference. We dream big, so our clients can dream bigger. the job We are currently hiring a Full Stack Java Developer to join our team. We are looking for a Java developer responsible for building Java applications. This includes anything between complex groups of back-end services and their client-end (web and mobile) counterparts. Your primary responsibility will be to design and develop these applications, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. Thus, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and product quality is essential. responsibilities Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Java code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Understanding OO design patterns. Working closely with BAs and implementation staff to understand requirements and deliver software that meets customer needs requirements Proficient in Java, with a good knowledge of its ecosystems Solid understanding of object-oriented programming Familiar with various design and architectural patterns Skill for writing reusable Java libraries Knowledge of concurrency patterns in Java Familiarity with concepts of MVC, JDBC, and RESTful Experience with popular web application frameworks, such as Spring and hibernate Knack for writing clean, readable Java code Experience with both external and embedded databases Understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Familiarity with build tools such as Ant, Maven, and Gradle Familiarity with continuous integration such as Jenkins benefits At InnerWorkings we understand that your life extends beyond the workplace. We value our employees and offer a variety of benefits including health and wellness, time off, volunteer opportunities and retirement plans designed to keep our employees at the top of their game and inspired to be a part of the InnerWorkings team. InnerWorkings is an Equal Opportunity Employer.