smartTrade Technologies is a software company providing electronic trading solutions. Our clients are investment banks, stock exchanges, brokers and hedge funds. smartTrade enables the management of financial workflows in real- time between different market participants. smartTrade’s cutting-edge technology allows our clients to optimize their trading workflow while lowering total cost of ownership. Join us to be part of an innovative and global company with offices in London, Milan, Aix-en-Provence, New York, Singapore, Tokyo and Tunis . You will contribute to the ambitious development plan of the company. We are looking for Cloud Operations Engineers to join its highly skilled team in New York. Position summary: You will share the responsibility for the operations of our Cloud platform hosting SaaS solutions to our customers. You will join a multi-site team providing 24/7 support (hardware, systems, networks), participating in the improvement of our Cloud platform, in terms of both tools and architecture. A Cloud Operations Engineer works within a small, high-end team. The role requires a deep understanding of Linux server administration, Networking and key applications and services running on virtualized and non-virtualized platforms. The role’s primary focus is the simplification of providing instances of the company’s products and services by leveraging software development and open source solutions to automate the many tasks required to enable and manage our offerings. In addition, Cloud Operations engineers are responsible for complex problem resolution, creating and improving procedures and facilitating communication. Other duties include researching, proofing, and authoring technical documentation that are beneficial to the company. Responsibilities also include providing oversight of a number of Hosted Linux systems, databases, and network troubleshooting, and providing various technical solutions to the business. Position Requirements: Master degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline 2 years minimum experience Networking (TCP, HTTP, DNS) and security (firewalls IP table, openswan VPN, SSH, ..) Unix Administration (Solaris / CentOs), Linux, Windows CentOs Virtualization, VMware, Hyper-V Scripting in various environments (Bash, Perl, Windows shell …) Monitoring infrastructure and applications (Nagios, Splunk) Configuration Management (Puppet, Chef) Experience of software development (Java, C + + …) Autonomy, discipline, team spirit and broad software culture Benefits: Type of contract: permanent available immediately Compensation: competitive according to experience + health plan