What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.