Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Community Development team contributes directly to Facebook’s mission by connecting creators with their audiences, helping them meet their objectives through solutions like Watch, Pages, Videos, Live and Ad Break. We succeed when we help our partners grow their content business. The team is searching for a Data Specialist to help build data infrastructures to understand and quantify opportunities for delivering value to the video creator community on Facebook. This individual will build data warehouses to store internal and external data sources to improve the team's marketing, process, and product efforts, all with the goal of helping thousands of video creators meet their desired outcomes on Facebook. The ideal candidate is a team player and loves breaking down problems, building solutions, and working in a changing environment. RESPONSIBILITIES Interface with program managers, analysts, and channel marketers to translate business requirements to data needs and solutions. Design data models to store and warehouse metrics and create automated procedures to scale and operationalize process. Build efficient and reliable data pipelines to transform data from multiple data sources. Define SLAs and own troubleshooting of load failures to ensure timely resolution. Build dashboards and reports to present and analyze results. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Degree in an analytical field (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Management Science) 3+ years of experience with SQL (Oracle, Vertica, Hive, MySQL, etc.) 3+ years experience in custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance 3+ years of experience in business intelligence, data engineering or data analytics roles 1+ years of experience in data visualization tools Experience working in organizations with cross-functional teams Experience working independently and a track record of taking initiative PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years of experience with scripting in Python or PHP 1+ years of experience with packages such as R, Tableau, SPSS, SAS, STATA, etc. Ability to adapt well to changing environment