Job Summary: Who we are. We’re fans who help fans everywhere get in to the live events they love. A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favorite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think _that’s_ pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you. Why you should work with us. Our biggest investment is in our people. We offer comprehensive health benefits and 401k matching, student loan assistance, plus career-boosting opportunities like tuition reimbursement and targeted development sessions to help all eligible employees thrive. At Ticketmaster, expect the fast-paced excitement of a startup with the rock-solid support from an industry leader – with plenty of ticket perks on the side. See what it’s like working at Ticketmaster. The Role: At Ticketmaster, we are building a new platform for live entertainment. Over the past 4 years, our API has gone from a $1 million/year to $1 billion/year, including through mobile initiatives. Today we sell tickets not only on Ticketmaster.com but on partner e-commerce sites and the biggest social networks. As we continue to grow we need outstanding Data Scientists. That’s where you come in. Responsibilities: Be part of a dynamic, highly-focused team that is responsible for providing machine-learning insights and products that engage TicketMaster's 170+MM users Designing and implementing machine learning algorithms ranging from feature engineering, feature selection, clustering, predictive scoring and classification Support the analysis of the value of various marketing channels in order to support appropriate allocation of resources. Support feature engineering and modeling for demand, pricing and sales forecasting. Carry out rigorous model validation and model tuning/optimization as part of the natural model life-cycle Qualifications: 2+ years of SW development with a high-level programming language like: Java, C/C++, Python Strong machine learning background both on supervised and unsupervised algorithms Experience with state of the art machine learning tool kits and algorithms (e.g., Vowpal Wabbit (VW); scikit-learn; Tensorflow) 2+ years of industry experience, or equivalent and pertinent course work Proficient in SQL and RDBMS's Experience with/knowledge of frameworks like Hadoop, Pig is desirable Education: MS/Ph.D. In CS, Math or Statistics Effective communication skills and enjoying work as part of a team EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Ticketmaster strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. HIRING PRACTICES The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Ticketmaster recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Ticketmaster may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, Internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms.