Installs interior signage as required Follows instructions from higher level personnel or supervisor Trouble shoots equipment problems and takes appropriate corrective action to restore devices to operational levels Performs minor carpentry work, plumbing repairs to facility infrastructure systems, replacement of miscellaneous plumbing fixtures etc. Monitors air pressure and performs preventative maintenance and minor adjustments for pneumatic devices (e.g. package conveyor diverters, prescription bottle cappers, conveyor brakes) to ensure proper operation Responds to maintenance calls for maintenance support and repair of automated dispensing systems (e.g. Baker, Dispense O' Matic, KNAPP) and peripheral equipment, conveyor systems and their operating components, and automated packaging system components (e.g. strapping/boxing machines). Determine the extent of repairs required and prepares work orders, listing materials, parts and other items necessary to accomplish work. Required Assist in maintenance of parts and equipment inventory database Monitors building HVAC setting to maintain proper building temperature to include climate control for inventory. Performs routing building maintenance tasks Assists higher level mechanics in making or performing minor repairs by replacing, removing or tightening loose connections, fits switches and relays, damaged light fixtures and other electronic controls Monitors electrical/mechanical plant utility system Conducts periodic (e.g., monthly, quarterly) operational vehicle and associated equipment exercises and readiness checks, to include set up/breakdown procedures and road tests, for mobile pharmacy units (MPUs). Drives/operates EPS mobile pharmacy units/vehicles as needed Operates MPUs with an approximate gross vehicle weight of 25,000 to 68,000 pounds to deploy them to disaster/emergency event locations, then returns then to home station Required Maintains vehicle usage and maintenance records Helps coordinate maintenance schedules schedules for MPU vehicles stored locally or as appropriate Maintains vehicle usage and maintenance records in accordance with federal and agency policy Work Schedule: 08:00 a.m.to 4:30 pm and 3:00 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. Com pressed/Flexible Schedule: Not authorized Position Description Title/PD: /056010 Relocation/Recruitment Incentives: Not authorized Not authorized To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement, 08/30/2018. EXPERIENCE: A specific length of training and experience is not required, but you must show evidence of training or experience of sufficient scope and quality of your ability to do the work of this position. Evidence which demonstrates you possess the knowledge, skills, and ability to perform the duties of this position must be supported by detailed descriptions of such on your resume. Applicants will be rated in accordance with the OPM Qualification Standard Handbook X-118C. SCREEN-OUT ELEMENT: Your qualifications will first be evaluated against the prescribed screen out element, which usually appears as question 1 in the on-line questionnaire. Those applicants who appear to possess at least the minimal acceptable qualification requirement are considered for further rating; those who do not are rated ineligible and are eliminated. The potential eligibles are then rated against the remainder of the Job Elements: Facilities Mechanical Technical Problem Solving Vehicle Maintenance Examples of Specialized Experience include: a. Drives/operates EPS mobile pharmacy units/vehicles as needed b. Conducts periodic (e.g., monthly, quarterly) operational vehicle and associated equipment exercises and readiness checks, to include set up/breakdown procedures and road tests, for mobile pharmacy units (MPUs) c. Monitors electrical/mechanical plant utility systems d. Assists higher level mechanics in making or performing minor repairs by replacing, removing or tightening loose connections, fits swithches and relays, damaged light fixtures and other electronic controls e. Monitors air pressure and performs preventative maintenance and minor adjustments for pneumatic devices (e.g. package conveyor diverters, prescription bottle cappers, conveyor brakes) to ensure proper operation f. Documents initiation, progress, and completion of the tasks in the maintenance service data collection system. g. Performs routing building maintenance tasks Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Note : _A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment._ Physical Requirements: Work involves various situations requiring bench work and/ or field work that requires sitting standing, walking, lifting, bending, pushing, etc. Often handles devices weighing up to 40 pounds and is sometimes called upon to handle objects weighing in excess of 40 pounds with the assistance of other personnel or weight handling equipment. Working Conditions Work involves various conditions and environments from working in an office, productions plant floor, or on a construction site. Exposed to a wide variety of temperatures, hazardous conditions, and potentially dangerous situations involving toxic or hazardous substances. Exposed to high voltage electrical lines and equipment. Operation of machinery and equipment may produce dangerous situations that can result in a loss of limbs. Often required to perform duties in sterile environments tht require wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) and area where special safety precautions must be taken while at the same time protecting the product from infection and contamination. None To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: Resume The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to make sure you have included other documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees), documentation to support Veterans Preference claims, or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). You will not be contacted for additional information. Resume SF-50 Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. Documentation is required to award preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.