Business Summary VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 350,000 enterprise and SMB customers to thrive in the Cloud Era/ A pioneer in the use of virtualization and automation technologies, VMware simplifies IT complexity across the entire data center to the virtual workplace, empowering customers with solutions in the software-defined data center to hybrid cloud computing and the mobile workspace. Our team of 20,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today. Learn more at www.vmware.com/careers. Job Role and Responsibility The VMware Information Security Operations team is responsible for detecting and responding to cyber threats targeting VMware systems, applications, infrastructure, information, and users. The Information Security Analyst is a highly technical role responsible for investigating and responding to cyber threats as part of the Security Operations Center (SOC) team. You will have demonstrable experience in threat hunting and technical analysis. You will provide primary review and triage activity for security events and alerts. Provide Support to users, advising users on alignment with security policies. You will hunt for security threats and malicious activity. Daily tracking of events, alerts, and requests submitted from various sources. Respond to tickets, email, and telephone requests. Design and maintain Security Operations playbooks and standard operating procedures. Provide various communications, shift handovers, and incident documentation. You will participate in evaluation, implementation, and troubleshooting of security tools in the portfolio. Evidence collection, documentation, communications, and reporting. Provide feedback on effectiveness of threat intelligence platform and data sources. Submit threat indicators collected during analysis. Maintain current knowledge and understanding of the threat landscape and emerging security threats. Maintain a high level of confidentiality. Required Skills You should have a deep understanding of Security Operations Center (SOC) and Incident Response practices and methodologies with a background in cloud computing and security issues related to cloud environments. 3-5 years of experience working in a Security Operations Center (SOC). Experience performing security monitoring and response capabilities on cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform). Experience using SIEM products (Splunk Enterprise, Elastic Stack). Experience with endpoint security analysis on Windows, Mac, and Linux event data and related tools (Tanium, McAfee ePO). Experience with malware analysis or forensic analysis. Technical knowledge of Internet security and networking protocols. Understanding of security technologies, including UEBA, SIEM, IDS/IPS, firewalls, endpoint security, content filtering, and packet inspection. You are familiar with system hardening techniques and practices. Strong analytical skills and ability to identify advanced threats. Scripting skills such as Python, Perl, RegEx, Splunk Query Language. Ability to communicate at all levels of an organization, across diverse cultural and linguistic barriers, within a geographically distributed team. Ability to collaborate effectively and work independently with minimal supervision. Adapt as the external environment and organization evolves. You are able to prioritize projects and output. Self-motivated, collaborative, and detail oriented. Excellent written and verbal communications. Availability outside working hours for high priority events. Preferred Skills Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. Security certifications such as GCIH, GIAC, SSCP, OSCP. EEO Statement: VMware is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees. Equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees in personnel actions, which include: recruiting and hiring, selection for training, promotion, rates of pay or other compensation, transfer, discipline, demotion, layoff or termination. VMware does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, gender identity, gender expression, family medical history or genetic information, citizenship, national origin or ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, military status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation. VMware also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law. Further, it is the policy of VMware to maintain a working environment free of all forms of harassment.