Provide academic advising and support to students enrolled in the College of Nursing undergraduate and graduate programs. Assist with the accurate processing of student applications and admission process. Manage advisee caseload through actively engaging with students through individual appointments and group advising. Provide program support and leadership on various projects and CON initiatives. Work collaboratively with the Office of Student Affairs leadership, faculty and program directors to ensure that students satisfy degree requirements. 50% of the position is responsible for providing recruitment and academic support for students who participate in the Workforce Diversity Program. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Demonstrated commitment to foster student success through mentoring and appreciative advising. Provide academic advising to current and prospective nursing students. Advise potential and current students on admission requirements, degree requirements, and graduation and certification information. Monitor academic progress of nursing students. Advise enrolled students on academic policies and procedures, degree and /program requirements. Coordinate and implement academic support services for at-risk nursing students. Must be knowledgeable of campus resources designed to assist students with academic success. Ability to collaborate with other units on campus to provide support for students. Serve on university committees to promote mission of College and University. Communicate effectively and accurately academic and nonacademic requirements, policies and procedures to prospective and admitted students, staff and faculty. Assist with the application and admission process; including evaluation of transcripts, review of applications, dissemination of admission decisions, and organization of new student orientation. Design and implement retention programs and services through management of Learning Communities. Monitor CON scholarship program. Collect student data and prepare a variety of accurate reports. Work with minimal supervision. Must be available to work evening and weekend hours as needed and requested. Provide own transportation to work and work-related events. Provide data support to the Assistant Dean, Enrollment & Student Services, Associate Dean for Academic and Clinical Affairs & Undergraduate & Graduate Program Directors as required. Other duties as assigned Unique Duties Qualifications Master's degree in Counseling or Education required. Previous work experience in higher education particularly with high achieving students/competitive admission process. Experience in design and development of student recruitment and retention programming. Demonstrated excellence in written, oral and interpersonal, communication skills. Demonstrated excellence in time management and organizational skills. Experience with academic advising, mentoring and establishing rapport with students of all ethnic backgrounds. Computer literacy; strong working knowledge of Banner and Banner products (i.e. Degree Works) and Microsoft Office. Preferred Qualifications Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State University is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other underrepresented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full-Time Job Category Faculty and Academic Staff Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 08-10-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message