The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space. At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. Join the Lockheed Martin Air Force Programs team where we are doing cutting edge engineering on missions of national strategic importance. Help us build on our more than 60 year history of supporting of our Air Force customer, while we develop systems for the next 60 years. The Systems Engineer / Systems Integration and Test Engineer will support ICBM & Strategic Systems as well as the integration and testing of various reentry and missile systems. In this role you will: plan, implement, test, document, and maintain solutions for the integration and testing of flight hardware components, elements, subsystems and/or systems synthesize customer contractual needs and requirements into system test solutions that acknowledge technical, schedule and cost constraints review, evaluate and derive requirements for the development of a comprehensive test plan, procedures and schedules for complete systems and/or subsystems conduct Test Readiness Reviews and support other major program reviews perform analysis of test results and prepare comprehensive subsystem and/or system level evaluation reports which verify and validate system performance Typically has 9 - 15 years of professional experience. To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Desired Skills: \- Excellent written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated interpersonal skills and teamwork with internal and external customers Proficiency with standard documentation and program or be a current Certified Test Conductor (CTC) CONOPS for the US Air Force Weapon Systems Programs Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative team environment.presentation tools Knowledgeable in Lockheed Martin Space's Certified Test Conductor (CTC) processes and procedures Microsoft Office applications (PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Project) Automation Framework (AF) Active DoD Secret clearance BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree in Engineering or a closely related technical field Test engineering processes to include preparation of a Program Master Test Plan Integration and testing of hardware at component and system level >b>US Citizenship with the ability to obtain a Secret security clearance Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.