PURPOSE: Provide ongoing analysis of health, services and quality information including patient care, demographics, utilization, regulatory compliance, and productivity data. To develop, prepare and format information for use by staff. To continuously improve the value of KMHS information by ensuring data and its content are accurate, reliable, up to date, consistent, and usable. RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: Perform data analysis in support of ad hoc and standing information requests. Work with staff to develop and understand request specifications and interpret related data. Assess quality of available data from a variety of sources and deliver information products in formats, displays/reports and/or verbally as per requests and timelines. Implement database applications, tools and methodologies for extracting, analyzing and presenting data. Mine available data bases including KMHS EHR data warehouse. Develop systems to house information; maintain well organized, documented data files. Continue and enhance comprehensive patient registries. As requested, participate in data quality efforts including the assessment of existing data for completeness and accuracy relative to the quality specifications of the data. Conduct regular data quality audits, including encounter data validation, vitals entries, productivity, diagnostic entries, and monitor the quality of reports to ensure data/pulls are accurate and appropriately targeted. Identify data quality problems; investigate the root cause of data problems and develop recommendations for data correction solutions. Point out data, systems or process problems when noticed and participate in problem solving. QA data coming in from different systems to make sure it is populating the EHR properly, duplicate records are merged, exchanged records are integrated in most streamlined way possible. Review and gather client demographic and services information for QA incident reviews, collaborative care conferences and other in depth discussions. Assist in designing, producing and interpreting dashboards, charts and other presentation formats that will be used to track and improve data quality and for decision making. Attend meetings with internal and external customers, collaborate on analytic needs, and present/explain data where appropriate. Maintain awareness of and familiarity with the organization?s services, information, documentation, and reporting issues and requirements. Research new/revised tools and services that will improve the organization?s analytical and data presentation capabilities. A minimum of three years of behavioral healthcare experience including an understanding of diagnostics, treatments, measures, and electronic records. Familiarity with healthcare preferred including ICD coding and other clinical nomenclature. A minimum of two years working experience involving data analytics or database administration. Proficient software skills including MS Word, and PowerPoint and advanced level of MS Excel preferred including pivot tables, linked spreadsheets, lookup formulas, and graphing. Familiarity with relational databases, data base query principles and architecture. Knowledge of Quality Improvement analytics, including experience retrieving and displaying data in usable formats that are actionable from a customer’s perspective. Strong analytical and problem solving skills with demonstrated change management experience. A demonstrated aptitude for learning new software applications, questioning and exploring data abnormalities, and creating new reports and processes. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Excellent customer service skills. Flexible, self- directed, able to prioritize multiple tasks, meet deadlines and deliverables, and work in a team environment with minimum supervision. A fondness for learning new things and meeting the challenges of working in the continuously changing healthcare environment.