_Accepting Applications Until 8/24/18_ Who We Are Project for Pride in Living, Inc. (PPL) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering low-income people to become self-reliant through integrated services. When joining PPL, you become a part of a diverse team whose goal is to assist our residents and communities with the groundwork they need, not only to survive, but also to thrive. We are eager to welcome others to our team who are dedicated to serving our residents and pursuing our mission to _build the hope, assets, and self-reliance of individuals and families who have lower incomes by providing transformative affordable housing and employment readiness services._ Job Summary PPL is looking for a Young Adult Career Manager to join our Education team. This position will ensures quality career programming using the Jobs for America’s Graduates model (JAG) across multiple schools and re-engagement centers by working closely with the educators, site administrators and LEAP (Learn to Earn to Achieve Potential) leaders. The Young Adult Career Manager provides ongoing professional development and offers support to the educators by leading ongoing professional learning communities, monitoring and using data from the JAG database and using the coaching cycle with individual educators. The position aligns employer engagement with the Hennepin County Workforce Innovation Board and aligns with the sector work and high demand career pathways. The Young Adult Career Manager advocates for young people and opportunities to enter into family sustaining wage professions by raising the profile of JAG and the LEAP model to the larger community. In School Sites: _Minneapolis:_ Loring Nicollet Alternative School; PYC Arts & Tech High School; Menlo Park Academy; Takoda Prep; MERC Alternative High School; VOA High School; El Colegio High School. _Bloomington:_ Choice Academy _Brooklyn Center_ _:_ Brooklyn Center Early College Academy Out of School Sites: _Minneapolis:_ Pathways to Success at Minneapolis College; YouthLink _Brooklyn Center_ : Pathways to Success at BCA PPL’s education model consists of: LEAP- Focusing on youth who are homeless or highly mobile, in the juvenile justice system, or foster care, Leap integrates several newly launched programs to more effectively help young people earn a secondary credential. JAG- Helping to resolve our country’s dropout and transition problems by expanding state organizations and local programs that help young people overcome barriers to graduation from high school. Destination: Diploma to Degree (D3) - This program defines career pathway and work towards an associate degree for free while participants receive their high school diploma. Plus Program- This program builds strong student engagement and connections, the Plus Program school model was built on youth development and the effectiveness of peer-to-peer programs . Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Lead the program implementation of Hennepin County’s Jobs for America’s Graduates (JAG) across multiple sites, both in school and out of school, including coordination with site Youth Employment Specialists and administrators on JAG program components and program needs. Invest site staff in the LEAP vision, performance measures, and ensure alignment with the vision of the particular school/program. Collaborate with Youth Employment Specialists to ensure quality and culturally appropriate instruction of the JAG competencies. Engage Youth Employment Specialists in the coaching cycle to make improvements to practice and ensure alignment with the Hennepin County JAG program. Lead training opportunities for new specialists, ensuring a strong foundation to launch the program. Lead ongoing professional learning communities for the unique needs of in school and out of school programs. including training on the ENDMS. Use data (quantitative and qualitative) to shape professional development. Build and nurture relationships with employers and professionals to build out key partnership with target sectors (healthcare, manufacturing, IT, construction, finance and public sector) with JAG programs to enable young people to explore new professionals and deepen their understanding of their own career pathway. Develop and organize a system to recruit guest speakers into classrooms and arrange for tours of different industries. Support internship programs as appropriate. Maintain the JAG database system (ENDMS) by ensuring Youth Employment Specialists are able to enter data accurately daily. Support the continued investment in the database by ensuring Specialists and sites get regular reports on the progress of their young people and refine instructional approaches to match the data story. Prepare reports for grant purposes. Coordinate with the Data Analyst and Wilder Research for larger scale data reporting. Enhance the status and perception of program and resolves problems by developing and maintaining effective working relationships with school administrators and community leaders, and by serving as liaison between sites and LEAP leaders. Assures the LEAP Director is informed on the status of each school partnership. Share regular reports to the Youth Governing Board on the progress of the JAG sites. Listen and respond to the feedback of the Youth Governing Board through continual improvement of the JAG program. Continue to build the power and possibility of the Youth Governing Board. Plan the signature JAG events in collaboration with the Youth Governing Board and the VISTA Youth Engagement Coordinator. Ensure broad community investment in the events to enhance young people’s ability to network and to raise the profile of the LEAP effort. Responsible for quality assurance on all paperwork, monitor student files and reviews applications to ensure compliance with all Federal rules and regulations regarding other funding sources and manages student databases and special program/grant requirements. Ensures programming is aligned with the JAG National accreditation standards. Advocate for the program and enhances its visibility by participating in public relations activities, attending meetings, speaking to various community groups, and talking to legislators and business and industry leaders. Minimum Requirements Bachelor degree in Education, Workforce Development, Business or a related field. Five or more years of working with young people aged (15-24) with multiple barriers (ideally young people who have been engaged in foster care, juvenile justice, foster care truancy, teen parents and/or young people experiencing homelessness.) Experience writing culturally competent curriculum, formative, and summative assessments. Experience planning and delivering professional learning of a diverse group of professionals. Experience effectively working with multiple stakeholders and funders toward a common goal. Must have a valid class D driver’s license, proof of current insurance, a good driving record as determined by our insurance carrier, and a reliable vehicle. The ability to pass a school site driving history and criminal background check. Preferred Qualification Secondary Teaching License (5-12), English, Work Based Learning, or Social Studies License strongly preferred. Master’s Degree in Education or Leadership. Experience teaching career readiness curriculum, e.g. Job’s For America’s Graduates (JAG) A strategic mindset. Demonstrated ability to invest stakeholders from a variety of different viewpoints or organizations in a common mission and vision. Experience of navigating complex systems (e.g., county systems and school systems). Proven ability to work with a diverse groups and establish ongoing relationships. Experience working in a nonprofit setting and/or an understanding of the mission and challenges of Project for Pride in Living. Benefits: Benefits will include Health & Dental; Employer Paid Short & Long Term Disability Insurance, Employer Paid Life Insurance; Voluntary Life Insurance; Health Savings Account (HSA) or Flexible Spending Account (FSA); PTO & Paid Holidays; 403(b) Retirement Plan with Employer Match. Salary: $45,000-$55,000, DOQ _PPL is an EEO/AA employer. PPL participates in the federal E-verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees._ _In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the organization will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities and encourages both prospective and current employees to discuss potential accommodations with the employer._