DESCRIPTION COMPANY OVERVIEW: Astreya Partners are at the cusp of the new way of working. We provide Engineering and IT Managed Services to some of the most exciting companies on the planet. Our delivery model helps our clients be highly productive by matching exceptional people to on-site teams delivering world class services. With professionals in 32 countries and 70 cities around the world, we are a truly global company working with global clients. CLIENT OVERVIEW: Our client is the world’s foremost self-driving technology company experts in areas like machine learning, artificial intelligence, and advanced sensor technologies for autonomous vehicles. This position will work within Global Supply Chain and is responsible to ensure that the execution of the manufacturing strategy and vehicle integration activities are aligned with the product design requirements and production plans in support of the self-driving car. POSITION OVERVIEW: As the Operations Manager you will oversee the manufacturing operations of contract manufacturers to ensure vehicles are assembled on-schedule and within the specified quality standards and cost objectives. TOP DAILY RESPONSIBILITIES: Monitor and direct the manufacturing operations to accomplish the goals of the manufacturing plan, consistent with established manufacturing process and quality control procedures. Assist in the development and formulation of intermediate and short-range planning and executions of programs and objectives. Identify, and recommend changes to improve productivity and efficiency, monitor cost and operations related performance metrics. OVERALL RESPONSIBILITIES: Jointly develop and drive the team toward achieving the agreed upon manufacturing plans and production targets. Ensure the adherence to the approved manufacturing procedures and conformance to established specifications and quality standards. Monitor, track and drive daily/weekly/monthly and quarterly KPI that includes: Quality, Efficiency, Productivity, Lead-Time and Cost. Develops and manages the operational budget. Has authority to act within predetermined constraints. Publish regular updates and build status to other team members and management. Acts as liaison between functional groups and vendors on matters that affect the manufacturing operations and performance. Facilitate, and participate in technical discussions and decisions with engineering and contract manufacturer team members. Actively participate in the engineering change process. Assist the CM in the development of space/facility, production capital equipment, business systems resources and tools in supporting the program needs. Support functional teams and the CM in the coordination and management of engineering builds. Coach and provide guidance to the CM to improve technical and management capabilities. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Associate's or Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or related discipline. 7+ years of experience with high volume vehicle assembly and/or vehicle manufacturing or process engineering. 3+ years of experience in manufacturing operations management, preferably in a process-oriented operations and/or related industry. Good understanding of process and quality control procedures and methodologies. Highly attentive to details. Strong communication and team working skills. Excellent people skills, with experience leading and collaborating in a multi-disciplinary, diverse and dynamic team environment. PREFERRED SKILLS BA/BS in engineering, or a 4-year technical degree in a related discipline. Minimum of 5 years of experience managing a significant segment of a large manufacturer or the entire operation of a smaller manufacturer. Lean Manufacturing expertise and or Six Sigma belt holder Excellent grasp of, and ability to articulate, the principles of product cost and its drivers