Requisition ID: 210644 Primary Job Duties/Functions: Serves as Lead or Area Lead on assigned projects and develops the most cost-effective total project solution for execution of the discipline engineering work. Performs and checks calculations, and solves problems of high engineering complexity Reviews specifications, drawings, and vendor equipment documentation from both within the discipline as well as from other disciplines for compliance with project requirements and actively seeks resolution Assists in the performance of audits Ensures adherence to Industry codes and standards as well as department practices and procedures Provides close interface with, and promotes the understanding of, other discipline functions Contribute to discipline Design Criteria for engineering or design activities. Conduct document checking and design verification tasks in accordance with company and project procedures. Contribute to design documentation and deliverables such as piping flexibility and stress reports, nozzle load reports, pipe support load calculations, and specialty item data sheets such as spring supports. Perform and check analysis and calculations, PE stamp calculations and isometrics, conduct studies and prepare reports. Interface with Piping Design and Civil/Structural Disciplines. Developed pipe support standards and other pipe stress related specification such as expansion joints based on client requirements. Supervised assigned engineers and provide training to hired fresh graduates. Requirements: B.Sc. or M.Sc. Civil or Mechanical Engineering. Registered as a Professional Engineer in Louisiana Minimum 15+ year’s min. experience performing stress analysis of Delayed Coker projects Working knowledge of applicable codes and standards such as ASME B31.3 and related API 610, 661, 617, 650, 560. Proficiency with Caesar II, Microsoft excel and word. Familiar with FEA and nozzle Pro. Proficiency in Perform stress analysis of critical piping for different condition such as thermal, seismic, wind, banana effect, spalling conditions, etc. Perform fatigue analysis of piping system for applicable no of cycles. Qualify equipment nozzle loads as per applicable standards and project criteria. Prior experience in an EPC environment. Experience in hangers-snubbers-struts-sway and brace-engineered supports. Constant and variable spring cans Exposure to compressors, pumps, air coolers, exchangers, and tanks. Knowledge of the engineering development process and typical Piping Engineering deliverables such as piping isometrics, piping line classes, line designation tables, specialty items, and material selection diagrams. Dynamic Analysis, Flange Leakage Check and Piping Flexibility. Project Experience Desired: Coker overhead lines Transfer lines Coker Charge line “Un-heading device” Blowdown air coolers Design of flexible hoses Thermal Bowing _Shaping tomorrow together_ _Bechtel_ _is among the most respected engineering, project management, and construction companies in the world. We stand apart for our ability to get the job done right—no matter how big, how complex, or how remote. Bechtel operates through four global business units that specialize in infrastructure; mining and metals; nuclear, security and environmental; and oil, gas, and chemicals. Since its founding in 1898, Bechtel has worked on more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents. Today, our 53,000 colleagues team with customers, partners, and suppliers on diverse projects in nearly 40 countries._ _An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without_ _regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected_ _veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability._