The Contract Administrator is responsible for the preparation of interstate and intrastate transportation and storage contracts as well as maintenance and integrity of contractual data in the contract system to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements. This is an entry-level position and requires an individual who is still learning to apply the theoretical or professional concepts or techniques of the field. This job contributes to the completion of projects and performs relatively standard processes and tasks. Develops solutions to routine problems with a finite scope. Performs limited use or application of technical standards, principles, theories concepts and techniques. Participates in more complex projects and tasks with guidance and direction from supervisor or more senior professionals. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Develop understanding of standard contracts for interstate and intrastate transportation and storage for assigned customers. Review, interpret and accurately describe modifications to standard and non-standard natural gas pipeline construction and operations services contracts. Partner with Commercial and Legal to clarify, revise and finalize contract verbiage. Develop working knowledge of NAESB standards and apply standards to current processes and procedures. Assist with customer accounts with varying and demanding service requirements. Calculate credit exposure and gather approval from required parties. Ensure the proper approvals are collected on contracts in line with company policies. Maintain and track status of contract documents. Coordinate with customers to ensure contracts are executed prior to gas flow. Maintain accurate rates, points, contract volumes, and other pertinent information in transactional database. Prepare, file and post Negotiated Rate contracts in compliance with the Negotiated Rate Compliance Plan. Ensure accurate and timely transactional postings for assigned accounts. Partner with customers to implement e-contracting for applicable services. Work with customers on creating capacity release transactions online and awarding releases. Obtain Agency/Asset Manager Authorization Agreements and update pertinent information in database. Prepare and obtain EDI Trading Partner Agreements, Electronic Access Agreements and other miscellaneous agreements. Partner with customers on processing name changes and assignments. Responsible for ensuring accuracy of data for assigned customers for the Index of Customer quarterly filing and for Voluntary Consent weekly postings. Coordinate with multiple departments to provide internal and external customers with information regarding invoicing, contractual data and other ad-hoc reports. Act as point of contact for customer and commercial questions related to obtaining service, contract interpretation, tariffs, SOC, regulations, policies and procedures. Balance work demands in a fast-paced environment with frequently changing priorities while still offering the highest level of customer service. Minimum Education & Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Business or related field. In lieu of a degree, six (6) years’ directly related experience will be considered. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities: Ability to acquire knowledge of FERC Orders and requirements. Ability to acquire knowledge of NAESB standards. General understanding of contractual agreement types, contract verbiage and the underlying economic value of products, services, risks and obligations. Ability to apply a broad knowledge of principles, practices and procedures of contract management, accounting, auditing and/or transactional software systems. Ability to demonstrate effective oral and written communication skills. Ability to demonstrate strong analytical skills. Ability to demonstrate strong customer service skills. Ability to provide accurate and timely information under strict time constraints. Ability to prioritize and schedule tasks, pay attention to detail, and demonstrate good organizational skills. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to work successfully in a team environment. Physical Requirements: Sedentary to light work exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally, and/or negligible amount of force frequently to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects. Ability to view computer screen, sit, stand or walk for extended periods of time. Ability to operate a computer, copy machine, fax machine, calculator, telephone and other miscellaneous office equipment. Working Conditions: Ability to produce quality work in a fast-paced environment with high daily pressure to meet deadlines. Ability to work non-standard work hours as needed or required to meet established deadlines. Ability to work indoors, in an office environment, regardless of whether cubicle, open office or private office. Ability to carry a cell phone while on-call and respond to call-outs, potentially including nights, weekends and holidays. Ability to respond to emergency calls and/or call-outs and return to work while off duty. Subject to normal noise levels. IND