XMotors.ai provides autonomous self-driving features for the Xiaopeng EV vehicles in China market. We are looking for people passionate about self- driving vehicles to join in and help us build top class autonomous self- driving vehicles. We are looking for hands on IT Manager to ensure the efficient and effective operation of the IT Department in alignment with the business objectives of the organization. You will plan, coordinate, direct, and design IT-related activities of the organization, as well as provide administrative direction and support for daily operational activities of the IT department. Moreover, you will define and implement IT policies, procedures, and best practices. Job Responsibilities: \--Acquisition & Deployment Negotiate and administer vendor, outsource, and consultant contracts and service agreements Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for IT spending and initiatives \--Operational Management Oversee provision of end-user services, including help desk and technical support services. Delivery may be through internal providers and external providers, or may be provided directly by IT Manager. Ensure process of IT onboarding is closely aligned with HR onboarding processes Provide day-to-day support for the local office and remote users Support includes LAN support, break/fix, software/hardware upgrades, patch management, Anti-Virus management, image management, application installs, user support and training Setup, deployment and manage, and troubleshoot Windows and Mac computers and software, printers and devices, including Android / iPhone/ wireless devices deployment and support Support Office 365 Environment Troubleshoot wired and wireless network issues Manage Active Directory users and groups Support wired and wireless networks Maintain detailed and up-to-date licenses and hardware/software inventory Set up and support VPN Accounts Assist with the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade, and support of all IT infrastructure, including phone systems, servers, PCs, operating systems, hardware, software, and peripherals managed by IT Keep current with the latest technologies. Manage IT staffing, including recruitment, supervision, scheduling, development, evaluation, and disciplinary actions. Create end-user documentation for IT Self Service Manage SharePoint content Job Requirements: \--University degree in the field of computer science and at least 5 years related work experience \--Certifications in MCSA highly desirable \--Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously \--Networking experience with Cisco ASA, switches and wireless equipment \--Strong Exchange PowerShell skills \--Strong understanding of project management principles \--Working with desktop OSX and Windows environments \--Familiar with Active Directory, DNS and DHCP \--Exceptional customer service orientation \--Excellent written and oral communication skills \--Excellent interpersonal skills. \--Ability to present ideas in business-centric and user-friendly language. \--Highly self-motivated and directed \--Fanatical attention to detail \--Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities \--Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment \--Ability to work on your own with a remote manager What do we provide: A fun, supportive and engaging environment Opportunities to pursue and work on cutting edge technologies Competitive salary Snacks, lunches and fun activities We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status or marital status or any other prescribed category set forth in federal or state regulations.