If you are a current Skookum employee, please click here to apply. Quality Control Manager Where: Seattle, WA (Southeast Seattle) Job ID: R0001575 Type: Full Time Wage: Competitive Wages, Based on Experience Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(k), and a robust Wellness Program To apply, visit our website at www.skookumaerospace.org to complete an application and upload a resume. Skookum Aerospace Manufacturing is seeking a Quality Control Manager. This individual is responsible for managing the team of quality inspectors and ensuring they are appropriately engaged in the day-to-day quality of the manufacturing process. In addition, this position responsible for maintaining and improving the quality management system and related certifications (ISO9001:2015/AS9100D). Typical duties include but are not limited to: Manage a small team of quality inspectors and direct their daily workload with respect to: production monitoring and control, incoming inspection, shipping inspection, data collection for operations metrics, and other quality management tasks as needed. Supervise inspection operations; ensure quality, cost and on-time delivery in accordance to production schedule and customer commitments, such as First Article Inspection and functional testing. Responsible for calibration and care of monitoring equipment. Responsible for maintaining and updating the quality system, including all relevant documentation. Implement and approve inspection procedures and work instructions for Quality team. Ensure compliance with quality requirements, including audits of sub-suppliers of semi-finished and finished goods. Ensure timely resolution of deviations through quick response, thorough documentation, and effective verbal/written communication. Participate in new part introduction process including verification and documentation of First Articles. Participate in Program Management Reviews with the Director of Quality & Safety. Presents briefings to customers, officials, and visitors in all aspects of respective quality operations. Publish monthly and quarterly reports for all quality metrics as defined by the Quality Management System. Consistently manage procedures in preparation for multiple internal audits each year. Qualifications: Minimum 5 years’ experience in Aerospace or Commercial Manufacturing required. Associates Degree preferred. Demonstrated knowledge of ISO9001:2015/AS9100D and ISO14001. Proficient use of MS Office Suite. Experience in Lean manufacturing and Six Sigma is preferred. Requirements: A valid state driver’s license preferred. Must be either a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident of the U.S. (In order to comply with U.S. government regulations as defined in 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20), or a “protected individual” as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)). A pre-employment drug screen may be required. _Skookum Aerospace Manufacturing is an Equal Opportunity Employer- W/M/Veteran/Disabled_ _and participates in E-Verify_