About Houzz Join Houzz in revolutionizing the home and remodeling industry and have an impact on over 40 million homeowners and 2 million professionals around the world. Frequently ranked as one of the top 10 most disruptive companies in the world and backed by marquee venture capitalists, Houzz will allow you to drive the future of an industry worth $1.2 trillion in the US and Europe alone. Our entrepreneurial culture and warm family atmosphere will surround you with a fun and dynamic work environment you will only find at Houzz. Position Overview Our Data Scientists play a direct role in the direction of our company and are able to work across multiple groups to implement fresh ideas that allow Houzz to be the industry leader. Our mission is to provide Houzz with data driven insights. We are working on discovering information hidden in vast amounts of data to make intelligent business decisions and to deliver better products. Critical projects will focus on the ongoing development of statistical and machine learning models across all areas of Houzz, improving experiment and measurement systems, learning of data-driven insights to guide future product development and business direction. If you are interested in applying your passion to create products that will transform the lives of millions of users remodeling and decorating their homes and the professionals who serve them, please apply. Contributions Build advanced statistical and machine learning models to solve problems like customer lifetime value prediction, pricing optimization, marketing attribution, media mixing model, product ranking, inventory model, recommendation algorithm, user behavior forecasting, user experience personalization, etc. Provide data-driven insights to identify business opportunities, to drive changes across marketing, products and various operation teams, and ultimately to improve customer value and business metrics Define key metrics to guide business decision makings, such as engagement and lifetime value tracking across various aspects of our site Design and conduct experiments, and conduct root cause analysis Work with data infrastructure / product engineering teams to define the data collection needs and to productionize statistical/machine learning models Required Skills & Experience Advanced degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or similar fields 3+ years full-time relevant industry experience Deep understanding of statistics and/or machine learning methods Strong programming skills in Python or R Proficiency in SQL or willing to learn Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Self-motivated, independent, and eager to learn Desired Skills & Experience Experience with inventory prediction and/or pricing models would be a strong plus Together, we don’t just accept differences - we celebrate, support, and thrive on inclusivity for the betterment of our products and our community.