Job Title: Sr Data Analyst Department: Human Resources Shift: 1st Specialty: Job Number: 2018-1712 Date Posted: 07/09/2018 Position Type: Job Qualifications: Sr. Data Analyst This is a newly created, highly visible role that will support the data analysis needs of Rush University Medical Center. Position Highlights: The Sr. Data Analyst will work with Human Resources leadership to identify and gather necessary data that span operational and strategic needs and will build databases, reports, and visualizations to support those needs. The Sr. Data Analyst will have a direct reporting relationship to the Knowledge Management Team who are the subject matter experts in data access and research data requests, and a dotted-line reporting relationship with the Human Resources Team. Position Responsibilities: Gather business/data requirements from business owners and collaborate on the best way to design analyses based on the Analyst's knowledge of available systems. Acts as interface between Human Resources and IT to determine feasibility, timelines, and cost of date requests. Uses third party software tools and data warehouse in development of queries and visualizations. Creates data marts using the enterprise IT architecture. Participates in analytics-based quality improvement projects that leverage data collected from the ERP system to assess outcomes. Works with statisticians and mathematicians to design predictive models using statistical and machine learning methods that will predict outcomes. Develops analytic data sets and uses statistical software (SAS or R) to analyze data sets as requested by departmental faculty. Produces reports that facilitate evidence-based decisions. Works with Human Resources and Knowledge Management team to develop new data queries and toolsets. Member of the IT business intelligence/knowledge management team at Rush. Maintains peer relationship and collaborative knowledge exchange with IT counterparts. Position Qualifications Include: Bachelor's degree (Master's preferred) in information science, computer science, or equivalent technical experience is required. Three years of experience in statistical software (e.g. SAS or R), with data science experience preferred. Some experience in the human resources and/or healthcare setting preferred. Familiarity with ERP information systems preferred. Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills. Demonstrated proficiency writing SQL stored procedures or queries. Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Able to prioritize and multi-task to manage expectations of multiple stakeholders. Able to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy. Effectively adapts to rapid changes in project or data requirements, priorities, and changing directions. Expertise with data and analytics tools. Expertise with Business Objects Enterprise portfolio of products, Microsoft Business intelligence tools, Tableau, or Crystal Report desired. Experience querying and analyzing data with SQL programming language or equivalent tools. Experience with Epic a plus. Experience with financial /claims data a plus. Command on the tools below is required: Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau client, SSIS package development using Visual Studio, PL/SQL Developer, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 and above, Pragmatic Works (BI Xpress) Familiarity with Big Data tools and languages such as Microsoft Azure, Hadoop, Spark, R, Python. Company Highlights: Rush is an academic health system comprising Rush University Medical Center, Rush Copley Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital. Ranked among the top 20 best places to work in healthcare by Indeed. Rush has been named one of the 100 Top Hospitals in the country by Truven Health Analytics three times. Ranked among the top 20 best places to work in healthcare by Indeed. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. Sr. Data Analyst This is a newly created, highly visible role that will support the data analysis needs of Rush University Medical Center. Position Highlights: The Sr. Data Analyst will work with Human Resources leadership to identify and gather necessary data that span operational and strategic needs and will build databases, reports, and visualizations to support those needs. The Sr. Data Analyst will have a direct reporting relationship to the Knowledge Management Team who are the subject matter experts in data access and research data requests, and a dotted-line reporting relationship with the Human Resources Team. Position Responsibilities: Gather business/data requirements from business owners and collaborate on the best way to design analyses based on the Analyst's knowledge of available systems. Acts as interface between Human Resources and IT to determine feasibility, timelines, and cost of date requests. Uses third party software tools and data warehouse in development of queries and visualizations. Creates data marts using the enterprise IT architecture. Participates in analytics-based quality improvement projects that leverage data collected from the ERP system to assess outcomes. Works with statisticians and mathematicians to design predictive models using statistical and machine learning methods that will predict outcomes. Develops analytic data sets and uses statistical software (SAS or R) to analyze data sets as requested by departmental faculty. Produces reports that facilitate evidence-based decisions. Works with Human Resources and Knowledge Management team to develop new data queries and toolsets. Member of the IT business intelligence/knowledge management team at Rush. Maintains peer relationship and collaborative knowledge exchange with IT counterparts. Position Qualifications Include: Bachelor's degree (Master's preferred) in information science, computer science, or equivalent technical experience is required. Three years of experience in statistical software (e.g. SAS or R), with data science experience preferred. Some experience in the human resources and/or healthcare setting preferred. Familiarity with ERP information systems preferred. Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills. Demonstrated proficiency writing SQL stored procedures or queries. Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Able to prioritize and multi-task to manage expectations of multiple stakeholders. Able to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy. Effectively adapts to rapid changes in project or data requirements, priorities, and changing directions. Expertise with data and analytics tools. Expertise with Business Objects Enterprise portfolio of products, Microsoft Business intelligence tools, Tableau, or Crystal Report desired. Experience querying and analyzing data with SQL programming language or equivalent tools. Experience with Epic a plus. Experience with financial /claims data a plus. Command on the tools below is required: Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau client, SSIS package development using Visual Studio, PL/SQL Developer, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 and above, Pragmatic Works (BI Xpress) Familiarity with Big Data tools and languages such as Microsoft Azure, Hadoop, Spark, R, Python. Company Highlights: Rush is an academic health system comprising Rush University Medical Center, Rush Copley Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital. Ranked among the top 20 best places to work in healthcare by Indeed. Rush has been named one of the 100 Top Hospitals in the country by Truven Health Analytics three times. Ranked among the top 20 best places to work in healthcare by Indeed. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.