Job Description IBM Research is seeking a semiconductor process integration Engineer to explore and evaluate technologies for future computing systems. The successful applicant will pioneer process and technology innovations to build future computing systems. Day to day responsibilities include designing and executing experiments to fabricate and characterize advanced semiconductor materials and devices for high performance and low operating voltage applications and collaborating with the process, integration, device, circuit, and systems communities. This role provides the opportunity to join a world class team responsible for defining and delivering future CMOS technology nodes using a state of the art research lab. It also provides the freedom to work on leading edge technologies in new areas during their earliest stages. The World is Our Laboratory: No matter where discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 2 years of experience with advanced semiconductor processing At least 2 years of experience with advanced semiconductor integration Basic understanding of advanced semiconductor materials Basic understanding of the scaling limits of advanced CMOS technology Basic understanding of the device physics of advanced CMOS technology Preferred Tech and Prof Experience At least 2 years of Back End of Line Integration Experience At least 2 years experience with MOSFETs At least 2 years experience in characterizing FET devices EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.