Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States 6K8CP1 The Boeing Chinook H47 Systems Safety Engineering team is seeking a candidate to perform systems safety engineering and analyses in the Ridley Park, PA office. The selected candidate will have an exciting opportunity to work with an experienced team of system safety professionals and grow their knowledge of military rotorcraft systems. As a system safety engineer the candidate will experience the big picture when it comes to defense operations and witness the complexities of the defense industry life-cycle from conceptual development through design, as well as test and into sustainment. The successful candidate will apply an interdisciplinary, collaborative approach to assist with: Analyses, design, development and verification of a lifecycle balanced system of systems and system solutions. Assists with an interdisciplinary, collaborative approach to assist with analyses, design, development and verification of a lifecycle balanced system of systems and system solutions. Assists with analyses to evaluate customer/operational needs to define system performance requirements, integrate technical parameters and assure compatibility of all physical, functional and program interfaces. Assists with various analyses to optimize total system of systems and/or system architecture. Assists with analyses for affordability, safety, reliability, maintainability, testability, human systems integration, survivability, vulnerability, susceptibility, system security, regulatory, certification, product assurance and other specialties quality factors into a preferred configuration to ensure mission successes to evaluates customer/operational needs to define system performance requirements, integrate technical parameters and assure compatibility of all physical, functional and program interfaces. Assists with various analyses to optimize total system of systems and/or system architecture. Assists with analyses for affordability, safety, reliability, maintainability, testability, human systems integration, survivability, vulnerability, susceptibility, system security, regulatory, certification, product assurance and other specialties quality factors into a preferred configuration to ensure mission success. With close supervision, enters and retrieves data to and from the system safety database/tracking system.Supports project lead by compiling status on selected tasks within the safety plan. Gathers data for the Safety Lead in support of risk assessments. Performs limited risk assessment on subsystems with close supervision from the Safety Lead. Supports preparation of written system safety, risk and training material for presentation to employees, management, customers and regulatory agencies. Under direct supervision, prepares system safety documentation. With close supervision, compiles requirements identified by senior engineers and supports requirements verification and validation. Gathers data for the Safety Lead in support of safety analysis. With close supervision from, identifies, analyzes and controls hardware and software hazards. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Typical Education/Experience: Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Bachelor degree or higher from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Must demonstrate the ability to communicate well and work within a team environment with first time quality. Proficiency in default Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) is required. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience with rotorcraft product and product support is highly desired Experience providing briefings to senior and/or executive level management is highly desired Yes, 10 % of the Time Vertical Lift Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company