The Location: Virtual, NY, Virginia, NJ or Colorado The Team: The Compute and Cloud Operations team is responsible to develop infrastructure architecture and standards for deployments in SP Global data centers in collaboration with the SP Global business and service providers to ensure the delivery of services is predictable and of high quality at the right cost. The team is also responsible to ensure public cloud operations delivers on a predictable, scalable, secure and easy to use environment. The Impact: The Infrastructure Architect for Cloud Operations is a critical role responsible for the technology that drives the SP Global public cloud operations and its associated private cloud environment, automation, provisioning, orchestration and overall service. This role is also responsible for the compute architecture of any systems and solutions delivered in the environment, globally. What’s in it for you: This role presents a unique opportunity to drive the public cloud operations strategy as well as infrastructure solutions for the entire company across all divisions. This role offers the right candidate a ground floor opportunity to build new systems and deliver new technology to modernize the company’s environment. It also provides the opportunity to deliver a hybrid cloud environment and play a very influential role on how the private cloud interfaces with public cloud providers. Responsibilities: Serves as the senior most technical member of the Technology organization, providing guidance and setting direction for architectural and development activities Works with both onsite and remote teams to ensure that high-quality solutions are delivered in a timely fashion Performs proof-of-concept work such as evaluating software frameworks and solutions that may provide value to the team Works ahead of the teams in terms of planning and architecting solutions, while documenting findings and transitioning work to the development teams for production implementation Develops and delivers long-term strategic goals for technology architecture vision and standards in conjunction with Service Provider(s), data users, department managers, clients, and other key stakeholders. Creates short-term tactical solutions to achieve long-term objectives and an overall technology management roadmap. Develops and maintains architectural governance, stewardship, and frameworks for managing technology across the organization. Basic Qualifications: Deep technical understanding of architecture and engineering best practices Ability to work hands-on with technology solutions Experience building distributed architectures Stays up-to-date with IT Operations trends and new best practices Must be effective in working both independently and in a team setting Excellent communication skills, both written and oral are required A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, related field or equivalent experience 10+ years of practical, hands-on experience Experience delivering solutions in a complex, globally distributed infrastructure Expertise with both Linux and Windows technologies and their use in delivering secure, highly available, mission critical enterprise-class solutions Demonstrable experience delivering automation and other optimization techniques to modernize legacy infrastructure Hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis. Excellent technical leader with proven, extensive experience in multiple technical infrastructure design areas and in technology management. Excellent understanding of information processing principles and practices. Solid grounding in core enterprise applications. Excellent technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards. Expert knowledge of infrastructure services. A successful track record in project definition and technical management. Ability to create constructive relationships, influence, and communicate (to project team, IT management, and non-technical staff). Ability to lead complex, cross-functional problem-solving initiatives. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional understanding of the Client’s goals and objectives. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent architecture and technical support documentation skills. Excellent interpersonal and consultative skills. Proven ability to conduct research into emerging technologies and trends, standards, and products as required. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Proven ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Promoting a team-oriented, collaborative environment Preferred Qualifications: Broad technology experience beyond “compute” and demonstrable experience solving complex performance problems that may relate to other areas of technology (e.g. information security, storage, LAN, WAN) Experience delivering solutions in a hybrid cloud environment that spans public clouds and on-premises data centers to virtualize infrastructure and move workloads between environments to meet business objectives Experience in the financial markets a strong benefit Background in varied technologies such as telecommunications, client server architectures, electronic commerce infrastructures, enterprise and workgroup server platforms, Web applications, portals, etc. Advanced degree strongly desired