Job Title: Data Developer – Analytics/Spotfire Location: Austin, TX Reports to: Manager – Data, Analytics & Development Summary/objective: The Data Developer will be working on a variety of projects in the areas business intelligence and data analytics using Spotfire and other reporting tools. The ideal candidate is a creative developer that can think outside of the box, enjoys challenging projects in a fast paced industry. Participates in visualization design, development, ongoing production support, and delivery activities related to data services. Provides expertise on dashboard and reporting solutions that can be leveraged across the organization. Assists in the maintenance of Spotfire environments and related servers. Essential functions: Work as integral member of cross-functional team to gather and document report requirements to meet business needs. Design, develop and test Spotfire reports and dashboards that utilize underlying data warehouse and import files. Prepare comprehensive documentation and ensures timely completion of assigned work. Ensure proper configuration management and change controls are implemented for Reporting Tools. Limits the number of non-standard solutions and escalates with proper documentation when necessary. Collaborates with the Data team and business stakeholders to learn the aspects of the business and develop analytic insight. Knowledge, Skills, and Attributes: Experience administrating, developing and implementing reports and dashboards. Strong knowledge of data warehousing concepts with working experience in SQL Server. Experience with multiple interactive reporting tools. Scripting experience with R or Iron Python is preferred. E&P knowledge or experience preferred. Supervisory responsibilities: None Work Environment: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines _._ Physical Demands: This is largely a sedentary role: However, while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The worker is also required to have close visual acuity for viewing a computer terminal, reading, transcribing, and preparing and analyzing data and figures. Position type and expected hours of work: This is a full-time position, and typical work hours are Monday-Friday 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. or 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Some flexibility in hours is allowed, but the employee must be available during the “core” work hours. After hours and On-Call support rotations may be required. Travel: Minimal to no travel expected in this position. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor Degree preferably in MIS, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field with at least five years Business Intelligence experience. Five years’ experience with Tibco Spotfire in a development and administration capacity. Affirmative action plan/equal employer opportunity (AAP/EEO) statement: Parsley Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants will be afforded equal opportunity without discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin or ancestry, age, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, or an unfavorable discharge from military service. Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Other duties, responsibilities and activities may change or be assigned at any time with or without notice