Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Portland, OR, USA The Google Cloud team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google Cloud Platform including Google’s global network, premier data centers, cloud infrastructure and software tools. You are a Solution Architect: an engineer with deep knowledge of distributed system design and cloud computing to provide solutions and guidance to make it easier for customers and partners to successfully understand and use our cloud platform. You'll excel in this role if you have a broad knowledge of IT infrastructure and software engineering, excellent verbal and written communication skills, and are able to effectively balance multiple complex projects. A core responsibility is to work with our customers and our engineering teams to produce secure and scalable technical solutions and distribute them via different channels, including technical white papers, open-source repositories, webinars, videos, blogs, and live presentations. Your passion for technology, learning, and solving problems, along with your enthusiasm for working with customers will empower a diverse audience of decision makers to embrace the Google Cloud to build what’s next for their businesses. As a member of this dynamic, exciting team, you will use your expertise in cloud technology to communicate directly with businesses of all types to help them seamlessly adopt Google products and solutions wherever they are on their cloud journey. You will continuously explore and experiment with our advanced suite of products, partner tools, and third party applications to build and deploy cloud solutions that address customer use cases, all the while sharing valuable feedback with our product teams as you develop complex architectures, standard methodologies, and key strategies. As a Solution Architect with a core focus on Big Data you will work extensively with customers to help solve their data related challenges. You should have practical knowledge and experience with the technologies and techniques involved in handling data at scale in both operational and analytical contexts. You should also be able to articulate cloud patterns that improve a customer's ability to reliably work with their data and help them extract the most value from their data assets. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Facilitate deep technical discussions with customers, partners, and Googlers. Provide customer and market feedback to product and engineering teams to help define product direction. Provide domain expertise around public cloud and enterprise technology; effectively promote Google Cloud with customers, at conferences, and online. Support account managers and sales engineering teams as needed through all phases of new customer engagement. Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog posts, sample code, and presentations adapted to technical, business, and executive partners. Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related engineering field or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with cloud computing, including infrastructure, storage, platforms and data management or 4 years of experience with traditional enterprise data-center technologies, including relational databases, storage appliances, virtual machines, and private networks. Experience with the cloud market, industry analysis and enterprise technology sales. Experience producing technical assets or writing technical documentation. Ability to travel as required by role (up to 30%). Preferred qualifications: MS degree in Computer Science, related engineering field or equivalent work experience in a software/systems engineering or lead position. 5 years of direct experience working with a variety of enterprise and cloud technology systems; designing solutions or developing business applications. Experience in the business technology market; expertise working closely with sales/marketing teams in cloud computing or related technical fields. Deep understanding of the current state of infrastructure automation, continuous integration/deployment, SQL/NoSQL, security, networking, and cloud-based delivery models. Ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to a broad range of audiences. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.