The Warehouse/Distribution Technician role is intended to lead or participate in clinical supplies warehousing activities for the Great Valley, Clinical Supply Chain Operation Department. These activities include but are not limited to: receiving, dispensing, annual physical inventory, distribution order entry, transfers, shipping, return management, destruction and general maintenance of the warehouse. This role must ensure work is completed on-time to standards described in the cGMPs and departmental procedures. The incumbent is required to work with general supervision. He/she must be able to ensure work of self and others is in compliance to established procedures and policies. The incumbent must accurately document information relative to warehousing and distribution of clinical supply operations. The incumbent is required to identify and report deviations and problems to management and must assist in conducting investigations, assessment of options and implementation of solutions in order to maintain a fully compliant operation. Further details of activities include (but not limited to): Effective and fully-compliant use of the Inventory Tracking System for all aspects of inventory control and warehousing activities. Participate in inventory verification (annual, ad-hoc or on demand) for all inventoried material, particularly; drug product, semi-packaged material and finished investigational product. Preparation, review and adherence to standard operating procedures (SOPs), policies and regulations. Responsible for assisting and training staff in the warehouse/distribution as needed. Maintain order entry of shipments into the Distribution/Inventory Management System(s) including but not limited to: order entry and verification, maintaining site and/or depot addresses, attaching documentation as defined by operational procedures, transitioning the site to the appropriate shipping status, selecting and approving the appropriate kits and entering all shipping information into the appropriate data bases. Knowledge and Skills Required Must be able to follow complex written and verbal instructions. Good oral and written communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills. Must possess ability to work with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. Must be able to work independently and also in a team environment. Must have the ability to read, especially small and repetitive text patterns and the ability to follow numeric sequences and perform accurate counting. Must be capable of performing repetitive motions and lifting small to medium sized loads of up to 50 pounds. Incumbent must possess general computer literacy. High school diploma or equivalent is required. Must have a minimum of one year of experience in the Pharmaceutical industry. Must be familiar with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and/or standard procedures for a pharmaceutical packaging, manufacturing or warehousing/distribution operations. Ability to work independently, pick up tasks quickly, multi-task/prioritize in a dymanic timeline driven organization. Knowledge and Skills Desirable but not Essential Knowledge of Clinical Packaging, Warehouse or Distribution Trained in IATA and CFR49 Compliance TSA Certification for Transportation Forklift Certified Proficiency in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel Sanofi Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; creed; religion; national origin; age; ancestry; nationality; marital, domestic partnership or civil union status; sex, gender, gender identity or expression; affectional or sexual orientation; disability; veteran or military status or liability for military status; domestic violence victim status; atypical cellular or blood trait; genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing) or any other characteristic protected by law. GD-SA LI-SA Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human health. We prevent illness with vaccines, provide innovative treatments to fight pain and ease suffering. We stand by the few who suffer from rare diseases and the millions with long-term chronic conditions. With more than 100,000 people in 100 countries, Sanofi is transforming scientific innovation into healthcare solutions around the globe. Sanofi, Empowering Life