Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: . Job Description: We are creating a world where 'payments' is synonymous with PayPal. The PayPal Platform is a suite of web services, which are used by internal and external developers to enable payments anytime, anywhere and anyway. The Platform processes billions of requests each month, and enables PayPal and its partners to rapidly innovate on new payment scenarios and enable new experiences. Therefore, the evolution of the Platform is integral to PayPal’s long-term strategy. We are looking for a Strong engineer with distributed systems background focused at building a hybrid cloud platform for PayPal. Responsibilities: You will implement next generation cloud platforms in a hybrid cloud setting to support PayPal business teams to scale their applications that serve millions of customers worldwide and process billions of dollars in payments. You will drive solutions and implementation leveraging different open source distributed systems, drive its adoption and deliver a complete product. You will build creative, brand new solutions from scratch. Preferred Qualifications: First experience in building massively scalable high performance services. Excellent problem solving skills. Ability to identify Performance bottlenecks. Contribution in open source projects a plus. Experience in building highly available platforms running in production handling no downtime rollouts. Requirements: BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science or a related field Experience in go or python. Experience in Java or C/C++. Expertise in shell scripting. Strong Linux systems knowledge. Knowledge in docker. Deep understanding and working knowledge on any one of these systems: Zookeeper/etcd/consul Working knowledge on any one of these cluster managers: Mesos/kubernetes/docker swarm. Mesos is a plus. Strong understanding of fundamental distributed system principles. Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.