The Office 365 Administrator Developer is in integral role in the road-map for Centrica's strategy for delivering the "Digital Workforce". The role will provide the following ares of support and subject matter expertise: Office 365 (SPO, Power Apps, Flow, CDM, Data Gateway, Azure AD Connect), SharePoint On- Prem, Microsoft MIM, and similar. This role will also provide development services leveraging modern patterns and practices for the cloud. Minor Enhancements and project support regular responsibilities Accountabilities Technical Support Ensures the uptime and reliability of Corporate applications. Responsible for backup support of SharePoint - admin, solutions design, composite, and business requirement development. Handle all Help Desk tickets and requests per Service Level Agreements. Responsible for incident response, problem determination, and break/fix support. Provide application and technical expertise to other IS groups and business users regarding the applications supported. Proactively monitor and report on application performance and other key metrics. Make recommendations to management and business owners to improve the application functionality, reliability, and usability. Responsible for system integrations between business systems. Conduct application and systems development tasks, as assigned. Projects and Change Requests Provide Subject Matter Expertise to project and change request stakeholders. Attend and contribute in planning and implementation meetings. Handle all project and change request tasks as per deadlines given. Operational Responsibilities Provides technical assistance for the development, design, and systems integration of corporate applications. Assists management to execute the strategic roadmap to meet corporate goals through technology and services. Applies knowledge of industry trends to improve service to our customers. Support the planning, implementation and support for projects and change requests by providing expertise related to application support. Responsible for meeting SLA targets, creating reports for application performance, support effectiveness, and making recommendations to increase application availability and customer satisfaction. Interact directly with Vendors and 3rd Parties on an on-going basis. After-hours on-call availability on a rotational basis. Systems and application implementations are managed based on the application requirements. Maintain and develop all documentation related to applications supported. Leadership and Teamwork Champions the promotion of application support excellence by fostering a partnership with stakeholders. Works well within a team oriented environment and acts as a lead for assigned applications. Setting the example for others by promoting and practicing leadership behaviours. Business Development Engage with the business to identify and understand changing business requirements to manage the impact on service delivery and application needs. Competencies and Qualifications Competencies Office 365 Subject Matter Expert (inc. Power-Apps, Flow, Power BI, Etc.) SharePoint 2013 administration and support InfoPath 2013, SharePoint Designer 2013 Working knowledge of PowerShell, REST, XML, SOAP, JSON, HTML. ASP.NET, C/VB, JAVA Microsoft Visual Studio SQL Server Windows Server 2008/2012, RHEL IIS 7 and Web Server Administration Operating knowledge of ITILv3, Agile, and SDLC. ServiceNow experience is a plus Project Management experience is a plus Experience working directly with vendors and managing the day to day relationship Excellent written and verbal communication skills PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ' Apply ' button. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the ‘Apply’ button. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required.