The Quality Assurance Manager’s role is to develop, improve, and report the status of the organization’s Quality Management System (QMS) to senior management, to establish organizational quality assurance standards, and coordinate Quality Assurance activities with project managers. This will include assessing nonconformance trends, reviewing and approving project quality plans, reporting the status of the QMS to senior management, and resolving customer and supplier issues. The QA Manager will apply their extensive experience of quality systems and process improvement techniques to methodically plan Quality Assurance activities at the project and organizational level in order to maximize the benefit of business initiatives. Conduct internal compliance/process audits to measure and assure adherence to established QA standards for Software Development Life Cycle, project management, and external requirements (e.g., ISO9001/AS9100/CMMI v1.3). Develop, establish, and approve of quality assurance measures and plans to control Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes in accordance with DoD CDRL and DID requirements. Fulfill all responsibilities assigned to the ISO9001 and AS9100 Quality Assurance Management Representative. Support Process Improvement activities for the organization’s Business Process Improvement team. Manage Quality Engineers and coordinate project Quality activities with Project Managers. Support proposals by reviewing requirements, estimating Quality Assurance time and cost, and describing the organizations capabilities to meet requirements. Report recommendations and alternatives that address existing and potential trouble areas in systems and projects across the organization. Assess the Quality Management System maturity of selected suppliers and provide each supplier a report detailing adherence to ISO9001 or AS9100 and recommendation for improvement to their system. Train personnel to conduct internal and external process audits to verify adherence to ISO9001/AS9100 or CMMI. Review contractual requirements to ensure the organization has the capability to comply with Government requirements and provide alternatives if required. Conduct reliability, Availability, Maintainability (RAM) and Failure Modes Effects Critical Analysis (FMECA) in accordance with DoD CDRL and DID requirements. Audit development/test activities to verify customer requirements and end-user requirements are satisfied, identified or potential issues are documented, and resolutions are conducted in accordance with a closed-loop corrective action process. Cultivate and disseminate knowledge of quality assurance best practices. Required Skills: Degree in Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, or Engineering discipline and a minimum of 5 years as a Quality Manager with proven results. 15 years direct experience in overseeing the development and practical implementation of quality assurance standards for systems development and project management Extensive practical knowledge in quality systems such as ISO9001/AS9100, Project Management Book of Knowledge (PMBOK), and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI). Knowledge of IPC-A-610, IPC-WHMA-620 and J-Std-001 requirements Be able to attain a Government Security Clearance Proficient in training peers and subordinates in Quality practices (e.g., compliance/process auditing, root cause analysis, process mapping, and Quality processes) Highly proficient in value stream mapping with systemic approach to Quality Assurance of organizational and project level business practices Proficient in root cause analysis and problem solving techniques (e.g., Ishikawa, 8D CAR, PDCA) Proven ability to quickly understand an area of operation, value-stream map its interdependencies, and provide logical reasons to implement corrective and/or preventive actions. Proficient in managing customer complaints and resolving supply chain management issues Proficient in utilizing statistical analysis and reporting to manage processes and RAM of systems Strong understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent listening, presentation, and interpersonal skills. Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Advanced Tactical Systems is a leading supplier of tactical command and control systems, communication gateways, data fusion and display systems. It also provides software based applications that deliver enhanced situational awareness in military command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems. Ultra Electronics is a UK-based defense, aerospace, cyber security, energy, and transportation products group. Ultra manages a portfolio of specialist capabilities, generating highly differentiated solutions and products by applying electronic, mechanical, and software technologies in demanding and critical environments to meet customer needs. Please be aware that many of our positions require a security clearance, or the ability to obtain one. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. We offer medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance, health savings accounts, paid time off, and a 401(k) plan with a Company match. Ultra Electronics is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. M/F/D/V Ultra Electronics provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics or gender identity. In addition to federal law requirements, Ultra Electronics complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. If you need an accommodation for any part of the application process, please email careers@ultra-us-gbs.com