Function: The primary function of a Police Telecommunicator is to receive and prioritize Emergency 9-1-1 and non-emergency telephone calls from the public. Enters information into a Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) system, and processes non-emergency and routine requests for police and security services. Dispatch appropriate emergency services such as police, fire and emergency medical services. Monitors public safety units in the field. Retrieves computer data for emergency response personnel within the service area. The Police Telecommunicator may provide alarm and closed circuit television monitoring services while performing multiple tasks concurrently in a fast paced environment maintaining a professional and positive demeanor. Serves as a Campus Security Authority as defined by the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). Scope: Impacts law enforcement and security efforts of UTPD. Minimum Education and Experience High school diploma or equivalent. One year experience in customer service or related field. Basic Texas Commission on Law Enforcement (TCOLE) Telecommunications Operator license or is qualified to acquire a basic license. Preferred Education and Experience Associate’s degree or thirty credit hours in Criminal Justice or related field One year experience in a public safety or emergency communications field Essential Duties and Responsibilities Answers emergency and non-emergency calls for service. Receives and records information, and requests for police/security services in a computerized database. Dispatches field personnel according to need and priority of the request for service. Transmits and receives radio calls from field units via two-way radio. The ability to speak concisely and distinctly. Coordinate and maintain effective communications between field units and neighboring law enforcement agencies. Uses a computer aided dispatch system to enter, research and retrieve information. Monitor closed circuit television, security, fire and radiological related alarm systems. React calmly, quickly and decisively in emergency situations to obtain, summarize and relay information both orally and in written form. Must be able to follow oral and written instructions. Demonstrate the ability to handle multiple tasks, working under stressful conditions. Activation of emergency procedures for evacuations or similar emergencies. Operation of specialized communication networking computer terminal to access confidential and restricted law enforcement information. Compile information from different sources to develop a daily briefing or a log which provides information to assist in the daily operations of the agency. Other duties as assigned. Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information Will be required to work rotating shift assignments on day, evening, and nights with varying days off and on holidays. Subject to emergency recall during various types of unusual occurrences and emergencies. This position requires working in an enclosed, secured communications environment. Applicants must successfully complete a Public-Safety Telecommunication (PST) pre-employment test administered by the Police Department. This position is classified as security-sensitive, and thereby subject to the provisions of Section 51.215, Texas Education Code. Special Instructions Summary