Job Description This Software Engineer position is for a developer with Pega Marketing experience and with a passion for learning new technologies. This position will support the Ford Intelligent Customer Interaction Decisioning application developing machine learning business intelligence capabilities. This project work includes working with a variety of Pega based tools and new technologies. Responsibilities: The Ford Intelligent Customer Interaction Decisioning Application Development team is looking to hire an experienced Pega Marketing Developer to join our project team to: Develop projects using Pega Marketing technologies based on adaptive and predictive modeling Analysis, design, programming, testing and implementation for different Ford Business units Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree 3+ years of application development experience 2+ years of Pega 7 Platform design and development experience 1+ years of Pega Marketing design and development experience 2+ years of JAVA design and development experience Bachelor’s degree Preferred Requirements: Experience working on Marketing and Sales development projects Experience with agile development methodology Experience with RDBMS and Big Data platforms Strong Analytical Skills Strong communication skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, you discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.