Ethos Position Reference EPR003216 Position Title Gas Turbine Performance Engineer Location Houston, TX Job Overview We are currently recruiting for a Gas Turbine Performance Engineer to be based in Houston, TX within our Light Turbines business unit. The purpose of this role is to provide and develop expert capability in the evaluation of gas turbine performance, emission tuning and vibration. The role principally provides direct support to the Light Turbines Houston Test Facility with performance and vibration evaluation of routine production tests; tuning of low emission gas turbines on test; and expert diagnosis and corrective action plans for failed turbines. The role will also provide expert performance and vibration diagnosis and guidance to Field Service technicians both in person and using remote monitoring and diagnostic tools. Job Responsibilities Work as part of the Houston Engineering team and will principally support the Houston test facility Support field service technicians both in-person and using remote monitoring and diagnostic tools. Develop performance and vibration evaluation tools and programs for gas turbines and the associated driven equipment based on sound engineering principles Maintain performance databases so as to develop data models of equipment serviced by Light Turbines Houston Manage performance and vibration acceptance limits Lead the tuning of low emission turbines in the Light Turbines Houston Test Facility and in the field Remain current with and evaluate low emission technologies as government regulations increase and market demands change Provide technical expertise, advice, guidance and corrective action plans in support of equipment performance and testing issues Lead failure investigations using root cause analysis tools and support the execution of the corrective action plans through to completion Participate in process creation and process improvements to optimize product Quality, Velocity and Cost Project manage improvement projects from initiation through to closing using standard project management and reporting tools Author technical reports including performance test and customer reports Comply with company and local HSE requirements through both own actions and through encouraging others. Required Skills / Knowledge Demonstrate good communication skills in terms of being able to provide technical guidance in both written and verbal forms Ability to manage individual projects and to effectively lead small teams towards agreed deliverables Ability to accomplish tasks and to deliver results through theoretical and hands on activities Ability to problem solve and deliver results in a challenging environment with accountability and ownership Strong attention to detail and organisation skills Ability to relate to internal and external customers promoting technical competency and credibility Appreciation of product Quality, Velocity and Cost Motivated to undertaken personal engineering research Acceptance that it may sometimes require working hours beyond the standard working day in order to support both internal and external customer requirements Experience • In-depth understanding of gas turbines overhaul, operation and testing, including performance analysis, combustion tuning and vibration analysis techniques. • In-depth understanding of gas turbines overhaul, operation and testing, including combustion systems, vibration analysis techniques Strong ability to apply theoretical and practical gas turbine performance principles and practices. Familiarity with ISO2314 and PTC22 gas turbine performance calculations or an ability to learn these standards desirable. Ability to apply theoretical and practical combustion tuning principles and practices. Strong ability to apply theoretical and practical vibration analysis principles and practices. Vibration analyst CAT II certification or better desirable. Detailed knowledge of the Solar range of gas turbines very desirable. Familiarity of API 616, 684 and 687 desirable. Demonstrable project management experience desirable. Alternatively experience can include factory acceptance testing or gas turbine commissioning. Education Requirements B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Aerospace Engineering or any other engineering discipline related to the analysis of high speed rotating machinery equipment Physical Requirements Ability to lift 25 pounds and work for extended periods of time on your feet or crouching in enclosed spaces. Some travel will be required. Posting NS