About Us Korn Ferry (KF) is the preeminent global people and organizational advisory firm. We help leaders, organizations and societies succeed by releasing the full power and potential of people. Our nearly 7,000 colleagues deliver services through our Executive Search, Hay Group and Futurestep divisions. The Role Korn Ferry Hay Group’s Advisory Resourcing Associate (RA) will join a growing and centrally managed professional resourcing team. RAs will work closely with the Firm’s internal consulting population across our four solution areas: Assessment & Succession,Leadership Development, Strategy Execution and Rewards & Benefits, to staff and schedule talent for clients and to optimize resource deployment. As a RA, you’ll staff and schedule consultants from Analyst to Senior Client Partner level to deliver client work. Solution assigned analysts will be aligned to one of our four defined solution areas with a lean towards staffing. Our ARM Analyst team members will lean towards scheduling with staff selected from a prescribed list of qualified consultants. Both RA concentrations are critical to our ability to meet client demand. The Resourcing Analysts will also support high volume scheduling of a variety of solutions. The role requires a blend of following complicated multi-step processes, ability to see creative solutions and problem solving in a fast- paced, project-driven environment. This is an individual contributor role reporting into an Advisory Resourcing Manager. Locations vary and are typically in our larger, centrally located offices. Travel is minimal with most meetings happening virtually. Hay Group’s ARM operates as cohesive and global team providing a strong, engaged and supportive professional resourcing network. Everyone on the team is responsible for helping to establish our internal and external brand through: Teaming : Appreciate that resourcing is a team sport; success depends on collaboration, trust, responsivity, reliability, feedback, helping, humor and having fun Elevating : Understand that building the ARM brand is a significant component of this new function requiring high standards of care and professionalism internally and with Advisory Improving : Perform to SLAs for the function and establish best practices in team processes; get involved in initiating, supporting, and leading internal initiatives Focusing : Follow internal processes for documentation of activities (e.g., JIRA, PSA, OneNote, time entry, leave coverage, handoffs, 24hr responses with updates thereafter, etc.) Appreciating : Never passing up the opportunity to recognize the work of your fellow ARM team members Communicating : Communicate with consultants and PMO colleagues in their language finding the balance between brevity and sufficient detail while demonstrating you understand the work Key Accountabilities ARM Solution Assignment – Resourcing Analysts adopting a Solution Focused role will be asked to engage with the business in several distinct ways. Concentration: Reporting to an Advisory Resourcing Manager Solution Partner, your work will be focused on contributing to the staffing within that solution area across a defined scope of offerings. Support: You will support the Solution Leader with activities that add value to your solution team and your understanding of the solution area and consultant pool. This may include analyzing best fit talent for client projects, staffing and/or scheduling a wide variety of solution specific projects and communicating the project details and expectations to the consultants. Additionally, it may include pulling consultant bios, gathering information for RFPs, reviewing consultant bandwidth to ensure peaks and valleys on calendars are filled, attending consultant Get to Know You calls and solution focused Communities of Practice meetings, helping consultants find meaningful and engaging work, etc. Understanding our Business – being able to speak smartly about our business context, challenges and opportunities positions you as a partner and an asset to Advisory Project Cycle: Knowledge of project delivery cycles, billable hours, time entry, etc Utilization : Awareness of utilization metrics and how scheduling and staffing decisions can affect the results of our consultants. Knowing where to find utilization data to aid your staffing and scheduling decisions. Talent : Acquaintance with the consultants that you schedule and staff with the ability to identify themes in staffing challenges due to shortage of signed off resources or office specific constraints Solutions : Continuous learning about Advisory’s solutions and how they impact staffing and scheduling differently. Clients: Understand your internal clients and key stakeholders, what they need and how we are helping them (e.g., reach out campaigns, suggested scheduling and resourcing process, specific client SLAs, data for RFPs, upcoming availability and pipeline, etc.) Structure : Continuous learning about the organizational matrix (solutions, markets, geos, lines of business, internal functions) Global : Appreciate the differences and tailor your approach appropriately when working across different regions, time zones, cultures and work styles Ensuring Success – following team protocol and ARM Service Level Agreements (SLA) Security: Following all internal requirements including region specific requirements for accessing and/or storing personal identifying information Timing : Respond within 24 hrs. of the requests, or re-direct the request immediately to the appropriate colleague or team who can help. Communication : Concise, business appropriate communication in both written and phone communications Education : Provide continuous education of colleagues around the scope of the Resource Analyst services and best way to engage the team. Knowledge: Understanding the global scope of the ARM team, how they interconnect, what they each support and where to direct solution specific or geo specific requests quickly. Skills & Experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent additional experience 2+ years of logistics coordination/event planning/staffing experience, especially calendar management of multiple people in remote locations High attention to detail Strong customer service focus Ability to be adaptable and manage stress in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment Ability to build and foster relationships with cross-functional and remote teams, at all levels of the organization, both internally and externally Ability to influence without authority Advanced proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite (including Outlook, Excel, and Access)with the ability to quickly learn new systems Other Scheduling – the operational aspects of scheduling within Advisory are critical in our ability to provide a smooth, error-free experience. Scheduling responsibilities may differ per solution area. Client Communications : Follow all client communication SLAs. Use agreed upon client templates for communication where available otherwise communicate in clear, business appropriate language. Knowledge : Understand the need fully in the context of the client/solution Manage : Managing client team expectations through appropriate information sharing and education Collaborate : Work in close partnership with the ARM team, as well as the PMO, Business Developers and our consulting colleagues Working with Sales and Delivery Consultants – knowing the sales/delivery consultants Delivery : Work with delivery consultants to address schedule conflicts or gaps in their calendars. Connect with appropriate RM to gain insight into new consultants that work on the type of projects you schedule or staff. Enablement : Familiarize yourself with the enablement processes, who is in the pipeline to be signed of and who is interested in learning new work. Sales : Timely responses to inquiries and ability to describe the RA role and value proposition. Understanding the types of projects being sold, who the sellers are in your solution space and how to engage with them. Onboarding : Education and induction to scheduling and staffing practices and the importance of calendar maintenance. Learn – our business is continuously evolving – to be knowledgeable about the business context it is important to stay informed and educated Training : Identify opportunities where you can participate in or shadow consultant training programs as they become available in your offices/regions; watch relevant know-it sessions, read relevant solution related white papers, attend town halls and investor calls Feedback : Ask for feedback from your ARM colleagues, managers and importantly, your consultants – seek a continuous improvement approach to learning and serving Advisory Development : Look for opportunities for development within the work environment (e.g.,shadowing consultants in the office, shadowing an engagement, asking questions about the work and the client, etc.) Ask : Escalate challenges, brainstorm alternatives, and ask for help as it presents an opportunity to learn