Summary _Public Health - Seattle & King County values diverse perspectives and life experiences. The Department encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities and veterans._ The Administrative Specialist II will provide specialized technical, program- specific information that requires limited interpretation of established policies, procedures and other relevant sources to internal and/or external customers over the telephone, in writing and/or in person. Some employees may have to deal with sensitive and/or potentially volatile situations. This position will also perform office support activities in high volume medical practice as part of the Jail Health Services Health Information Management (HIM) team. Who May Apply: This Career Service position is open to all King County employees and the general public who meet the qualifications listed below. List established via this recruitment will be used to fill one Career Service position and one Term-Limited Temporary (TLT). This recruitment may also be used to fill vacancies as they occur in the near future. If you are a non- probationary King County Career Service employee, you must have approval from your current supervisor in order to accept this position as a special duty assignment. The term-limited temporary position is expected to last through the end of December 2018, with a possibility of extension . Work Location: This position's primary work location is King County Correctional Facility, 500 Fifth Avenue, Seattle, WA. Secondary work location will be Maleng Regional Justice Center, 620 W James Street, Kent, WA. Work Schedule: The schedule for the career service position is Wednesday – Sunday, 2:00 pm – 10:30 pm. Differential pay of an additional $0.50 per hour for hours worked between 5:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. and $0.75 for hours worked between 10:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. will be given. This position is overtime eligible and may be required to work evenings, holidays and weekends as needed. The schedule for the TLT position varies. Contact: For more information about the application process please contact Taniya Rai at Taniya.Rai@kingcounty.gov EXAMPLES OF DUTIES Triage a high volume of telephone calls from the general public seeking information on inmates. Provide specialized and/or technical program-specific information that requires limited interpretation of established policies, procedures and other relevant sources to internal and external customers over the telephone, in writing and in person. May deal with sensitive and /or potentially volatile situations. Utilize Windows-based software and electronic health records. Scan health information into an electronic health record system (EPIC®). Accurately enter data into multiple databases that includes complex text and numbers and medical terminology. Identify and correct errors to ensure scanning accuracy and to generate statistics. Open, sort, and distribute mail. Attend and take minutes at meetings. Maintain calendars for supervisor and /or program resources. Assist clients with complaints and follow up on client concerns. Maintain adequate supplies for healthcare services in facility as part of the Supply/Ops team. Participate as member of Jail Health Services Health Information Management (HIM) Team in meetings and help implement clinic flow adjustments, program changes and new procedures. This position is part of Jail Health Services HIM team and will be cross-trained to fill in for multiple clerical/admin support positions as needed. QUALIFICATIONS Computer skills including proficiency in a Windows environment, and the ability to use drop down menus, point and click software, multiple screens and the ability to enter data with at least 85% accuracy and a minimum of 3000 keystrokes per hour. Applicants will be tested on these skills. Ability to use word processing and spreadsheet software to complete assigned clerical tasks. Applicants will be tested on these skills. Knowledge of appropriate physical standards for computer work, including appropriate seating, arm and/or wrist positioning. Ability to demonstrate knowledge of basic accounting and mathematics. Ability to demonstrate knowledge of proper English grammar, usage and spelling. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Ability to follow oral and written instructions and follow through on assignments as directed. Ability to maintain confidentiality on sensitive matters. Ability to communicate in a pleasant, non-judgmental, respectful, culturally sensitive manner under varying levels of stress (this may include high levels of noise, limited resources, etc.). Ability to demonstrate customer service skills – in person and via telephone (discretion, patience, etiquette and professionalism. Ability to use a multi-line telephone system as well as other office equipment including: TDD machine, fax machine, copiers, scanner, label maker, and printers. Ability to gain functional knowledge of medical terminology. Ability to work independently and in an organized manner. Ability to handle difficult interpersonal interactions with discretion and diplomacy. Ability to push, pull or move items greater than 30 pounds, with or without accommodations. Ability to reach above head, kneel, bend, stoop, push cart and navigate throughout a multi-story building using stairs and to walk greater than 300 yards for up to six hours a day. Ability to prioritize and complete multiple tasks simultaneously. Ability to work with interpreters and English as Second Language (ESL) clients. Ability to navigate freely throughout EPIC® and other electronic health record systems. OR: Any equivalent combination of experience and education which provides the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge and ability required to perform the work. Desired Qualifications: Experience working in a correctional facility. Experience using an electronic health record system. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Your application materials must validate your answers to the supplemental questions. If your answers cannot be validated, you will not proceed to the next steps of the process. The selected candidate will be required to pass a thorough background investigation. An offer of employment will be contingent on passing a pre- employment physical exam and must maintain security clearance. This selection process may include but is not limited to: evaluation of application materials and supplemental questions, testing and interviewing. For more information on our selection process, please refer to http://www.metrokc.gov/health/about/hiring.htm Public Health relies on office automation (Microsoft Office) and web-based enabled tools, therefore candidates must be proficient and comfortable with computer use to perform functions associated with on-going work. Employees are required to adhere to OSHA/WISHA guidelines including but not limited to completing their mandatory trainings on time and obtaining required immunizations. Regular and reliable attendance, effective communication skills, and development of effective working relationships are requirements of all Public Health positions. Additional Information: Employees are required to protect the privacy and security of protected health information as defined in State and Federal Law. Staff may be required to play an active role in the event of a public health emergency, which may include changes in responsibilities and working hours. If you need a disability accommodation in the application or testing process, please call the contact number listed on the job announcement. Union Affiliation: Positions in this classification are represented by the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, Local 17. This still doesn't describe "Who can apply", it describes benefits. E.g. This Career Services position is open to all King County employees and the general public who meet the qualifications listed below.