_This job posting is for Information Technology intern candidates only. Other submissions will not be reviewed or considered._ Information Technology Services Summer Intern As a LyondellBasell IT Services (ITS) Summer Intern, you will participate in our structured Information Technology Services (ITS) College Internship Program. The program has been designed to expose the student to multiple disciplines of information technology within a large enterprise over a condensed, 10 to 12-week period during the summer. There are three different information technology summer internship roles at LyondellBasell, as outlined below. Every effort will be made to align your degree plan and career desires to an internship that will incrementally advance your education and promote your career aspirations. All roles are challenging and are a true representation of your future career in information technology. ITS Security Technologist Intern The IT Services Security Technologist Intern will rotate through different Information Protection, Architecture and Compliance (IPAC) groups within our IT Services (ITS) Security organization over the course of the summer internship program. In the ITS Security organization, the intern will acquire hands-on experience in conducting internal ITS audits and supporting various ITS compliance team initiatives as outlined below. The intern will also work with management in a different ITS organization, Infrastructure, and will assist the Systems and Platforms team in different areas of Security Foundation. The IT Services Security Technologist Intern will have the opportunity to develop basic skills and gain an understanding of professional and departmental standards. Position Overview Master technologies, techniques and practices within the ITS Operations Desktop and Server Construction group (user facing security operations). Successfully complete LyondellBasell basic forensic processes (legal hold and investigation requests). Assist in the development, automation and delivery of security related metrics reports. Participate and support SIEM log analysis, incident detection and mitigation scripting Provide support to the business in helping them to understand the risks, the priorities and the remediation recommendations. Assist IPAC in performing audits as part of their annual ITS audit plan and assist in assessing whether controls are in compliance with ISO27001, Sarbanes-Oxley 404 and other regulations. Meet with employees in other parts of the company to understand the function being audited, preparing audit work papers and participating in team projects. Complete challenging assignments as they arise in the ITS Operations enterprise computing foundational group (security standards in computing equipment). Will be assigned to and work with IPAC organization mentors to assist in key projects and initiatives. Participate in cyber security events Help drive process standardization and proactively recommend improvements. Qualifications Working toward a Bachelor's degree in CS, CIS, CE, MIS or other business-related finance, economics or engineering fields Overall GPA of 3.0 or greater Knowledge of MS Office tools (Office 365, Outlook, Excel & Word. SharePoint and Visio helpful) 2 or more years of prior work experience preferred Has an interest in specializing in Information Protection and/or Security Compliance Has an interest in potentially earning a future MBA Demonstrated analytical skills with an ability to think broadly across systems Exceptional organizational and interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation Willingness to work in an ambiguous environment and tolerant to iterative work processes Must be highly self-sufficient and able to make self-directed decisions as well as support other team members in the department Demonstrated thirst for knowledge and personal growth Requirements Must be at least 18 years of age Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without requiring sponsorship for employment visa status ____________________________________ ITS Business Analyst Intern The ITS Business Analyst Intern will concentrate on the design, automation and integration of one or more business processes to create value through productivity gains, improved business performance and improved decision support. The Intern will collaborate between ITS and one or more other LyondellBasell business groups for the purpose of achieving sustained improvements. P osition Overview Participate in day-to-day support activities of your assigned ITS Client Business Solutions demand organization (Corporate Services, Supply Chain and Commercial, Manufacturing) Work with your Host Manager and assigned team members to assist a key project or initiative Attend all team and project and safety meetings If available, participate in technology and vendor reviews and assessments for new technologies Consult with other experienced Analysts, Leads and Project Managers to understand stakeholder impacts resulting from process and technology changes. Document procedures for new initiatives; present that documentation to team leads and management Conduct all activities in compliance with corporate and Information Technology Services policies, guidelines, procedures, work processes and internal controls Drive standardization and proactively recommend improvements Accept responsibility for assigned tasks and maintenance; ensure that all issues are tracked and resolved Qualifications Working toward a Bachelor’s degree in a MIS, CIS, CS, CT, CECN or other business-related field Overall GPA of 3.0 or greater Knowledge of MS Office tools (Office 365, Outlook, Excel & Word. SharePoint and Visio helpful) Excellent interpersonal, customer service, and communication skills Skilled at managing multiple tasks and academic projects effectively, engaging in conflict resolution and routinely interacting in cross-functional groups Effective at transferring newly learned technical knowledge within a small group or larger team Prior working experience preferred Requirements Must be at least 18 years of age Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without requiring sponsorship for employment visa status ____________________________________ ITS Technologist Intern The ITS Technologist Intern will concentrate on a technology operations, infrastructure and service delivery track which will include one or more areas of Network Operations, Enterprise Servers and Storage, Infrastructure Application Deployment, Datacenter Operations, Voice and Video, Mobility, End User Computing, Packaging and Application Development and Support. You will experience working with the industry’s leading technology companies including, but may not be limited to Microsoft, SAP, VM Ware, HP and Lenovo to name a view. Position Overview Participate in day-to-day support activities of your assigned team Work with your Host Manager and assigned staff member(s) to assist a key project or initiative Attend all team, project and safety meetings Actively participate in scheduled maintenance activities to ensure systems and infrastructure reliability, utilizing best practices and other methodologies to improve work process performance and results If available, participate in technology and vendor reviews and assessments for new technology Under guidance of management, execute established operational work processes and procedures to support and maintain information technology systems and infrastructure Consult with experienced technologists to understand stakeholder impacts resulting from technology change Work with highly experienced security engineers on the latest security tools and technologies (NexGen Firewalls, Intrusion Prevention Systems, Network Anti-Malware & Anti-Spyware, SSL Decryption, VPN, and Advanced Persistent Threat) Become familiar with security frameworks, the Defense in Depth Model, and OSI model as it applies to network security Document procedures and technical designs for new initiatives; present to peers and management Learn how to ensure that applications and infrastructure are dependable, available when needed, and perform as expected Drive standardization and proactively recommend improvements Qualifications Working toward a Bachelor’s degree in a MIS, CIS, CS, CT, CECN or other business-related field Overall GPA of 3.0 or greater Knowledge of MS Office tools (Office 365, Outlook, Excel & Word. SharePoint and Visio helpful) Excellent interpersonal, customer service, and communication skills Skilled at managing multiple tasks and academic projects effectively, engaging in conflict resolution and routinely interacting in cross-functional groups Effective at transferring newly learned technical knowledge within a small group or larger team Prior working experience preferred Requirements Must be at least 18 years of age Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without requiring sponsorship for employment visa status LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world’s largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels. Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship. LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers. LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here.