Project Management Coordinator, Brand Operations Minted is looking for a Project Management Coordinator, Brand Operations to support with: Event Operations - plan, prepare and execute industry events (e.g., National Stationery Show) Marketing Operations - project manage key marketing programs Creative Operations - manage creative asset & resources; support photo studio activities This role is ideal for someone who has 1-2 years of professional experience and an interest in building a project management skill set in a highly creative environment. Minted is a premium brand with a stellar team and you will get to work and learn alongside the best. In this role, you will juggle many moving parts ensuring they all fit together to deliver work on time with limited resources. You are a problem solver, detail-oriented, and work well under pressure and tight timelines. Your verbal and written skills are top-notch. You’ll get to work with a broad cross- section of people throughout the day, so a positive and upbeat attitude with teammates is essential. Fast twitch muscles are critical. As is a disposition that isn’t negatively impacted by ambiguity and changing priorities. Areas of Responsibility: _Event Operations:_ Responsible for contracting vendors and staffing—venues, craftsmen, talent, etc. Ensure vendors/contractors implement the original vision for the event. Maintain a contact list and library of approved vendors, technical staff, and talent. Responsible for developing and overseeing the event’s budget Collaborate with Creative Director and partners during the brainstorm process of the event design. Help develop a plan for the execution of these ideas based on timeline and budget. Oversee all production and technical aspects of an event, including a potential initial walk-through to review and inspect all materials and equipment are setup successfully and to brand standards _Marketing Operations:_ Responsible for the day-to-day operations of Minted’s Social Media Ambassador program for the Art vertical Collaborate with Creative team to identify design and style ambassadors with major reach; engage influencers to participate in Minted’s program Provide ambassadors with necessary program guidance and maintain detailed tracking to ensure program obligations are fulfilled and content is leveraged by Creative team Manage all processes related to the collection, storage, and use of User Generated Content (UGC) Collaborate closely with Marketing teams (Email, Onsite, Social) to understand UGC needs and to ensure content is available for required assets/timelines _Creative Operations:_ Maintain the creative asset library for the Creative Studio; drive the ongoing archival of digital and print creative assets, as needed Drive implementation of Digital Asset Management solution Support with Photo Shoot Prep (e.g., prop & art supply shopping, organization) and Execution (e.g., manage models, set up studio, order lunch, pick up perishable props, last minute shopping, ironing/steaming) Prepare displays of upcoming marketing campaigns for review and approval; board prior campaigns, as needed, to aid in upfront strategy-setting On an ad hoc basis, support the other Project Manager/Producer on team to ensure creative assets are requested, reviewed, and approved on time Partner with Head of Brand Operations to identify, design, and implement new processes and tools that will bring increased efficiency to the creative team (e.g., Project Management, Digital Asset Management) Manage all bills and invoicing for the team Own the organization of our focus groups; recruit participants, prepare snacks, greet guests, distribute materials, arrange for recording, take and distribute notes, Experience and Skills: Project management experience ideal, but not required Self-starter and enjoys working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Stellar work ethic Extremely detail oriented with an ability to prioritize workload and multitask Strong organizational skills Comfortable with ambiguity and reacting quickly to changes in priority Positive attitude and team orientation Proactive, clear and broad communicator Organized and calm under pressure Bachelor's degree or equivalent Proficiency in Excel About Minted: Minted is a lifestyle brand and design marketplace connecting you with the world’s best artists to create something one of a kind. Minted crowdsources graphic design and artwork from a global community of independent artists and sells these as products addressing the $10 billion stationery market, $48 billion art market, and $100 billion home decor market. Minted’s mission is to enable the design independence of both consumers and artists around the world, and the company is a platform for the strongest emerging artists in the world to be seen and discovered. We aim to build a lasting brand representing the most commercially successful design community in the world. Minted was founded by successful serial entrepreneur Mariam Naficy. Minted is located in a beautiful office in downtown San Francisco and is backed by Benchmark Capital, IDG Ventures SF, Menlo Ventures, and angel investors including Marissa Mayer of Yahoo and Jeremy Stoppelman of Yelp. Minted is comprised of an experienced and entrepreneurial team. We come from Google, Amazon, Microsoft, eBay, Yahoo, and Goldman Sachs and numerous disruptive startups. We are a passionate, creative, ambitious team. We provide a great opportunity to work with a stellar team and on a world-changing mission, all supported by a proven business model.