Description TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance. TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR. Qualifications JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW The Architect will work on the internal Technology Compliance Team to ensure TriNet technical environment is compliant. The resource will serve as a liaison between technical teams, Legal and Internal/External Auditors. The Architect will work with technical resources (internal/external) to analyze current environments to understand compliance gaps/issues and make recommendations based on industry best practices. This resource will work closely with the various Technology Teams to assure that compliance concepts are built into Policies & Procedures and that these are being effectively followed. The Architect will work with the technical teams throughout audits to assure that documentation, artifacts and evidence are provided in reasonable timeframe. ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Supporting the audits in assuring that information, artifacts and evidence is provided in a timely fashion and provides an appropriate view of the compliance condition of the technology environment Works with SMEs across Technology to assure policies and procedures to guide the compliance program are in place, ensuring that risk is effectively managed, visible, and commensurate with Technology objectives. Engages in discussions with Technology professionals to advise on compliance programs Works through competing interests within the Technology organization to ensure that risk prioritization and remediation is effectively managed Manages the ongoing compliance audits to ensure our practices are in accordance with policies and procedures – self-auditing Identifies, examines, evaluates, and prioritizes risk outcomes driven by non-compliant/deficient finding from audits and partners with appropriate Technology groups to remediate issues Serves as the subject matter expert in key technical areas of compliance. Identifies the need for and creates guidance documentation, such as white papers and position papers, on current and developing compliance requirements Continuously seeks opportunities to learn about emerging technologies and industry best practices to ensure the Technology Team is in compliance with laws and regulations Leads education and working sessions with teams across Technology Organization to ensure ongoing education and compliance Scans the external environment to understand new and evolving regulations to anticipate compliance needs and regulatory requirements JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor's degree or equivalent education and/or work experience. Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems and 4-6 years of applicable experience working in a compliance and audit environment (SOX/SOC, PCI, PII, HIPPA, etc.) Broad working knowledge of technology including: Windows Server, Active Directory, Authentication and Domain Administration Understanding of network components and security Exposure to SCIM Specification Exposure to SSO , SAML, OAUTH Linux Administration and authentication methods Exposure to Database platforms like Oracle Exadata , SQLServer, MongoDB, etc. Dealt with hybrid architecture with 50% more Cloud SaaS solutions Knowledge of integration technologies such as ETL, iPaaS, real-time data integration Experience with internal control frameworks (e.g., COSO) and developing internal controls to meet regulatory standards (SOX, PCI, SOC, etc.) Ability to work closely with technical SMEs to gather information and influence change Strong analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills Strong organizational, prioritization, and multi-tasking ability Must be a team player that takes ownership of assigned tasks Ability to leverage technical knowledge to respond to business/audit requests Compliance certification such as CIPP-US/CIPP-EU (Certified Information Privacy Professional), CCEP (Certified Compliance and Ethics Profession), CRISC (Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control) a plus Experience as an external auditor or regulator or similar training is a plus Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Very strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to explain ideas and technical terms clearly and concisely for different types of audiences Ability to communicate effectively with employees at all levels of the organization Excellent presentation and facilitation skills Ability to assimilate new ideas and concepts Demonstrated ability to work effectively with cross functional teams to achieve business and project goals. Effective facilitation, negotiation and coaching skills Excellent interpersonal and conflict resolution skills A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.) Minimum Travel Required. Travel limited to training, occasional team meetings, and projects. Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting On call after hours or weekend support may be required, as needed Collaborative and inclusive work environment with opportunities for personal growth. Professional, pleasant, and comfortable office setting The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity. TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact a company manager, a company officer or a TriNet HR representative to request such an accommodation. LI-ML1