As the fastest growing, highest-performing charter school network in New York State, Success Academy has reimagined public education. Nationally recognized for achieving outstanding academic results for students from all backgrounds and zip codes, we have created an innovative K-12 school model that is preparing current and future generations of children with the subject mastery and skills to succeed in college and life. We now need a results-driven Web Architect to join our Technology team. Reporting to the Manager of IT Infrastructure, the Web Architect will interface with several disciplines within various internal BUs, as well as outside partners & vendors, while working towards the creation of a unified and streamlined web presence for Success Academy. The Web Architect is responsible for defining the architecture of enterprise cloud-hosting systems, designing web solutions, analyzing security impact of architectural and design decisions, selecting technologies, promoting web development and operational practices, technical leadership, advanced development support, and mentoring of associates. Key responsibilities include: Advise on the direction of our front and back-end architecture with internal and external teams; Collaborate on cloud deployments and testing of new web properties with hosting and design partners; Interact with the application architects to interpret and promote architectural patterns; Effective planning, testing, implementation and administration of interactive technologies, websites, applications; Drive adoption of new technologies and suggest tools, technologies, and best practices to improve our stability, performance and web products quality; Manage the maintenance and updates of both internally and externally facing websites, mobile, and marketing apps; Maintain effective working relationships with internal personnel and external agency partners; and Act as web support escalation. A successful applicant will have the following experiences and characteristics: Bachelor’s degree; Minimum of four (4) years of experience in a technical role supporting web technologies; Operational experience with cloud technologies that support web applications; AWS Certified Solutions Architect, certification preferred but not required; Basic understanding of networking concepts and applications; Strong understanding of computer organization, performance and availability; Experience working in a NOC a plus; Ability to communicate solution trade-offs with technical and non-technical stakeholders; Strong self-management and discipline for working in a small team with many projects; Experience with technical writing and documentation; and Some experience with: Web servers such as Apache HTTPD, NginX, LightHTTPD Web security such as WSAUTH, HTTP/s, HSTS, etc. Server -side scripting languages Relational database management systems Source control and continuous integration Hands-on experience with web development is a plus Additional Competencies: Ability to travel up to 10% in the five NY boroughs; A passion for accomplishing great things by creating fast, maintainable, and valuable platform architectures; Effective planning, testing, implementation and administration of interactive technologies, websites, applications and social media platforms; Knowledge of hardware, software and program products associated with the delivery of interactive technologies; Maintains effective working relationships with internal personnel and multiple external agency partners; and Keep up with the latest cutting web architecture edge trends. To join our team, please upload a cover letter and resume that outlines your candidacy. Your cover letter should explain in detail your qualifications for the position. Resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed. Success Academy Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. Success Academy offers a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.