Requirements/Job Duties World Wide Technology, Inc. has an opportunity available for a Consulting Systems Engineer (Data Center) to support our Sales team located in the Minneapolis, MN area. This position will be focused on the translation of our customer's storage, compute, hyper-converged, server, virtualization, and data center business requirements into specific product and/or service proposals. Working in conjunction with Inside Sales, other Pre-Sales and Post Sales engineers, and Business Development team members, this technical Pre-Sales architect leverages appropriate WWT offerings and expertise to best address the customer needs with a cost-effective solution and the best possible benefit to WWT. RESPONSIBILITIES: Aligns with WWT Outside Sales team to represent WWT's Data Center (Hyper-Converged, Storage, Servers, Compute, Virtualization, Backups, Fabric, etc.) expertise to all assigned accounts. Uses knowledge of technology, products and services to build Data Center solutions (and solution options) for the customer. Works with clients and WWT Outside Sales team to obtain technical priorities, challenges, and initiatives that can be translated into WWT Data Center opportunities. Ensures effective coordination and support between account teams and supporting post sale technical resources. Responsible for the coordination, delivery, and quality of presales technology solution deliverables within the domain of the opportunity which may include items such as configurations, architectural diagrams, and proposals. Leads in managing and reporting all assigned accounts Data Center opportunities. Manages and achieves a Data Center gross profit number. Develops and fosters relationships with strategic original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and key data center partners who are local to your region and/or territory. Assists in statement of work review and development. Responsible for designing and proposing Data Center technology solutions that meet customer's needs. Ensures that proposed solutions, when implemented, meet the needs and functional requirements of the customer. Assists with accounts within assigned geography. Works closely with WWT Outside Sales to prioritize requests. Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS: 5 years of technical enterprise pre-sales experience with a focus on solution sales. Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills. Excellent presentation skills and technical sales skills. Must have passion driving storage/server/virtualization solution strategies. Strong personality with leadership skills working in a complex matrix organization. Strong presence and credibility to be proven at client site and internally. Knowledge of the technical aspects of storage, server, backup and virtualization hardware, software and architecture(s). Understanding of NetApp's, HP's, & VMware's configuration and quoting tools highly desired. NetApp, HP TSG and/or VMware certifications highly desired. Other SAN certifications are highly desired. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled