Description The purpose of this position is to support the existing infrastructure application systems, including updating and upgrading. This position is also expected to be part of any effort to design and implement new infrastructure software products and systems. Responsibilities and Accountabilities Responsible for daily systems support including proactive monitoring, incident and request ticket management, problem resolution and scheduled on call support after regular hours. Responsible for helping develop technology frameworks and standard architectures that enable the implementation, operation and support of information technology systems and infrastructure. Responsible to help manage technology lifecycle programs that ensure consistent and reliable systems and infrastructure. Accountable to team members and can work in broader groups as needed. Consults with technology partners to understand the potential impacts of roadmaps and future landscapes, and contributes to Information Technology strategy development and planning. Responsible for ensuring that activities, individual, peer, and client, are conducted in compliance with Enterprise and Information Technology policies, guidelines, procedures, work processes, and internal controls, and in alignment with Enterprise and Information Technology missions, goals, and strategies. Responsible for proactively initiating personal development activities with management and peers. Prepares for, recognizes, assumes and completes developmental assignments, understanding the need for balance between the needs and interests of both the individual and Enterprise. Qualifications This position requires a degreed professional who possesses a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business or Engineering with a minimum of three (3) years' cumulative relevant experience. This individual must demonstrate some technical expertise and general knowledge across some number of a broad range of the following technology disciplines: Applications Integration and Support, Servers, Network/Telecommunications, Security, Software Delivery/Packaging, Programming, and IT Operations. Technical Expertise and Knowledge may include a combination of: (focus on top 5) Active Directory Domain Support Experience in MS System Center Configuration Manager General knowledge of networking devices (switches/routers), and protocols Some scripting knowledge (VBScript, PowerShell, C++, etc) Solar Winds Orion Suite Cisco Secure Access Control server Security Patch Management Microsoft DNS Microsoft SQL Windows Server (2003, 2008), and desktop Operating Systems. Experience with large, complex, server and application environments preferred Skills: Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to work with others Experience implementing and supporting application server infrastructure Industry specific certifications a plus (Microsoft, VMware, Citrix, HP, EMC, ITIL V3) a plus Can independently bring assignments to satisfactory completion in a timely manner Problem resolution and execution proficiency Analyzes and evaluates information systems operations and provides recommendations to improve operations and utilization Ability to produce documentation for process, procedures or analysis Ability to work within a structured change management environment LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world’s largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P; 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels. Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship. LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers. LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here.