Qualifications Required Qualifications: BA/BS and 6+ years of relevant analytical or quantitative work experience, or an advanced degree with a minimum of 4 years of experience in areas directly related to the position. Experience must include a minimum of three years of experience querying, extracting, formatting, and analyzing healthcare data such as clinical trials data, adverse events, inpatient/outpatient clinical records, labs, biospecimen, medications. Experience working with messy real-world data Experience working independently in a rapidly changing scientific environment Proficiency in report writing using SSRS and JasperReports. Intermediate query development skills using MS SQL Server, T-SQL programming,PL/SQL and Oracle tools. Experience working with version control tool like Tortoise SVN. Knowledge of healthcare data management concepts and regulatory/compliance policies (HIPAA, IRB, etc.). Superior human relation skills, such as, the ability to use positive language communications to serve and influence our customers and stakeholders, work well with the team Ability to participate in occasional domestic travel to attend conferences or training workshops Ability to support multiple projects simultaneously, Prioritize assignments and work under limited supervision. Comfortable providing rapid and timely response to urgent requests that impact clients Comfortable following directions/instructions from supervisors and senior staff. Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of clinical trials, research and operations. Experience working with research lab data and Biospecimens. Knowledge of clinical data and healthcare code sets (ICD9/ICD10, NDC/RXNorm, LOINC, etc.). Strong customer-facing experience, preferably with Clinical Trials office leaders, study team supporting trials, investigators, faculty/academic and research support staff. Good understanding of relational database modeling and access management. Experience working with MS Access is a plus Skills in data visualization Research experience in statistics, data science or related fields is a plus Experience with basic machine learning or statistical analysis using R, Matlab, or Python is a plus. About the Job Informatics Reports Support: Maintain and enhance existing code, process, and Reports Maintain and support existing reports by answering user specific questions, communicating with Enterprise team etc.,. Be the first point of contact for any issues related to the database(s) and ensure that their questions are answered in a timely manner. Become a subject matter expert in data and tools to efficiently support any data mapping efforts needed by other team members for dashboards etc. Advocate best practice policies and procedures for data handling. Identify and assess performance tuning opportunities. Create data dictionary and document dependencies by reverse engineering from existing code and data. Technical: Extract, integrate, format, and deliver data as per project needs Extract and/or create reports needed for departmental Operations or Regulatory needs (such as FDA reporting or Industry sponsor reporting etc.,) Run feasibility analysis to ensure project requirements can be processed through offered informatics services. Assess raw data/primary data availability and quality. Work with users to transfer raw data into required format for project purpose. Query, extract, integrate, format, deliver and analyze data as per project needs. Explore and investigate various ways of identifying patients when data elements are not clear or available. Propose alternatives to users and clarify key points of each alternative. Work closely with other team members to review execution plans and request support. Continually seek to improve knowledge of new clinical databases. Identify informatics infrastructure enhancement opportunities that could benefit the larger research community. Informatics Consultation: Ensure that all informatics Services follow team and university policies and operating procedures Create consultation reports that capture project requirements and your implementation plan. Update the report as per continuous communication with investigators Capture requirements for various types of projects (research, quality and operational projects, study recruitment, etc .). Ensure that all informatics activities meet various compliance standards, IRB, data security, and contractual obligations of the University of Minnesota. Follow operating procedures, forms, and policies of the team. Discuss enhancement opportunities with team management. Strive for best quality of service experience and excellent user satisfaction feedback. Follow-up with investigators and staff to ensure delivered services meet users’ expectations. Assist with refinements when requested. Train users on data access methods, analysis tools, and informatics infrastructure Communication: Work with investigators, research personnel and other stakeholders to promote informatics services and represent the team Keep investigators and staff informed on offered CTSI Informatics services. Coordinate user testing/usability evaluation of offered services and capture needs for potential future enhancements Ensure service delivery progress concerns, delays and issues are regularly communicated with team management.. Represent the team in various meetings, such as: IRB, Office of Compliance, Data Stewards, Research Committees, and technical Infrastructure. Communicate with data stewards from different organizations to most effectively deliver data as per project requirements. Initiate regular user group meeting to discuss departmental needs Attend vendor based conferences or meetings at times to better support databases. Work as a liaison between the team and other units on selected informatics components and databases, recommend standardized data collection process for automatic data extraction, provide requirements for automation etc. The University of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including: Competitive wages, paid holidays, vacation and sick leave Low cost medical, dental, and pharmacy plans Health care and dependent daycare flexible spending accounts Excellent retirement plans with employer match Disability and employer paid life insurance Wellbeing program with reduced insurance premiums Tuition reimbursement opportunities covering 75%-100% of eligible tuition Student loan forgiveness opportunity Opportunities for growth and promotion Employee Assistance Program For more information regarding benefits: https://humanresources.umn.edu/sites/humanresources.umn.edu/files/2018_tcd- fpa-75100-ben-0105-10.pdf About the Department The Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI) at the University of Minnesota (UMN) is supported through the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Clinical and Translational Science Award (CTSA) program, grant UL1TR002494. The institute is one of 60 medical research institutions working together to improve the way clinical and translational research is conducted nationwide, enhancing its efficiency and quality. The consortium aims to accelerate the process of translating laboratory discoveries into treatments for patients, to engage communities in clinical research efforts, and to train a new generation of clinical and translational researchers. For more information, visit http://www.ctsi.umn.edu. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.