What is the opportunity? As a Diversity Recruitment Consultant with RBC Wealth Management you will, lead and execute the development of diversity recruiting events via a community of RBC WM diversity champions + SMEs and recruiters, as well as through sponsorship, events and community engagement. What will you do? Drives strategy to target relevant professional industry events, conferences, sponsorship opportunities and schools for talent acquisition purposes that will positively perceive the RBC vision & values. Creating overarching schedule of recruiting events, responsible to ensure appropriate business leader engagement at each event. Overall responsibility for the management of selected diversity recruiting events. Partners with appropriate teams to create tools/appropriate materials to equip hiring managers with just in time/right messaging for targeted audiences. Leverage the value in the various acquisition programs underway to develop better solutions to improve events ensuring all interactions with candidates are engaging and inspiring. Lead the development and introduction of new ideas and executions that improve diversity recruiting performance. Keep pace with emerging trends and best practices and continually seek out opportunities to share RBC thought leadership as it relates to diverse and inclusive workplaces, and provide advice & counsel on evolution of diversity recruiting activities. Manage budget aligned to various events and create and maintain metrics to measure results of diverse talent sourcing, events and partnerships. What do you need to succeed? Must-have 3+ years recruitment experience Ability to travel up to 40% Understanding of and ability to address personal and unconscious bias Strong interpersonal and communications skills Proven experience in delivering ROI-centric results Nice-to-have Demonstrated capability to deliver successful results through impact and influence "Best in class" marketer vision, innovation, creativity & results Strong impact and influence skills to effectively work with and engage prospective talent from a variety of diverse backgrounds, senior management, college campuses, and other external third party relationships What’s in it for you? We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. Client First: We will always earn the right to be our clients’ first choice Collaboration: We win as One RBC Accountability: We take ownership for personal and collective high performance Diversity & Inclusion: We embrace diversity for innovation and growth Integrity: We hold ourselves to the highest standards to build trust About RBC Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 37 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com. Join our Talent Community Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you. Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers. Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request. JOB SUMMARY City: Minneapolis Address: 60 South 6th Street Work Hours/Week: 40 Work Environment: Office Employment Type: Regular - U.S. Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional Pay Type: Salaried Required Travel (%): 26-50 Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt People Manager: No Application Deadline: 09/10/2018 Req ID: 169585 _Posting Notes:_