Job Description Job Description We are looking for talented research scientists who are as passionate as we are about artificial intelligence, advancing science, and inventing the next generation of intelligent machines. We are hiring researchers in a broad range of machine learning areas, including: Deep learning, including novel architectures with attention and memory Supervised learning, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning, including generative models Reinforcement learning Meta-learning, learning to learn Multi-task learning, transfer learning, few-shot learning, continual/lifelong learning Interpretability, fairness, accountability of machine learning models Brain-inspired machine learning algorithms Optimization for AI/ML Bayesian learning, graphical models, causal models Learning theory Computational creativity As an IBM researcher, you will work on the most cutting-edge, exciting projects and collaborate with top researchers both inside IBM and at our partner universities. Your creativity and innovative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you will do the same for us! 081583 adaytorefer IWD18HJNA IWD18 &A; Required Technical and Professional Expertise Expertise and experience in programming in one or more of these languages: Python, Java, C++, Matlab, R etc. Advanced skill level in solving analytical problems using rigorous and quantitative approaches. Advanced skill level in creating and applying new algorithms in AI disciplines such as machine learning, NLP, knowledge induction, and machine reasoning Experience in clearly and effectively communicating your research ideas in peer-reviewed technical conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, IJCAI, AAAI, AISTATS, ACL, CVPR, KDD or similar Preferred Tech and Prof Experience PhD in machine learning, artificial intelligence, computer science, applied mathematics, signal processing, statistics, physics or related technical fields Advanced skill level with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks Experience analyzing large scale data from a variety of sources Design, validation, and characterization of algorithms and/or systems Experience with machine learning tools and frameworks including TensorFlow, PyTorch, Torch, Caffe, and Theano etc. a plus Contributions to open source projects EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.