Brief summary of the role: The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for supporting data management activities for multiple aspects of study set-up, conduct, data auditing and closeout by performing data review and cleaning activities as well as data entry and QC checks in order to provide the highest quality of data, as contracted. Responsibilities: Conduct clinical data review and/or listing of data entered by project sites and determine compliance and plausibility as outlined within the project data review guidelines; determine course of action to be taken to resolve data discrepancies and inconsistencies, such as additional site query, data acceptance or escalation. Review query data responses provided by sites and evaluate if the data meets the criteria as outlined within the project data review guidelines and determine the necessity of a query, re-query or other course of action is required. Identify issues during the data review process that are lacking in current guidelines, research the issues and provide the Lead Data Manager feedback on root cause and recommended remedial action on issues or processes that are ineffective or inefficient to ensure project data quality standards are met. Participate in the development and entry of test data and in user acceptance testing of electronic data capture software and documenting all findings and actions in accordance with testing guidelines to determine if the functionality of the systems is accurately working. Track and file study documents into the project tracking tool, and conduct regular audit of project documentation to determine if all documents are accounted for and confirm compliance with file transfer requirements. Assist with data processing for paper CRF’s as related to tracking and entry into the clinical database. Participate in Quality Control (QC) review of manually entered paper CRF data by comparing to database listing output and documenting any inconsistencies as well as participate in data audits as required. Requirements: BA/BS degree in biological sciences or related disciplines preferred Minimum of 2 years Data Management experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience Knowledge of EDC systems such as Medidata Rave, Oracle Inform or other EDC platform is preferred, but not required Working knowledge of MS Office products to support word processing, e-mail applications and spreadsheet activities. Electronic data capture experience preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology, clinical data, and/or ICH/Good Clinical Practices preferred; Highly organized with attention to detail; Ability to work well in a team environment to reach organizational goals and collaborate with peers, works well independently with minimal supervision; above average written and oral communication skills; Good interpersonal skills.