Current CA Driver's License required The Business Analyst /Clinical Support role has responsibility for a wide range of clinical operations and IT analysis tasks. This position will support efforts to measure and improve client satisfaction by analyzing utilization data, developing and distributing meaningful client reports. The Analyst will provide analytical, reporting, project coordination, and data management support for Concern:EAP. A key part of the role MS-Dynamic CRM administration, support and training, management of CRM operational issues including clinical and account management workflow , imports /exports of data, security, user roles, profiles, ad-hoc reporting and customization. Participation in projects related to clinical quality management, customer, member or provider satisfaction surveys, statistical reporting and analysis related to provider network functions, working with cross-functional groups to achieve desired results for business process improvement. The position will maintain clinical policies and procedures, support network functions (i.e. communications, recruitment, contracting, re-credentialing), quality management functions (telephonic surveys and data collection). This position will interface directly with the clinical and operation teams to ensure the effective utilization of available technology to maximize the performance of both groups. This position is responsible for managing and scheduling all seminar and onsite requests. This position may be considered for virtual/telecommuting. QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor of Science degree in computer Science or related field. 5 years' experience in IT administration with 3 years' experience with CRM based applications, managing and defining elements necessary for a CRM services environment; familiarity with aspects of customer related data fields. Experience with customer facing business operations and clinical or healthcare services delivery model. Experience providing end user training across a broad spectrum of technology understanding. Excellent analytical skills; prior experience performing business systems analysis. Ability to handle ad hoc reporting request, ad optimize the user experience related to reports and dasboards. Understanding of MS-Dynamics customization and workflow support processes. Strong MS-Office suite skills, word, PowerPoint, Excel as well as SharePoint. Detail oriented, and strong organizational skills, creative problem solver. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Good interpersonal communication skills as needed to work successfully with staff and managers. Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize workload. Effective problem-solving capability. Must be motivated, energetic able to work both independently and collaboratively. Current CA license and able to provide proof of auto insurance.