Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more . This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. The Cloud Solution Architect Director is a leadership position within the Japan Microsoft Customer Success organization. The CSA Director drives consumption and market share by leading a team of Cloud Solution Architects who are supporting solution sales opportunities within the Japan global accounts leveraging the Microsoft Intelligent Cloud Platform to meet their high potential customer's solution needs. Responsibilities The Cloud Solution Architect (CSA) Director will coach and lead a team of Solution Architects on high-potential accounts to uncover and support the business and IT goals of our customers. This role will demonstrate the business value of the Microsoft Platform and drive technical decisions at the customer, thus securing long-term sustainable growth for Microsoft. As a Cloud Solution Architect Director you will: Develop an high performing technical sales team that helps high-potential customers make sound technical decisions and maximize the adoption and value of Microsoft solutions. Talent Management: Attract and develop the best technical sellers from the market. Work with individuals on career plans while continuing to expand technical sales skills as Microsoft transforms. The team will be located in different locations across the US, Eurpore and Japan. Technical Accumen: Develop in-depth industry knowledge of customer’s IT technology environments within the Cloud Solution Architect teams. Review mapping of relevant IT Technology Solutions to the industry’s and customer’s IT and Business maturity. Enablement: Provide an environment of continuous learning to improve employees’ technology skills. Encourage a team approach to complex opportunities that requires cross-domain solutions. Manage technical excellence and sales excellence to drive the right customer succes Business Management: Lead the team to proactively drive the technical design of a customer agreed to deployment/consumption plan for all customer wins, ensuring that all opportunity engagements have clear technical solution decision criteria defined and documented leveraging Microsoft Services and Partners as needed. Increase impact: Increase Azure consumption acceleration by challenging opportunity stage based on the status of technical engagements and consolidate technical, architectural and competitive escalataions to the right channel. Unblock: By leading the Team and using the organization and partner to proactively unblock technical and architectural blockers at the customer for their technology decision and usage Success as a team: Lead the Japan Global CSA team and foster success across the team through collaboration. Inspire others to take positive actions by being a technical leader, effective influencer Imageneer: Demonstrate internally and externally how technology innovations are applicable within their market and their customers to showcase our business value. Lead by example in driving cross group experience to support the sales in driving challenger based solution sales with a growth mindset. Ensure the team leverage their knowledge of top competitors technology to engage in architecture and capability discussions that highlight Microsofts differentiated value proposition Foster an environment that encourages deep community participation, an appreciation for capturing and sharing customer insight, thoughtful use of escalation processes, identify technical sales blockers, capture evidence needed to support blockers and drive escalation appropriate. Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: 8+ years of experience in Tech Sales leadership roles, managing high performance technical sales teams, and coaching architecture and solution sales required Strong experience in leadership and executing on Technology visions preferred Solid interpersonal, coaching, and cross-group collaboration skills, and proven ability to influence across organizational boundaries Strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, written, product demo, and verbal communication skills Highly driven person who consistently exceeds goals and expectations Contagious enthusiasm for and a desire to continuously learn new technology Ability to work and communicate well across and within a diverse team dynamic Hands on Infrastructure management or Application development experience preferred Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a similar information technology-related discipline, or in Business Administration is ideal Certification in sales, sales management, complex sales training, sales methodologies, broad evangelism through events (presentation skills), and consultative selling desired Additional training or education in Enterprise Architecture preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.