ProKarma currently has an exciting opportunity for a Java Full Stack Developer that would like to join our team as a full-time employee. Responsibilities The Java Full Stack Developer will play a role in the design and analysis of software projects. They assist by creating new applications or improving existing applications, running software tests, developing product prototypes and creating technical documents and manuals relating to application development. Qualifications Applied software development experience with a strong development background Knowledge of web and mobile server-side technologies and framework (JSP, JavaScript and Javascript frameworks (e.g. Loopback, Angular, Backbone, ExpressJS etc.), Web Services (REST/SOAP), SOA etc. Knowledge of application security, identity management, access control, single sign-on and web content management and API management. Progressed as technical lead, solution designer and application architect. Recent experience as a Software/IT Architect with responsibility for architecting large-scale enterprise class solutions involving web, mobile and web services. Strong systems integration experience and Service Oriented Architecture Experience working with Agile development teams Experience in architecting resilient applications, infrastructure and capacity planning and production operations. Experienced in designing high traffic public facing websites and mobile applications Ability to communicate at both an executive level and also to technical teams. Stay up to date with industry trends, especially in web, mobile, social and digital health. Demonstrate ability to identify new and emerging technologies that the project can benefit. ~ In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at ProKarma are based exclusively on merit. ProKarma does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.