Job Summary Provides support for activities that implement limited portions of the specified functional area of the technology operation. Receives work in the form of defined tasks that are reviewed frequently and sometimes requires the application of independent judgment. Operates within the context of well- defined procedures. Job Responsibilities Implements activities that support limited parts of the IT work function, and may include responsibilities in the area of technical operations, site operations, and/or deployment engineering, such as: Supporting the deployment operation on the execution of plans on pre-release, upgrades and current versions of software. Supporting the evaluation of compatibility of programs with existing communications hardware and software features. Improving operation and monitoring of standard features. Supporting area processes and interface requirements. Assisting in data development and definition of acceptance criteria. Collaborates with customers and advises about technical issues on active projects. Identifies and determines likely reasons for problematic causes. Prepares accurate documentation and communication to facilitate elimination of problems and to create efficient fixes. Escalate problems and roadblocks as they occur. Coordinates cross-functionally to accomplish assigned tasks. Interacts with team members and peers and may interact externally to provide semi-routine information related to assigned tasks. May assist in live site support and incident resolution that may include on-call rotation. Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services. As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics OR High School Diploma/GED and at least 3 years of experience in a technical engineering role, such as software development, release management, deployment engineering, site operations, technical operations or similar. Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state). Experience analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions. Experience establishing and maintaining relationships with individuals at all levels of the organization, in the business community and with vendors. Experience using time management skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates. Knowledge of programming languages. Knowledge of IT technologies. Experience in Technical Operations. Experience in Technology infrastructure, such as Network, Monitoring, Systems, Databases, etc.