What will I do? As a Sr. Director/Principal, your responsibilities include: Performing end-to-end program coordination of large research and analytic studies. Day-to-day management of client market research and analytics engagements. Designing/executing market research and analytic initiatives. Interpreting data and driving statistical analyses; and developing reports, presentations and client deliverables. Managing and developing junior team members. Identifying and qualifying business opportunities and developing proposals. Selling?!? Principals grow client relationships and sell new projects by doing outstanding work and being commercially-minded. There are no sales targets, per se, and we’re not seeking sales people. We sell, by doing. You focus on being the best you can be and we’ll help you develop your sales skills. It works – trust us! What are you looking for? Do I have what it takes? For the Sr. Director/Principal roles, MaPS is seeking dynamic high-potential professionals with 8+ years experience in market research or analytics and a demonstrated accelerated track record of success in areas including: Quantitative survey research design and execution. Masterful storytelling, crafting for clients compelling actionable insights. Creative analysis of large, customer datasets. Management of survey data collection. Quantitative sampling design and weighting. Data visualization and representation. Business research writing. Interpretation of advanced statistical model outputs. Large-scale, multi-country quantitative research programs involving continuous data collection and rhythmic reporting. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint. The MaPS team is a great fit if you are seeking to… Work in an entrepreneurial culture – not a “big company” culture. Develop custom solutions for clients – not just deliver pre-packaged solutions. Be considered a trusted advisor by your clients – not just another vendor. Help clients ask the right questions and solve critical problems – not just take client orders. Package results that tell a compelling story – not just editing boring report headlines. Sink your teeth into and deliver high value on a few large projects – not just having minimal involvement and firefighting on many small projects. Sell new projects by doing outstanding work and earning client referrals – not making slick sales pitches. Own client requests and work with our talented staff to help you solve the problem – not just serving as a middle-man who just passes client requests along to junior staff. Deliver value to your clients – not just schmooze them. Receive exceptional professional development – not just be expected to sink or swim. Be recognized for the merit of your work – not your number of years of experience.