Yesler is looking for an expert Data Architect to join our growing B2B agency. You will play a vital role in orchestrating the data lake implementation by building concise, comprehensive standards for the implementation and ongoing maintenance of this data lake and its immediate infrastructure ecosystem, which will enable end-to-end visibility of the customer journey, multi-touch attribution, precise KPI measurement, and on-demand analytics. You will work together with data analytics to build a best-practice reporting framework and methodology, and they will work with a data scientist to integrate AI and machine learning models/predictive analytics. Responsibilities Establish standards for data lake implementation and collaborate to choose an optimal technology solution that matches targets and goals with partner needs Ensure scalability and efficiency of data lake solution You will work with data analysts to establish reporting best practices Provide long-term recommendations for ongoing data lake maintenance Provide robust integration functionality to ingest and enrich data—both first- and third-party—from a variety of sources into data lake/customer data platform Provide first-class integration with visualization layer of choice Establish thorough documentation on programmatic methods of interaction with the data infrastructure—APIs, etc. Provide a robust back-end interface for infrastructure maintenance and administration Customer data platform development with data enrichment services, for first- and third-party data Requirements 3-5 years of experience in Big Data management and associated infrastructure, including Hadoop and Apache Spark Technical chops: Hadoop, Apache Hive, Apache Spark, SQL. Experience in either R or Python would be a strong plus. Able to learn systems and acquire technical skills quickly, and have a problem-solving attitude Statistical background or equivalent experience as a data scientist would be considered beneficial You're a phenomenal teammate but able to work independently as well You have strong written and verbal communication skills About Yesler Yesler is a B2B marketing agency that blends strategy, creativity, and technology to build demand, engage customers, and grow revenue for our clients. From offices in Seattle, Portland, Philadelphia, and Toronto, we’re a team of more than 200 strategists, designers, technologists, media experts, and analysts who are on a mission to change the marketing status quo. We take an integrated approach to serving the entire marketing organization—not only the strategies, content, and programs to create demand but also the infrastructure, operations, and project management required to execute, measure, and optimize for results. Yesler has continually been recognized as a great place to work. We’ve earned 19 Best Workplace Awards over the last decade, including Inc. Magazine's Best Workplaces, and we were named one of the Top 50 B2B Marketing Agencies by Chief Marketer in 2016 and 2017. Our mission is to positively impact the people we work with, the people we work for, and the communities we live in. We support our mission by providing an inclusive environment where all are empowered to share their diverse perspectives and experiences, so we can ultimately be better together. Our policies, practices, programs, activities and decisions regarding employment, hiring, assignment, promotion, compensation, volunteerism, and internships are not based on a person’s race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, mental or physical disability, ancestry, military discharge status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, source of income, parental status, housing status, or other protected status. We strongly encourage women, people of color, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and members of the LGBTQ community to apply.