Overview The Entry Writer 1 is a CHB team member responsible for the accurate and timely submission of customs entries for clearance of in-bound cargo through US Customs and facilitating the delivery of freight to customers. . The Entry Writer serves as a customer advocate and must possess good customer service skills. Responsibilities CBP Entry preparation and transmission duties: Receive and review documentation to input and transmit data for CBP release of shipments. Follow SOPS for each customer on the correct method and data required for preparing an entry. Use product files for identification of HTS details on the commercial invoice Report to supervisor the completion of entry tasks release of cargo Report to supervisor exceptions to established clearance requirements Organize the work area to identify the status of every file through every phase of the CBP entry process. Confirm to customers the release details through pre-established communications protocols Delivery of freight to customers: Track and trace shipments and coordinate with steamship lines, freight forwarders and CFS on the availability of imported shipments Arrange with trucking companies the pick-up and delivery of freight Coordinate with supervisors delivery exceptions and special delivery instructions Billing Handle accounting processes as they apply to CHB including the issuance of invoices to customers or overseas offices as well as the processing of payment requisitions. Qualifications High School Diploma or GED plus 6 months-2 years of experience and/or training in an import operation. Must have good team working skills and verbal reporting skills. _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required._ Yusen offers a generous Employee Benefits Package including: Medical, Dental, and Vision beginning the 1st of the month following start date 401k with a company match Flexible Spending Accounts, Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance, Short & Long Term Disability, Tuition Assistance Program, Commuter Benefits, vacation, and much more. _Any and all benefits offered are subject to the eligibility requirements, terms, and provisions set forth in the respective policies and plan documents, which you may request from Human Resources_ As a part of the NYK Group, Yusen Logistics (Americas) Inc. performs a key role in keeping world trade moving by offering air and ocean freight forwarding, global warehousing, reverse logistics, intermodal and multimodal transportation, and supply chain solutions to some of the world’s largest industries. For more information, please visit our website at www.yusen- logistics.com. _Yusen Logistics (Americas) Inc. is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, citizenship status, uniform service member status, age, disability, sexual and gender orientation, genetic information or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. This commitment extends to all aspects of the company’s employment practices including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, promoting, transferring, compensation, benefits, training, leaves of absence, termination, and other terms and conditions of employment._ <P class=x