Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The word is "Supply Chain" - every retailer depends upon it to get the right items in the right place at the right cost to drive sales. Albertsons Companies is in the middle of an exciting transformation as we merge the Safeway and Albertsons supermarket chains. We are looking for that extraordinary individual who wants to move their career into high gear in a whole new way. Do people say this about you? A good buyer who understands the best way to buy both replenishment and promotional product. You really get it, explain to me why we do this? Can you show me how to use the system to be a better buyer? I need to be able to make "this" happen. How do we use our buying system to do that? We're going through a big supply chain change and we want you to help us plan how we succeed! If you are that type of smart, results-driven person and able to work across teams to ensure success, we want you to click the "Apply Now" button! The Information Technology Department has an opening for a Procurement Systems Administrator. This position is located in Pleasanton, California. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Assumes responsibility to provide Divisional support for Procurement related applications including but not limited to i-Trade, Demand Aggregation, SIMS (in-house ERP), and INFOREM. Answering questions, troubleshooting problems, expediting technical solutions, training and consulting as required. Understanding the Business Processes across all procurement for Produce/Floral, Meat/Deli, Grocery, GMHBC, and Seasonal products. Provide both system and process driven options to achieve the desired results Analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to design and implement procedures to accommodate changes in laws or practices throughout the company Acts as a cross-functional team leader on small to medium sized projects. Works with I/T project teams to develop solutions to improve business performance across Procurement (includes providing business requirements, coordinating user acceptance testing, training, and user documentation) Qualifications: 4-year college degree or equivalent experience in Purchasing or Supply Chain Planning. 3+ years as a Grocery/Bakery, GMHBC, Meat/Deli, or Produce Floral buyer Strong theoretical understanding and hands on experience with Supply Chain Planning and Procurement systems, (e.g. Buying, Forecasting, Firm Orders, Product Costing). Experience with supply chain system enhancement and implementation. Ability to provide education and training to individuals and groups within the Safeway Supply Chain using both existing materials as well as developing training materials as needed. Strong presentation skills, willingness to find and engage experts across company as needed to develop a solution that accommodate all stakeholders. Superior team building skills and an ability to lead small project or individual track within a larger project with little to no supervision. Consensus building skills as well as conflict resolutions skills. Ability to function effectively in a project work group. Strong planning skills and ability to manage multiple initiatives. Excellent oral and written communication skills (proficient in use of Email, Microsoft Office tools). Ability to query databases using SQL is also a plus. How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect _._ The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status. We support a drug-free workplace - all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER