General Summary SRAlab is committed to Information Systems staff implementing new strategic solutions, providing systems support and filling the integral role of supplying future services to the Institute’s patients and clients. The Business Applications Analyst is responsible for providing support for business applications as well as serving as the liaison between IS and the business support departments. Responsible for formatting, designing, and building relevant functional business procedures into appropriate electronic workflows to provide to the end-users of the business applications. Works with the business support areas in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements for business applications. Under the direction of the Business Applications Manager or Senior Business Applications Analyst, performs as leader for small scale projects. Complies with corporate and departmental policies and demonstrates good communication skills. The Analyst will consistently demonstrate support of the SRAlab statement of Vision, Mission and Core Values by striving for excellence, contributing to the team efforts and showing respect and compassion for patients and their families, fellow employees, and all others with whom there is contact at or in the interest of the institute. The Analyst will demonstrate SRAlab Core Attributes: Communication, Accountability, Flexibility/Adaptability, Judgment/Problem Solving, Customer Service and SRAlab Values (Hope, Compassion, Discovery, Collaboration, & Commitment to Excellence) while fulfilling job duties. Principal Responsibilities 1. User Support The Business Applications Analyst will satisfy user support responsibilities by: Supporting existing business applications including installing upgrades, providing enhancements and problem management. Resolving support issues according to Information Systems policies, providing documentation to Business Applications Analysts for future reference. Providing consultation on process analysis and design, recommending alternative solutions, both automated and manual, to meet those needs. Working with departments, team members, and other resources to develop maintenance, testing, communication, and conversion plans for system changes following the change control process. Acting as liaison between Information Technology vendors and internal departments. Serving as liaison to major user groups, including Finance, Accounts Payable, Purchasing, Central Supply, Payroll, Human Resources, Patient Financial Services and Research, on information systems issues. Developing and retaining relationships with SRAlab business support staff. Serving on appropriate SRAlab committees. Providing after-hours on call service as required. 2. Project Support Under the guidance of the Senior Business Applications Analyst or the Business Applications Manager the Business Applications Analyst will satisfy project support responsibilities by: Participating as team member of large-scale software implementation initiatives. Work with Senior Business Applications Analyst or Business Applications Manager to establish timelines and ensure projects are completed on time. Facilitating small-scale software implementation initiatives. Utilize project management framework as defined by IS Management. Determining goals and objectives of each small-scale project and identifying all stakeholders, taking into consideration the provision of user needs and potential for cost savings through reduction of work steps. Identifying and documenting business requirements and modified business processes. Translating business requirements into system design, ensuring that systems deliver the desired capabilities to meet the needs of the users. Assisting with product selection based on identified functional requirements. Participating in the design and deployment of foreign system interfaces between 3rd-party systems, Dynamics GP and Cerner Millennium. Configuring business systems including one or more of the following: Dynamics GP modules, Cerner Patient Accounting modules and/or Cerner Charge Services modules. Working with fellow IS staff and SRAlab users to develop detailed Unit Test plans, executing tests to verify configuration satisfies design requirements, and updating configuration based on results. Developing and documenting Integration Test and User Acceptance Test plans based on functional specifications. Documenting and managing issues and problems including establishing a course of action for re-testing. As system bugs are detected, troubleshoot errors, modify code and re-execute test scripts. Working with business support representatives after the conclusion of IS projects to measure results of the initiatives and ensure that goals and objectives are achieved. Coordinating handoffs to operations, support and technical staff in Information Systems. Developing documentation for training, maintenance and support, including problem resolution and escalation decision trees. Complying with Policies and Procedures regarding IT Change Management. Maintaining current knowledge of trends in information systems. 3. User Training: The Business Applications Analyst will satisfy user training responsibilities by: Assisting with development of plans, strategies and tactics for employee education to support new and existing system applications. Developing end-user training materials for applications software as needed. Collaborating with the Senior Business Applications Analysts to provide user training, conducting training sessions as necessary. Evaluating and monitoring training for effectiveness. Reporting Relationships Reports directly to the Business Applications Manager Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required Undergraduate degree in information systems or business (e.g. Computer Science, Accounting, etc.). Work experiences can replace traditional educational requirements. Certification in one or more core Microsoft Dynamics GP modules (e.g. Core financials, Core distribution, etc.), Cerner Patient Accounting, or Cerner Charge Service a plus. Project Management Professional (PMP) or MS SQL DBA credentials a plus. Minimum of 2 years experience in an Information Systems Applications Analysts role or equivalent experience. Minimum of 2 years experience with Microsoft Dynamics GP modules, Cerner Patient Accounting or Cerner Charge Services. Knowledge of healthcare business support processes in one or more area. Proven ability to manage software initiatives of varying sizes and complexity. Experience working within Windows operating systems and Microsoft Office tools. Personal computer skills necessary to prepare project plans, presentations, flow charts, test plans, etc. Firm knowledge of workflow in one or more area and ability to work independently with users to define how technology can drive business processes. Analytical skills necessary to resolve issues and/or increase operational efficiency of the business support processes. Ability to pay close attention to details when designing, implementing, documenting and maintaining system functions. Interpersonal skills necessary to actively listen and communicate effectively with IS peers and user community to deliver and support systems based on user needs. Critical thinking and reasoning skills to identify strengths and weaknesses of alternate solutions, conclusions and approaches to problems. Ability to support one or more areas of SRAlab's existing business system applications. Ability to manage small-scale systems implementation projects Knowledge of ANSI SQL scripting and/or Cerner Command Language (CCL) for troubleshooting. Ability and willingness to learn new tools and Business Information Systems to be identified as part of SRAlab's future core applications toolset. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. SRAlab is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Required Skills Required Experience