Our Mission : At STERIS, we help our Customers create a healthier and safer world by providing innovative healthcare and life science product and service solutions around the globe. Who we are : STERIS is a growing provider of infection prevention and other procedural products and services through our family of wholly owned subsidiaries. Position Summary JOIN us in our efforts as a Warehouse Associate II Responsible for the safe receiving, inspection, movement, tracking, storage and shipment of custom made servers and components. Reviews product and process documents and instructions and ensures accurate processing. May perform the duties of other Warehouse Associates and Team Lead where necessary. Responsible to help train other employees in the essential functions of the job. Essential Job Duties Maximizes processing and minimizes downtime by performing the safe receiving, movement, tracking, storage and shipment of custom made servers and components. Fills in as incoming inspector where needed. Maintains a clean, orderly work area, performs Material Handling and Production functions as needed Contributes to accuracy of processing and product accountability by maintaining product documentation; implements appropriate corrective action as needed; uses MRP system to enter and retrieve accurate data Assists in maintaining product inventory by receiving, identifying, labeling and storing product within the warehouse area in accordance to implemented processes and procedures Ensures shipment of product within shipping deadline, maintaining contact and updates to internal facility staff Reports events and activities outside normal parameters to Supervisor or Team Lead and assist in resolving issues acting within the operational and safety guidelines. Communicates in an effective manner by utilizing accepted business practices in a courteous and professional manner to provide timely and accurate responses to inquiries, and offer of assistance to others Adhere to ISO procedures, Manufacturing Process Instructions (MPI), Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), and Lean principles Provide feedback for workflow improvements. Work with safety, efficiency and accuracy as priorities always; Ensure quality and safety standards are continuously followed. The above statements reflect a general detail of the job and shall not be considered a thorough description of all duties inherent in the job . Job Requirements and Qualifications 3+ years’ experience in warehouse environment required A minimum of 1-year warehousing experience in FDA, ISO, GMP, Lean environment Ability to work independently under general guidelines and supervision Ability to navigate Microsoft Office Suite including Excel Experience using MRP system for basic data entry and information gathering Effective interpersonal skills as demonstrated through prior experience Able to adapt to changing duties and responsibilities High school diploma or GED required. Must be able to read, write and communicate in English proficiently monsterSTE