The Operations Order Management Logistics team makes sure physical deliveries happen on schedule so Google's virtual world keeps humming. As a member of the team, you help manage the logistics and transportation of vendor deliveries. From global deployments of servers to the delivery of networking gear, you need to make sure the right equipment arrives at the right location at the right time. What you oversee is often overseas, and you work with international governmental organizations to ensure imported equipment arrives smoothly. You also work with internal customers to measure and define processes, constantly using data to improve our systems. The Strategic Vendor Management Group (SVMG) within Corporate Engineering (CorpEng) is responsible for managing vendors and contingent workforce for our business partners. As a program manager on this team, you will lead several projects for the Vendor Operations Program Office team, setting priorities, leading cross-functional teams, ensuring success metrics are informing future efforts, and quickly fine tuning the program as needed. Through your leadership, you use your technical and domain expertise to manage a team of suppliers to deliver professional services to the business. You drive roadmap definition, help define the scope of those projects and partner across teams to address business pain points and ensure timely and cost effective solution implementations. You must have the ability and interest to work on a range of different types of projects and business processes and a background that demonstrates this ability. You have a solid technical foundation in program management and the flexibility, talent and aptitude to learn new technologies and lead a variety of projects and teams across the organization. At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security. Responsibilities Develop and run the program designed to manage supplier relationships and lead the process for defining/measuring/running vendor operations, governance and performance. Drive delivery based project work for globally (for all of Corporate Engineering) Grow the Vendor Operations / Staff augmentation program to the next level Own overall responsibility for identifying and producing the analytics and insights that define the impact of our work, prioritization of our projects, and effectiveness of our processes. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in a technical discipline or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of relevant work experience in vendor management role 10 years of legal experience within a law firm and/or with a large enterprise 10 years of relevant experience managing contracts, vendor negotiations, vendor conflicts, and vendor compliance Preferred qualifications: Advanced Degree such as MS or MBA Technology Vendor Program Management experience Successful track record in directly driving business, maintaining client relationships and people management. Successful track record in maturing Vendor Ops / Staff Augmentation program to the next level and delivering project work Experience maturing Vendor Operations / Staff Augmentation program to the next level and delivering project work At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.