_Title:_ Director of Enterprise Applications _FLSA Status:_ Exempt _Department:_ Information Technology _Reports to:_ Vice President & CIO _Education:_ Bachelor’s degree from a four-year accredited college or university in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field required. Minimum of seven (7) years applicable work experience required. _Basic Function:_ Responsible for architecture, design, development, integration, implementation, deployment, administration and maintenance of all on-premise and cloud/hosted applications. _Skills Required:_ Advanced knowledge of Microsoft enterprise applications (MOSS, SQL Server, SCCM, IIS, Windows Server, Office Suite, etc). Strong understanding of solution implementation, project schedules and workflow analysis. Proven ability to effectively lead and direct staff in a competitive, high-energy environment and industry. Decision making, including budget development and allocation, resource expenditure, staffing levels, and policies and procedure. Strong organizational and time management skills. Ability to manage multiple tasks with multiple priorities in a high energy environment. Effective verbal, written and interpersonal communications. Ability to maintain attention to detail and ability to work effectively under pressure and within deadlines. Ability to maintain confidential and/or proprietary information. Ability to provide high level of internal customer service. _Job Function (duties and responsibilities):_ Align enterprise applications with strategic goals of the organization. Develop and facilitate effective IT application service planning and governance. Maintain Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Architecture, administration and development of enterprise applications, including: Intranet (SharePoint). Document Management and Workflow (Laserfiche) Workflow (K2 Blackperl/Smart Forms) ITIL – Service Desk (ServiceNow) CRM (Dynamics CRM) and supported applications (ClickDimensions/Solver BI360) Accounting/Reporting System (Dynamics GP/Solver BI360) Collaborate with business owners to understand needs, define scope and execute solution to improve end user efficiency. Effectively manage projects conducted by outside vendors. Change control systems and best-practices in a production environment ensuring operational integrity. _Supervisory Duties:_ Effectively perform all supervisory duties for the Senior Business Intelligence Developer and DBA and Information Technology Developer employees with responsibilities to include, but not be limited to, hiring, assigning and prioritizing workload, managing day-to-day responsibilities, providing guidance, performance management and termination. _Travel Requirements:_ Flexibility to travel between multiple office locations in Houston required. _Please note that while resumes of all candidates will be considered, as a way for the Texans organization to acknowledge and reciprocate the tremendous support given the Team by local fans and the local community in general, qualified candidates with permanent addresses in the Houston metropolitan and surrounding areas will be given first consideration whenever possible._ _If your skills and experience match our available position requirements, a Human Resources representative will contact you directly. Due to the volume of resumes received by the Houston Texans, we are unable to provide updates on the status of individual applications._ The Houston Texans organization is an Equal Opportunity Employer.