Company Overview At Pentair, we believe the health of our world depends on reliable access to clean water. We deliver the most comprehensive range of smart, sustainable water solutions to homes, business and industry around the world. Our industry leading and proven portfolio of solutions enables people, business and industry to access clean, safe water, reduce water consumption, and recover and reuse it. We help ensure water is clean when returned to the environment. Whether it’s for fitness and fun, healthier homes, better flood control, safer sky rises, more sustainable ways to farm, or safe drinking water for those who need it most, we won’t stop until the world’s water is managed the best way possible. From approximately 130 locations in 34 countries, Pentair’s 10,000 employees are united in our unwavering belief that the future of water depends on us. Our 2017 revenue was $2.8 billion, and we trade under the ticker symbol PNR. Job Summary Pentair currently has an opening for a Scientist III to join our team at our White Bear Lake, MN location. In this role, the Scientist will help develop new technologies and applies existing technologies to new applications. The Scientist III will also ssist and instruct Scientists and Technicians. We will: Create career growth and rotational opportunities within various areas of the organization Pay competitively Provide on the job training and mentoring in Pentair’s proven best practices Offer health benefits & coaching Support your long term retirement goals through a competitive 401K matching and stock purchase plan Offer employee discounts Protect you with life insurance and other options Tell you more about all the great benefits – just ask! You will: Perform filtration and separation related performance tests on products and prototypes utilizing test stands and analytical instrumentation according to applicable Work Instructions (WIs) or experimental plans. Help to develop experimental plans and design test set-ups based upon research needs. Lead Research and Development projects and reports to leadership Follow sample handling procedures and performs sample analyses using laboratory instrumentation. Build and test prototypes. Build test stands and develop new WI as required to accomplish required experimental plans. Accurately and neatly record all test data in laboratory record books and maintain well commented electronic data files. Perform data analysis and keep records of calculations and data analysis in permanent record files. Develop mathematical models for understanding and predicting physical and chemical processes. Follow all laboratory Chemical Hygiene Plan safety provisions facility safety policies. Consult Safety Data Sheets (SDS) before working with hazardous chemicals and knows location of and how to use safety equipment. Prepare complete and accurate test reports based on data generated by testing and data analysis. Use test data to complete product and process validation reports. Maintain neat and orderly work areas. Maintain laboratory instruments and test equipment. Develop new WIs and notifies Supervisor when existing WIs should be changed or updated. Assist and instruct Scientists and Technicians as required. Contact and arrange for outside testing services when necessary. Collect and organize data for upgrading lab instrumentation and analytical methods. Test new analytical methods and methods’ adaptations when required. Issue purchase order requests for required lab supplies or parts for test stand construction and maintain inventory of chemicals and lab supplies. Work with vendors to ensure lowest cost of purchased supplies. Develop design documentation for new products, such as FMEA, Design Input/Design Output, and Product Validation Plans. Conduct Design Validations and Process Validations. Job Requirements & Skills You should: Have earned at least a Bachelor's degree (B.A., B.S.) in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or Materials Science, Master’s or Ph.D. preferred Have 10+ years of experience in R &D; Have experience with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, Outlook, JDE, Visio or similar Possess fact-based problem solving and plan development Be innovative Be capable and safe with hand and power tools Be a critical thinker Use sound judgment Clearly express yourself orally and in writing Work efficiently Meet deadlines Actively listen to others Work with minimal supervision We like, but don’t require: Industrial/Academic experience in Membrane (RO, NF, UF, MF) synthesis, Polymer/Materials development for Filtration applications preferred EEO Statement We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.