The Position Genentech’s Early Clinical Development (ECD) department is seeking an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher reporting to the AI Team Lead. The ECD AI group impacts Clinical Operations in trial design, planning and predictive tools. The role will require cross-functional interactions with early research in discovery chemistry (CADD) and DMPK. The AI Researcher will act as a consultant and be required to both establish and apply new AI methods to specific problem domains within those functions. AI Researcher will develop and implement novel mathematical and algorithmic techniques for deep learning applications. These can be widely applicable or highly project specific. The main focus for this positions research direction in quantifying and developing methods for effective transfer learning in clinical, imaging and other domains for the application to new small sample size studies. The output will be new tooling, algorithms and novel publications which are effective in a prospective manner. Responsibilities Lead key AI pilots to ensure successful completion and develop plans to integrate capabilities into the normal early clinical development process Research into the construction of transfer learning metrics for imaging, IHC and clinical neural networks Develop new and novel models using clinical data and integration of multiple sub networks Provide mathematical support and guidance to other AI team members and stakeholders Possess in-depth knowledge of multiple real-world data assets and share information about these data to business partners and the ECDi team. Qualifications Experience (3+ years) developing machine learning algorithms for clinical domain, including the development and construction of metrics for machine learning Proven ability to represent data in medical informatics using ICD. CPT, LOINC, SNOMED, and RxNorm as well as programming with Python, iPython, Spark, MatplotLib Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to lead cross functional multi-disciplinary teams Able to work in teams and collaborate with others to solve the most challenging business problems Tensorflow, PyTorch, and PIL are a plus Education Phd in Mathematics or computer science, postdoctoral training required.