Job Description Summary Responsible for coordinating, developing, and managing business line reports presented to Senior Management and Board level Committees; controlling workflow activities and deadlines; and maintaining, organizing, and gathering information. The Data Analytics Analyst collaborates with management and business partners to identify key messages and objectives of the report, coordinates with subject manager experts to develop report contents, manages the review cycles, and supports Senior Reporting Analysts to ensure timely submission of the Committee Reports to Committee Coordinators. Essential Job Functions Own the preparation, curation & ongoing maintenance of SAS datasets to support modeling, analytics & business reporting. Lead & manage data augmentation, clean up and data quality issue resolution. Partners with subject matter experts to extract, filter, and aggregate data using logical queries and basic or complex programming (mostly using SQL and SAS). Constructs data metrics, statistics, and analyses. Provide trend analysis through the data analysis. Develop architectural solutions for strategic RBG business initiatives Have the ability to facilitate, coordinate and elicit reporting requirements from multiple stakeholders. Creates, distributes, and manages various Senior Management and Board level reports with multiple or various function focus. Executes procedures to ensure all reports and supporting documents are completed accurately and within required timeframes. Plans and maintains the schedule and workflow for multiple reports and administrative tasks. Works directly with subject matter experts to produce, contribute, review, or approve the results. Manages projects and/or small teams to support new initiatives or other automation efforts. Other Job Duties Performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Required Experience Hands-on experience using SAS and SQL for at least 3 years, preferably at a financial institution May have practical knowledge of project management. Education Bachelor's Degree Skills SAS and SQL through hands-on work experience. Knowledge of Tableau is a plus. Ability to work under pressure and produce deliverables within required timeframes and quality standards. Ability to juggle multiple projects at one time Strong interpersonal skills: verbal, written and listening. Ability to condense information and transform technical data into easily understandable concepts. Strong partnering skills. Strong sense of ownership, urgency and drive Demonstrated customer focus - evaluate decisions through the eyes of the customer Basic understanding of financial industry, risk management, and/or corporate security. Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law. Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran. Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.