The incumbent is expected to perform the following functions that the company has determined are essential to this position: Primary Responsibilities: Support warranty claim reduction activity with Aisin manufacturing, design, and customer teams Collection and analysis of warranty claim data to understand trends in data. The reporting of this information to both internal teams and external customers is a critical requirement for this position. Monthly warranty review meetings with the Aisin N.A. plants (NAPs) and engineering team (ATC-A) Participate in new project launch "OBEYA" activity to achieve Early Detection / Early Resolution (EDER) of issues Create customer warranty cost share packages using the defined process Support "Go and See" investigation activities to understand the issue and voice of the customer for NTF reduction Provide period warranty reports to QA management with a clear, visual understanding of the current warranty status (Frequency determined by QA management) Review warranty return claim recovery parts, perform initial analysis of parts, and monitor customer due dates for analysis reporting Advanced problem-solving to identify next steps in identifying cause and developing a plan of action Support activities shown in association with the Aisin North American Quality Assurance annual job plan as well as the Aisin NA long term business plan Other tasks and duties as assigned Secondary Responsibilities: Assist in the development of operational (Quality) manuals and training material for identified key quality methods and concepts. Plan, schedule, and deliver training sessions, as needed / requested, by AWA management or NAP locations. Work closely with AISIN Group Companies and NAP locations to develop a "One AISIN" team attitude Candidates applying for positions with Aisin must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. To the selected candidate, Aisin offers a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits and outstanding growth opportunities. Aisin is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Requirements Required Skills and Abilities Essential Skills and Experience: 3-5 years of prior related experience Ability to coordinate and negotiate with customer and AISIN facilities Root Cause Analysis / Troubleshooting capability Proficient with Microsoft Excel, Access, Word and PowerPoint Beneficial Skills and Experience: Knowledge of Seven Basic QC Tools Education/Training/Certifications Bachelor degree (concentration in Engineering is preferred) Work Environment Requirements Must be able to operate a personal computer, telephone and other office equipment. Must perform job duties onsite, except those duties that are customarily or by their nature performed offsite (for example, offsite customer visits). Must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment where constructive criticism is encouraged. Must be able to work on multiple assignments at once, and complete assignments within deadline and budget (if applicable) with satisfactory quality. Must be able to operate as an effective team member. Must be committed to a high standard of safety and be willing and able to comply with all safety laws and all company safety policies. Attendance/Work Hour Requirements Must maintain an acceptable attendance record. Must be willing and available to work such weekends and holidays as necessary and desirable to meet business needs. Travel Requirements Approximately 20-25% travel required Must have a valid U.S. passport or ability to obtain such Must be willing and available to travel to such locations and with such frequency as is necessary and desirable to meet business needs. Candidates applying for positions with Aisin must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. To the selected candidate, Aisin offers a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits and outstanding growth opportunities. Aisin is an Equal Opportunity Employer.