Note: This position is located at our St. Catherine campus at: 701 S. Fry Road, Katy, TX 77450 The Business Analyst is responsible for analysis and operational reporting support for the business office or assigned group applications, configuration, maintenance, testing and hardware/software support for computer based corporate application system upgrades, new releases, and optimization implementation. The Business Analyst is also responsible for the management of the assigned groups profile process and data integrity. The position can support assigned the assigned group in the creation and interpretation of business reports for analysis and variances. This position requires critical thinking, attention to detail, and effective communication skills. The position requires the person to have the ability to work collaboratively with teams and take a lead role to perform the duties of liaison with Information Technology, the Physician Organization and other constituents as appropriate. The Business Analyst must be versatile and be able to communicate effectively in front of a group when providing training and education. The position requires experience and knowledge of business system metrics and ability to work in multiple applications including database analytics/support. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES PEOPLE 25% 1\. Provide technical assistance to peers and clients. 2\. Facilitate discussions between assigned group and various technical groups, i.e. IT Epic and IT Reporting. 3\. Identify and validate business objectives, and generate solutions that align with Houston Methodists business goals and IT standards. 4\. Functions in a lead role, as changes and upgrades are implemented, to coordinate testing and auditing of the process with Information Technology, working out issues with customers and vendor, making changes and corrections as needed, and coordinating communication of changes to customers. 5\. Communicates (oral and written) effectively with customers, vendors, colleagues, and management about services, contact information, system availability, and information to sustain a high level of knowledge in the user community. 6\. Partners with software vendor to communicate issues and work on resolutions. SERVICE 20% 1\. Manage and coordinate IT activities during the lifecycle of multiple applications. 2\. Provide front line application and hardware support for multiple applications 3\. Manage and prepare reporting, both ad-hoc and on-going reports. 4\. Proposes solutions to problems and considers timeliness, effectiveness and practicality in addressing client needs. 5\. Manage a coordinated User Acceptance Test (UAT) effort. FINANCE 10% 1\. Perform business analysis and identifies opportunities. QUALITY/SAFETY 15% 1\. Document business requirements as appropriate, and identify opportunities for process improvement. 2\. Ensure the onboarding and editing process for user profiles is optimal, and meets client needs. 3\. Ensure physician referral business rules are being followed through analysis as applicable 4\. Practices good time management, good assessment in professional decision- making, and management reporting skills. GROWTH/INNOVATION 10% 1\. Develop and document business case/scope/plan, business/functional requirements 2\. Develop and recommend solutions based on business analysis. This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Masters degree preferred. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Minimum of 5 years of experience in healthcare or similar work environment with a college degree. Must have at least 4-6 years of experience in Business Systems Analysis, requirement gathering and documentation as well as strong Project Management technical Skills CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED None SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED 1\. Strong verbal and written communication skills, with attention to details. 2\. Must be able to take a lead role to analyze data to identify opportunities for improvement. 3\. Demonstrates expert knowledge in working with integration and interfaces to other systems. 4\. Extensive PC software skills and experience; including Microsoft Word/Excel/Access/ Project, and other database management and reporting software 5\. Requires documentation expertise including experience creating Business Requirements, Functional and Non-Functional Requirements, Workflows, etc. 6\. Background in business process analysis, system requirements, as well as data modeling and detailed functional design 7\. Background in system test planning and execution (UAT) 8\. Advanced analytical thinking and creative problem solving, (ability to define multiple approaches to business problems, exposure to business process re-engineering) 9\. Strong analytical problem-solving skills, analysis and design skills, communication and documentation skills, and strong customer service skills. 10\. Must have expert computer skills in working with office applications such as word processing and spreadsheet applications. 11\. Must have organizational skills with special attention on details and be able to work independently. 12\. Must demonstrate ability to provide guidance to junior staff. 13\. Demonstrable proficiency in simultaneously managing multiple priorities and assignments. 14\. Demonstrates ability to utilize personal computers and standard office equipment. 15\. Demonstrates proficiency to maintain expert knowledge about the system through participation in vendor classes, vendor client conferences, and working with vendor support. 16\. Demonstrates proficiency in maintaining operational procedures to ensure data integrity and maximum system availability. 17\. Demonstrates proficiency in documenting application specific support information (e.g. developing Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ), daily procedures, etc.) and maintaining the information on the Intranet. 18\. Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security. 19\. Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles.