Work Schedule: Monday-Friday, 7:00am-3:30pm Position Description Title/PD: Motor Vehicle Operator-PD6843-A RELOCATION INCENTIVE/RECRUITMENT INCENTIVE IS NOT AUTHORIZED. This position is located at the Veterans Administration Palo Alto Health Care System (VAPAHCS). VAPAHCS consists of three inpatient facilities located at Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and Livermore, plus seven outpatient clinics in San Jose, Capitola, Monterey, Stockton, Modesto, Sonora, and Fremont. Incumbent functions as a Motor Vehicle Operator in the Warehouse Section of Logistics Management Service and is under the supervision of the Chief, Warehouse Operations (Materials Handler Supervisor). The major duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Exercise care and caution in the operation of vehicles while fulfilling their assignments, and is expected to comply with all Federal Government and local ordinances and restrictions and to drive safely at all times. Load supplies and equipment using proper care for delivery to using services. Some equipment, due to its complexity, must have very special and careful handling in transporting to its destination and the employee must be able complete deliveries without damage. Collect hazardous waste from various locations throughout the Medical Center. Perform any additional duties as directed by the Chief, Warehouse Operations. Your background must demonstrate experience in how to load the cargo onto the vehicle; how to arrange the load so that the heavier items are placed at the bottom of the vehicle bed in such a way as to provide the most support to these items; how to build up the cargo; how to spread the load for best support; and how to secure the load to prevent shifting or falling off the vehicle, must be able to recognize hazardous conditions and change routes to avoid them. EXPERIENCE: A specific length of training and experience is not required, but you must show evidence of training or experience of sufficient scope and quality of your ability to do the work of this position. Evidence which demonstrates you possess the knowledge, skills, and ability to perform the duties of this position must be supported by detailed descriptions of such on your resume or OF-612. Applicants will be rated in accordance with the OPM Qualification Standard Handbook X-118C ( www.opm.gov/qualifications/x-118c ). Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. SCREEN-OUT ELEMENT: Your qualifications will first be evaluated against the prescribed screen out element, which usually appears as question 1 in the on-line questionnaire. Those applicants who appear to possess at least the minimal acceptable qualification requirement are considered for further rating; those who do not are rated ineligible and are eliminated. The potential eligibles are then rated against the remainder of the questions. The screen-out element(s) for this position is: Posses a valid/current drivers license. JOB ELEMENTS: Those who meet the minimum level of experience and training for the screen-out element will then be evaluated in each of the following job elements: Work practices (including keeping things neat, clean and in order) as related to safe operation of motor vehicles. Ability to interpret instructions, specifications, etc., (other than blueprints) for fulfillment of driving assignments. Technical Practices-Knowledge of shipping, receiving, and inventory management techniques. Materials-Knowledge of Materials (knowledge of warehousing materials, tools, and equipment and pallet jacks, forklifts and hand trucks. The VA Palo Alto Health Care System (VAPAHCS) consists of three inpatient facilities located at Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and Livermore, plus seven outpatient clinics in San Jose, Fremont, Capitola, Monterey, Stockton, Modesto, and Sonora. These facilities provide some of the world's finest medical care and cutting-edge technology. VAPAHCS is a teaching hospital with an affiliation with the Stanford University School of Medicine which provides a rich academic environment including medical training for physicians in virtually all specialties and subspecialties. Our Health Care System operates over 800 beds, including three nursing homes and a 100-bed homeless domiciliary - all to serve more than 67,000 enrolled Veterans. You can learn more about VAPAHCS by visiting http://www.paloalto.va.gov/about Special Employment Consideration: VA encourages persons with disabilities to apply, including those eligible for hiring under 5 CFR 213.3102(u), Schedule A, Appointment of persons with disabilities [i.e., intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities], and/or Disabled veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more. Contact the Agency Contact on the last page of the JOA for information on how to apply under this appointment authority via the Selective Placement Coordinator. PHYSICAL EFFORT/REQUIREMENTS: Drivers at this grade level exert light physical effort in reaching, bending, turning, or moving hands, arms, feet and legs to operate hand and foot controls. The incumbent may be required to work at a rapid pace for long periods of time. The physical effort exercised by the employee requires incumbent to be in excellent physical condition and should be able to handle, lift or carry items weighing up to 70 pounds. Driver is required to be able to drive, handle, manipulate and control in a proper and safe manner gasoline or diesel-powered vehicles with a gross vehicle weight of more than 7,000 pounds and, less than 26,000 pounds, a ž ton, 1 ? ton truck, or a forklift of approximately 7,000 pounds to 18,000 pounds capacities. WORKING CONDITIONS : Work is performed both inside and outside of warehouses. Incumbent may work inside areas that are hot, cold, damp, drafty and poorly lighted. The incumbent may be occasionally exposed to bad weather conditions while loading and unloading vehicles. The work may be dirty, dusty, and greasy. The incumbent drives in all types of traffic and weather and is exposed to the possibility of serious accidents. The incumbent is subject to cuts, bruises, and broken bones as a result of accidents while driving or when loading and unloading the vehicle. Work may require wearing protective clothing such as steel toed shoes, rubber gloves, masks, and back support. The incumbent is often required to stand on hard surfaces for extended periods of time, and to bend, stoop, and work in tiring and sometimes uncomfortable positions. None All applicants are requires to submit the following supporting documents based on applicability: Resume (Required for ALL applicants) DD-214 (if applying as a Veteran) Other Veterans Documents (if applicable - e.g. VBA Letter) SF-15 (if Veteran claiming 10 point preference) Non-Award SF-50 (VA, other Federal Employees, and Reinstatement eligible) In addition to the above documents, applicants may also submit the following: Cover Letter OF-306 Declaration for Federal Employment https://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/of0306.pdf(Required if selected) Please use this checklist to ensure you have included other documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), documentation to support Veterans Preference claims, or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). You will not be contacted for additional information. Need help building your resume? Please visit USAJOBS - Support https://my.usajobs.gov/supportAccount-Resumes for assistance. Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference on the Occupational Questionnaire in the section provided and provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) and/or documentation related to your active duty service which shows dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), or dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veterans Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. For more information, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx. Faxing Applications or Supporting Documents: You are encouraged to apply online. Applying online will allow you to review and track the status of your application. If you are unable to apply online or unable to upload your supporting documents to your online application, follow the directions located at the following site: Fax Options. The Vacancy ID of the job opportunity announcement is 10267870. NOTE: If you applied online and your application is complete, do not fax the paper application (1203-FX) as this will overwrite your prior online responses and may result in you being found ineligible.