GENERAL DESCRIPTION The Investment Business Analyst performs and leads highly complex analysis, design and administration of investment information systems. Work involves planning, designing, implementing and administering of automated investment information and reporting systems; compiling, analyzing, evaluating and reporting on investment processes and related financial data; and consulting with Investments and TRS management on information and reporting needs. Works under limited supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This position reports to an Investment Operations Manager. Compensation: The TRS Investment Management Division offers an attractive compensation package consisting of base salary, annual performance incentive bonus, a defined-benefit pension plan as well as 401(k) and 457 retirement plans, and comprehensive benefits. Candidates must attach a resume to application to be considered. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Project Management and Business Analysis Leads multiple and concurrent automation projects or projects involving specialized knowledge/skills, including developing and implementing project plans and coordinating the work of staff assigned to the project. Establishes functional requirements to solve complex business problems, prepares detailed specifications for developers, and develops and provides support documentation to business groups and clients. Oversees the development and implementation of investment information systems project plans, manages overall project communications and resolves business issues. Coordinates with vendors and TRS staff to implement system changes and updates. Oversees the business application administration of investments information systems. Systems Analysis and Reporting Performs high-level analysis of end user business processes and automation needs, and develops application systems or new computer programs and enhancements for existing programs to better meet those needs. Leads and performs thorough assessments of investment analysis, data, security, and reporting needs, including conferring with Investments/TRS management and staff to define scope and deliverables to meet business data and reporting needs. Leads development and implementation of operating controls and procedures for investment information systems. Develops new or revises existing data analysis and reporting system techniques, models, and methodologies. Compiles, analyzes, evaluates, and reports on investment processes and related financial data. Support Responds to requests for assistance routed by Helpdesk staff and troubleshoots and resolves application-related problems as needed. Develops and documents technology standards for the IMD. Provides training and technical assistance to IMD staff. Provides subject matter expertise to other Business Analysts and Investment users. Performs related work as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS/LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university. High school graduation or equivalent and full-time professional financial analysis and reporting, investment operations and reporting, systems analysis, or closely related experience may substitute for the required education on an equivalent year-for-year basis. Experience Four (4) years of full-time project management, business analysis, systems analysis, financial reporting, or closely related experience. Experience managing projects utilizing Agile methodologies. Experience may be concurrent. Registration, Certification, or Licensure: None. _Preferred_ Qualifications Two (2) years of experience with investment management systems or operations, SQL, Microsoft Excel, Access, Project, and SharePoint. Project Management Professional (PMP) or Certified Scrum Master (CSM) certified. Experience with investment data process improvement. Graduate degree in business administration, finance, or a related field. Veterans / Military Crosswalk : TRS is committed to maintaining a veteran-friendly workplace and attracting, developing and retaining military service members as employees. To assist in determining whether your military experience may relate to the minimum qualifications for this position, Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) codes from each branch of the armed forces have been assigned to each state classification title where applicable. Depending upon actual duties, the following fields may pertain to the minimum qualifications of this position. Candidates who meet the minimum qualifications for this position are highly encouraged to apply. U.S. Army Occupational Codes – Enlisted: 25B, 25D, 25N. Officer: 255A, 255S. U.S. Navy Ratings and Designators – Enlisted: CT, CTM, IT. Officer: 181X, 182X, 681X, 682X, 781X, 782X. U.S. Coast Guard Ratings – Enlisted: 275, IT. Officer: 26, 030, C4I11, C4I11, ISM. U.S. Marine Corps Occupational Fields – Enlisted: 0171. Officer: 8848, 8858. U.S. Air Force Specialty Codes – Enlisted: 3D0X2, 3D0X4. Officer: No military equivalent. Please contact the TRS Human Resources Department or the TRS Veterans Liaison with questions or for additional information. Additional Military Crosswalk information can be found at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Knowledge of: Global securities, financial, accounting, and investment concepts and terminology. Skill in: Project management, including planning, organizing and coordinating work assignments to effectively meet frequent and/or multiple deadlines, in handling multiple tasks simultaneously, and in managing conflicting priorities and demands. Analyzing problems and devising effective solutions. Business process management and improvement. Negotiation and consensus building. Effective verbal and written communication of complex and technical information to people of varying technical backgrounds, including skill in presenting analysis and recommendations. Project planning and management; planning, organizing, and coordinating work to meet frequent and/or multiple deadlines; and handling multiple tasks simultaneously. Managing conflicting priorities and demands. Providing effective customer service. Ability to: Establish and maintain harmonious working relationships with co-workers, agency staff, and external contacts. Work effectively in a professional, matrix team environment. Physical Requirements and/or Working Conditions Work is performed in a standard office environment and requires: normal cognitive abilities including the ability to learn, recall, and apply certain practices and policies; marginal or corrected visual and auditory requirements; constant use of personal computers, copiers, printers, and telephones; the ability to move about the office to access file cabinets and office machinery; frequent sitting and/or remaining in a stationary position; and the ability to work under deadlines, as a team member, and in direct contact with others. Workforce Expectations Must be able to: regularly, reliably, and punctually attend work; work extended hours as necessary; travel occasionally for work assignments and trainings; show flexibility and adaptability toward changes in assignments and work schedules; adhere to the agency's internal management policies and procedures; and exhibit work behaviors consistent with agency core values.