Sets the vision and direction for the design of new digital product research that maintain TWDC’s reputation for performance and extraordinary commitment to quality. Partners with Advanced Technology leaders companywide to develop integrated products, solutions, and advancements across the content development and delivery value chain. Uses visionary skills to inspire advanced research team to develop and deliver creative solutions in the face of an ever-evolving digital landscape. Leads resource allocation decisions for digital product development within the Advanced Research group Partners with senior technology leadership to transition projects out of R&D; and into production deployment Manages company-wide R&D; portfolio of existing products through the creation of a framework for existing products and new product development through an open innovation platform. Deep understanding of OTT video, Virtual/Augmented Reality, Voice Assistants/Navigation, Wearable Devices, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Vision 15+ years of demonstrated experience managing large, complex development projects from inception through completion. Experienced in agile and project management and continuous development Proven ability to coach and lead a team that executes consistently, rapidly, and effectively. Experience identifying, developing, and implementing tools and processes to empower teams and collaboration BAMTECH Media is a place for the creative and the bold. We’re seeking talent across disciplines to join our team. Whether New York City, San Francisco, Manchester or Amsterdam we provide opportunities to elevate your career and transform an industry BAMTECH is a leading technology services and video streaming company owned by The Walt Disney Company, MLBAM, and the National Hockey League. Our proprietary technology provides direct-to-consumer video solutions, especially for live events with high viewership, offering viewers high-quality visuals any time and on any device. Reporting to the EVP & CTO, Disney Streaming Services, the Vice President, Advanced Research, will advance how consumers interact with digital media through the use of innovative technology. Positioned at the confluence of streaming video, interactivity, big data, and traditional storytelling, this leader will create a sustainable digital advantage through the development of technologies in OTT video, Virtual/Augmented Reality, Voice Assistants/Navigation, Wearable Devices, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Vision. 583097