An Operations Engineer for the IP NOC Operations team is responsible for the maintenance, monitoring, and repair of complex IP network issues on the CenturyLink Production Networks. Complex network issues are typically escalated via the Customer Support Teams, other Operational Support teams, Engineering or Peering networks. In addition to resolving difficult network issues, an Operations Engineer reviews maintenance and configuration procedures, performs root cause analysis for network events, implements assigned network maintenance and deployment work, and updates network documentation as necessary. An Operations Engineer has in-depth knowledge of networking protocols, network device platforms, ISP network architecture, maintenance procedures, and troubleshooting methodology. Excellent communication skills are necessary for this position as the successful candidate interfaces with management, IP Engineering, IP NOC support teams, and other internal organizations. Operations Engineers participate in shift rotations as required. High level troubleshooting skills and event management experience are essential for this position. The successful Operations Engineer candidate must be well organized, motivated, a team player, with the ability to manage multiple projects/tasks while paying close attention to detail. Job Description Maintain, troubleshoot, and repair the global networks of combined companies. This requires extensive knowledge in BGP/MPLS/VPLS/OSPF. The IP NOC works on all platforms on the network for the various products that are offered; DIA, VPN, VPLS, VOIP, Video and Conferencing. Work with existing monitoring tools to proactively open tickets on issues that occur. This includes notifying the events teams if an outage occurs. Owns and works escalated issues to completion. Joins technical issue conference calls, assesses network impact, implements corrective action to restore network to original condition, engages other teams as necessary, provides regular status updates to management and writes up the event post-mortem from a technical standpoint. Verifies Methods of Procedures (MOPs) prior to work being scheduled and executed (GCRs) in order to ensure that planned activities on the Production network are carried out with minimal disruptions to existing services. Performs root cause analysis and provides proposed corrective actions. Creates and executes procedures to address corrective actions and resolves chronic failures. Clearly communicates expected impact to internal customers and/or network in approval statement. Ensures the MOP can be carried out in accordance with accepted maintenance standards. Implements after-hours maintenance requests as needed while notifying the Change Management Team of maintenance status as necessary. Provides technical support and guidance to the IP NOC, Field Support teams, Customer Support personnel, and Deployment teams in North America, South/Central America, Asia and European arenas. Qualifications 2- 3 years of experience with a BA/BS degree or equivalent education and experience. In depth knowledge of network routing protocols, network platforms, and data center architecture (Juniper, Nokia, Cisco). Scripting and tools development a big plus 2-3 years experience in technical support or engineering role preferred Advanced computer skills Strong communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills Shift/On call flexibility Attention to detail Good organizational skills Alternate Location: US-Arizona-Phoenix Requisition : 201013 This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website athttp://find. centurylink. jobs/testguides/ EEO Statement We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses ). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training. Disclaimer The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.