Job Description Exciting role as a commissioned sales engineer in Intel’s sales and marketing group. Responsible for managing the business and relationship between Intel and one of its largest customer in the areas of High Performance Computing, Big Data and emerging field of AI. In this role, the Field Sales Engineer is responsible for managing and driving Intel's relationship with a primary focus on: Growing our revenue with the customer in the field of high performance computing, big data and exciting and emerging field of Artificial Intelligence. All design win and design-in activities for our Enterprise HPC and AI product group into the customer's products. Work very closely with DCG business unit to align Intel product plans with both broad market and specific customer requirements. Be the Voice of the Customer into the division. Aligning customer roadmap with Intel roadmap to ensure maximization of share of wallet, optimal product cycle alignment and time-to-market alignment of key technologies. Winning designs to maximize Intel penetration into the customer's product portfolio in a competitive space where Intel is not the incumbent. Successfully build collaborative marketing plans with the customer to ensure the success of the design-wins once they go to market, including launch, sustaining, and product lifecycle/transition to next generation product. Influence business unit programs and products to better meet market demands and keep Intel competitive. Qualifications The ideal candidate must possess a degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related discipline (MS or MBA preferred). Minimum 5 years of sales engineering or applications support in a customer facing role. _Additional Profile Characteristics Preferred_ Willingness to have C-level discussions and build C-level relationships Excellent verbal and written communication skills with ability to influence customers at multiple levels on product and solution strategies Willingness to create, set and execute a business plan spanning across multiple groups Capable of working across geographies, time zones, companies, and organizations Strong understanding of a broad array of DCG market trends, products and solution strategies Comfortable representing a broad array of adjacent technologies and products such as Fabric, SSD, FPGA Excellent time management and organizational skills are needed in order to prioritize tasks in an interrupt-driven environment Inside this Business Group Intel's Sales and Marketing (SMG) organization works with global customers and partners to solve critical business problems with Intel based technology solutions. SMG works across business units to amplify the customers voice and deliver solutions that accelerate their business. Our teams work across the entire sales cycle, pushing ingredient products to our "billings" customers while also pulling end solutions through to "consumption". We work across numerous industries, including retail, enterprise and government, cloud services and healthcare as examples. The operations team focuses on forecasting, driving alignment with factory production and delivering efficiency tools and our marketing capability drives demand and localized marketing in locations around the globe. Our sales force navigates a complex partner and customer ecosystem while shaping product roadmaps, driving value for our customers, and collaborating to harness emerging technology trends to deliver comprehensive solutions. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.