Overview The CMMS Data Analyst is responsible for supporting the enterprise computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) that provides maintenance data reporting across Contract Operations groups. This role is responsible for analyzing and reporting consolidated maintenance and asset management data, benchmarks, KPIs and trends. The CMMS Data Analyst liaises with the IT Director – Enterprise Applications and with the system vendor to understand and manage user security, system upgrades and change requests. In addition, this role supports users, managers and executives by helping them to create meaningful dashboards and reports specific to their roles and their facilities. Must have specific experience with eMaint CMMS software implementation, maintenance and management Must be familiar with the goals and objectives for a CMMS program within the water and wastewater industry This position is also open to remote location Responsibilities This position Develops, builds and oversees the cross facility/project reporting and centralization of maintenance data. Collaborates with corporate, regional, and project staff in the development of user dashboards and reports for consolidation and review of key data from multiple project databases. Reviews project-level data and produces management reports at various levels analyzing maintenance and asset management data, benchmarks, KPIs and trends Assists management with data interpretation and develops functional ways to present data to facilitate management oversight Collaborates with Regional/Project Managers to initialize and build new facility/project databases during the implementation phase and during the onboarding of new projects during the transition process. Understands and assists with standardizing work processes, standards and SOPs to ensure accurate, efficient and consistent data capture in the field Assists Project/Plant Managers with troubleshooting databases Assists with new project implementation, database set-up Provides training for new CMMS users Liaises with IT to ensure that the CMMS is managed in accordance with all Company protocols and to understand how periodic vendor software upgrades will impact use of the system. Qualifications EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS _Education/Experience_ : BS degree and 7-10 years related experience. Experience in the water/wastewater utilities sector and understanding of water and wastewater operations and maintenance is required. _Technical_ : Extensive experience and expertise in CMMS report-building and use of reporting tools. Skilled at aggregating data collected from multiple data sources. Experienced with interpreting and analyzing data and trends using statistical analysis. Understands database permissions and data security. Specific experience with eMaint is required. Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office applications is required. _Communication_ : Communicates clearly, professionally and concisely; verbally and in writing. Contributes to a positive internal & external customer experience. Maintains composure in challenging situations. Collaborates with others. Seeks constructive feedback. Promotes a culture of diversity, respect and accountability. Constructively challenges others through productive discussion. _Problem Solving & Quality_ : Understands and values the importance of accuracy in regulatory compliance reporting. Pays attention to detail and checks work for quality. Skilled at troubleshooting complex problems. Escalates issues appropriately. Shares suggestions to improve quality and productivity. _Managing for Results_ : Works independently with minimal supervision. Follows all company policies and SOPs. Manages multiple tasks. Meets time commitments for completing projects and assignments. Demonstrates flexibility in workflow and scheduling. _Leadership & Initiative_: Demonstrates a positive attitude. Acts in accordance with company vision, mission and values. Takes accountability for own performance. Willing to take on additional assignments. Seeks out opportunities for development. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The work environment is characteristic of an office environment: sitting, standing, walking, bending and lifting are required to perform job responsibilities. The employee must occasionally lift and move up to 20 lbs. TRAVEL Periodic travel estimated at 25-30%.