Description: Skorpios Technologies, Inc. an innovator in composite silicon photonic technology and semiconductor development is rapidly expanding. We are in search of a hard-working and motivated integration engineers to provide support to our night shift production teams who work 12 hour compressed schedules. The Integration Engineer is responsible for developing production ready, repeatable, high yielding processes for state-of-the-art highly specialized devices in the fields of Aerospace, Defense, Bioelectronics and high-speed communications. The Integration Engineer must have both broad and hands-on knowledge of dielectric deposition, metal deposition, CMP, dry-etch, wet-etch and photolithography. This is an opportunity to work with a highly motivated, high performance technical team on highly differentiated, disruptive technologies. Responsibilities and Duties: The candidate will serve as an Integration Engineer in the integration group which is responsible for developing and executing integration plans and schedules which demonstrate concept and feasibility of new devices and novel technologies with established manufacturing tools and processes. Such devices often are not on the ITRS Roadmap and will involve creative use of external and Skorpios’ resources. The projects will be for both external customers and internal technology development. The Integration Engineer must have a strong understanding of all major process modules (etch, diffusion, films, litho, etc.) and understand their interactions in an integrated process flow. The Engineer must be able to understand and protect both customer and Skorpios’ IP while simultaneously developing new IP. The Engineer will work closely with the customer and Skorpios’ module engineering groups to identify critical unit processes and create process flows which meet technical objectives of the program. The individual is expected to work collaboratively with Skorpios’ resources and the customer engineers in order to establish detailed project plans and complete deliverables. Key Tasks, Duties and Responsibilities: 40%: plan, lead and carry out demonstrations of new technology in advanced process flows 30%: evaluate new product flows and unit processes to accomplish planned task and document lessons learned and foreground IP per contractual obligations 30%: report the results to the customer, writing summary reports and presentations and selected technical conference. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree with a focus in Semiconductor, Material & Science or Chemistry Hands-on integration engineering experience in advanced semiconductor/ MEMS process technology development or related field is highly desired Individuals with advanced degrees and experience in a development environment are welcomed to apply Experienced in building full development process flows, with the know-how to integrate all process modules from start to finish is valuable Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: Ability to work well with customers and teams of engineers, collaborate with multiple internal groups (Account Management, Operations, etc.), and provide direction to customers Knowledge of lean manufacturing and statistical tools Technical writing skills Technology transfer experience desirable Must be able to work in a dynamic start-up environment Knowledge of advanced semiconductor processing, integration and device design is preferred Candidates with expertise in Front End (FEOL), Back End (BEOL), MEMS, microfluidics and the integration of novel devices or exotic materials are encouraged to apply Broad expertise in photolithography, dry/wet-etch, deposition, thin films, CMP and metrology is very helpful Ability to plan and prioritize activities, perform and monitor multiple overlapping tasks/operations to meet goals and timelines Experience in the evaluation of electrical-test data is beneficial Backgrounds in device physics and experience with process and device simulation are helpful Strong ownership/responsiveness in a manufacturing environment Strong technical team direction skills Good data analysis/statistics skills Good oral/written communication skills Physical Requirements/Work Environment: Successful completion of a post-offer pre-employment drug screen and background check The job is somewhat sedentary, consisting of sitting, standing and walking. May at times carry, push or pull items in excess of 10 pounds Daily use of a computer, copy machine, telephone and general office equipment Work in a cleanroom environment wearing cleanroom gowns and regular use of metrology or characterization equipment Other Special Requirements: Ability to travel less than 5% No Relocation provided Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position