Next IT, a Verint company, has an immediate need for a Business Analyst to work out of our Spokane, WA office. Business Analyst (BA) is responsible for gaining and communicating a clear understanding of the business needs of our customers and for defining business requirements that deliver an exceptional user experience while meeting those business needs. The BA may work independently as part of a strategic consulting engagement or as a member of a delivery team. The BA will be responsible for managing tasks and deliverables across multiple projects simultaneously. The expertise and work effort primarily focuses on identifying, understanding, and documenting key customer problems. This role will be based in Spokane WA. Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities: Identify, validate, and prioritize business problems that can be addressed by our technology, engaging the appropriate project team members where appropriate. Serve as the primary point of contact and consult with appropriate stakeholders to determine and document business, functional, and technical requirements for Alme implementations. Maintain a broad view of the project to ensure that requirements in any given area continue to align with the project’s success criteria. Critically evaluate large volumes of summary- or detail-level business data from varying sources and present actionable feedback about the findings to executives, information architects, and other project stakeholders. Continually measure the performance of existing software implementations with a focus on identifying enhancements to improve the user experience and business value. Collect and accurately interpret, and communicate reports and business metrics to support decisions in the software development lifecycle. Present solution recommendations to stakeholders based upon collected data and best practices from other projects. Work independently as the only Business Analyst on a project. Contribute to the maintenance of internal process and standards documentation. Contribute feedback to the development and improvement of proprietary tools. Minimum Requirements: Bachelor’s degree(s) or equivalent experience required; Minimum of 3 years working in the areas of Business/Systems Analysis, Systems Integration & Deployment, Customer Relationship Management, Process Engineering, Knowledge/Content Management, or Call Center/Customer Service operations; Travel Requirements: Estimated at 0-25% depending on the project; Successful completion of Verint’s background check screening process including, but not limited to, employment verification, criminal search, OFAC, and SS verification; Preferred Requirements: Knowledge management systems is a plus.