About the role: As a Software and Data Pipeline Architect, you will be responsible for designing, building, testing, and documenting data pipelines that stream data in near real-time from our source of truth (PostgreSQL) to supplemental data sources like ElasticSearch, Redshift, and MemSQL.We are looking for candidates passionate about working in dynamic languages such as Python or Ruby and experienced in optimizing database design in PostgreSQL, Redshift, etc. Our team is primarily using Django server-side, interacting with PostgreSQL, Redis, and ElasticSearch, all running on AWS. On the frontend, we use ES6 JavaScript with tools like Chart.js and OpenLayers. We’re also in the process of migrating to React. Qualifications: You're a first-rate experienced backend programmer who's worked with multiple tools and languages to build MVC webapps using frameworks such as Django, Flask, or Rails, as well as RESTful API design using appropriate tools. You can integrate data from multiple data sources via RESTful API’s. You have multiple years of experience coding in Python or Ruby You deeply understand important design patterns and tradeoffs. You have a deep understanding of design patterns and implementations for streaming data pipelines with strong experience using tools like Kafka, Kinesis, AWS Lambdas, and more to stream data in real-time between databases. You seek out ways to optimize the performance of web applications to maximize speed and scale. You are very comfortable working with ORM's as well as SQL and other RDBMS features like partitioning and triggers. You have experience working with caching and queueing systems. You want to automate routine tasks and understand when, where, and how to use CI/CD pipeline tools. You care about working with and mentoring more junior engineers. About MineralSoft: MineralSoft is the leading asset management software provider for the trillion dollar mineral-rights asset class. Our technology is the first and only solution to fully digitize the ecosystem and move vital workflows into an integrated software solution. We empower our customers to answer questions that help validate and maximize their asset value and payments and also provide decision-making support around when to buy, sell or hold. This is a high impact, high reward opportunity with an established Austin-based oil & gas SaaS and data platform company.