BASIC PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF POSITION Participates in translation of the company’s business requirements to define the structures of solutions and architectures and can include systems, applications, and process components. The Network Engineer understands business and technology needs, works in levels of abstraction, applies industry knowledge, and leverages appropriate business elements and information technology to address those needs with a specific focus on networks, firewalls and telephony. This includes working as a team member with user and IS Department personnel to identify functional and non-functional requirements and subsequently working with or in some instances leading others in the identification, justification and design of the solution. The position participates in a wide range of design activities, from requirements analysis through systems, application and/or process design specification. The candidate requires knowledge across multiple platforms, processes or architectures. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES: This position does the following in accordance with all applicable Federal, State and local laws / regulations and the Company’s policies, procedures and guidelines: Applies knowledge of information technology and associated methods and tools of the network engineer profession to attain project / business unit objectives. Advises other professionals (Project Managers, Architects and IT Specialists) in the team on tools, technology and methodology related to the design and development of architectural solutions, and participates in evaluation and selection. May be asked to research special topics as part of team responsibilities. Negotiates effectively with team members (vendors, subcontractors, customers/dealers and internal users) to identify each member's role in solution design and development, agree on specific problem-solving, requirements analysis and design tasks and associated work products, and to define approaches for producing them. Analyzes problems and creates solutions involving business, information technology, methodology, process, tools and solution components. May lead architectural activities. This includes leading all or portions of the project, recommending team members and organizing the team, defining tasks, tracking and reporting progress, delivering on time and within budget, and delivering results to the company. Influences customers, vendors, subcontractors and Kubota users inside and outside the project with presentations on project-related topics. Influence extends to both management and non-management personnel. Provides guidance to implementation team members throughout the project lifecycle. May lead implementation in a small project or be responsible for subsystem implementation in a large project. Works effectively with other team members to understand company needs and to design, evaluate and develop architectural solutions which meet those needs. SPECIAL PROJECTS To be determined based on company and business needs. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS, AND TRAINING: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or a relateddiscipline; or equivalent combination of education and experience. 5 to 7 years experience with Cisco Routers, switches, firewalls and wireless infrastructure 3 to 5 years experience with Cisco Identity Services Engine, Cisco Prime Infrastructure and Wireless. Experience with the following Technologies/Methodologies preferred: SKILLS AND BACKGROUND: Communication skills with the ability to persuade others on the best approach to take and effectively communicate with varying levels of leadership. Develops and provides written and verbal presentations to customers, peers, and support personnel. Advanced knowledge of process and software modeling and experience translating business needs into requirements. Demonstrates the required proficiency levels for technical skills.Technical skills and IT knowledge related to assigned department to provide services in an information technology environment. LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS: English: Fluent EQUIPMENT OPERATION (% of time, description, nature of service): Computer systems (hardware, software and networking) operations. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Some moderate lifting, working with computer and electrical equipment in changing environmental climates. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Some travel may be required. Potential of 10% Travel to remote sites. DISCLAIMER: The information provided in the description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by incumbents within the classification.This description is not intended to be a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, qualifications and working conditions required of employees assigned to this job/classification.This job is intended to include the current essential functions of the job.Management reserves the right to add or modify the duties and responsibilities and to designate other functions as essential at any time.