The Town of Foxborough is seeking a highly skilled and professional department administrator to support the Town’s Building Inspections department. The Department Administrator will be responsible for the management of the day-to- day operations of the Building Inspections Department and will interact with residents, businesses, the Board of Selectmen, Town Departments, and elected officials. The successful candidate will possess superior administrative skills, customer service skills and the ability to maintain a database. This position requires utmost dependability, flexibility, attention to detail and demonstrated ability to perform in a fast-paced environment. _Duties include but are not limited to_ _:_ Supporting all operations of the Building Inspections Department by; preparing correspondence, creating and maintaining records and reports. They will be answering telephone calls and providing information or referrals in person and by telephone while responding to complaints and processing mail. This person will also Process permit applications and maintains database. Will calculate fees and enter data pertaining to permit fees and maintain the records. Produce building permits online and manually completes electrical, plumbing, gas and trench permits. Produce weekly work schedule for department personnel, maintain inspection logs and coordinate inspection requests. Update and edit the Town websites for the Inspections Department, Design Review Committee and Foxborough Committee for Disabled Citizens. They will also be Monitoring and procuring supplies for the department and processes vendor and inspector invoices. They will be responsible for Munis functions including inputting salaries, calculating fees, producing payroll, monitoring the budget, processing invoices and maintaining financial records. This employee will generate reports for inclusion in budget process. Produce monthly permitting statistical and financial reports for use by the Finance Director, Chief Assessor, School Department, the Annual Town Report, the US Census Bureau and other publications. The job will also entail oversight of the annual inspection process including the preparation of monthly drafts notices, fees and applications for annual and five year inspections of places of assembly, institutional buildings and multi-family dwellings according to renewal schedule. Full job description is available in the Human Resources Department. _Qualifications and experience_ : High School education with courses in office procedures and business practices. Associate’s degree in related field is desirable. Two or three years of progressively responsible office experience, or any equivalent combination of education and experience. Strong technical, organizational skills and communication skills are required. _Salary and Benefits_ _:_ 35 hour/week, benefit-eligible position with a salary range of $26.82-32.70 per hour. This position is covered under the collective bargaining agreement between the United Steelworkers and the Town of Foxborough. Please apply online and submit a cover letter and resume to: http://www.foxboroughma.gov/Pages/FoxboroughMA_HR/index Applications will be accepted through August 14, 2018. Posting Date: July 25, 2018 _Equal Opportunity Employer_ _The Town of Foxborough accommodates the needs of all physically challenged or disabled people by all reasonable means in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act._