Support our strategic initiatives and make data meaningful Job Summary This is a management level position that will be responsible for the planning and implementation of organization-wide strategic information gathering and analysis systems. This position is responsible for compliance with the Department of Commerce contract allocating CSBG funds and compliance reporting. The position will partner with agency leadership (Board and Strategic Leadership Team), to identify strategic information needs and oversee planning and implementation of specific projects to address those needs including but not limited to participating in implementation of an agency-wide information database, strategic environmental scan, community needs assessment, and development of strategic initiatives. Essential Responsibilities, Duties & Tasks 30% Implementation of Data System and coordinating organizational measurements to enable programs to make decisions. Work with programs to identify outcomes that come from their work, how their work fits into the Theory of Change and outcome measures such as the National Performance Indicators (NPIs). Work with the Database Manager and IT to project manage the database along with the outcomes work in the programs. Work with the Database Manager to ensure the system is structured to capture the information and reports which are useful to programs and for reporting to other entities. Become a certified ROMA implementer as required by CSBG. Work with the Senior Leadership Team to build reporting structures (e.g. dashboards) in line with the Theory of Change or other strategic requirements. Assist in building a culture of learning and continuous improvement through the use of data. 15% Analyze and complete compliance reporting with organizational standards. Understand the compliance standards required by Department of Commerce and how the Agency can comply with the standards. Communicate and define the compliance standards to the Agency leadership. Work to assure that leaders comply with the standards. Collect proof of the standards. Provide the proof to the entity along with explanation of compliance. Complete the once every third year Washington State Quality Assurance (WSQA) report in a similar manner, or other compliance requirements as identified. Identify relationships with entities that fund the Organization and participate in compliance with processes and policies associated with funding. Work with programs, Resource Development, and Finance to assure compliance work gets completed by self or others. 10% Participate in strategic projects as directed. Research, community participation, and other work as identified. 10% Ensure contract compliance with Department of Commerce contracts allocating CSBG funds. Maintain relationship with contract monitor including tracking deadlines and program requirements. Keep updated of programmatic requirements. Work closely with programs that receive funding on their reporting requirements, including mid-year reports and tracking of outcomes. Work with Finance to allocate funds to programs in accordance with programs ability to report and CSBG requirements. Route contracts and budgets. Document in system all programs, outcomes, target and achievements. 10% Complete the every third year Community Needs Assessment as required by Community Action Partnership (CAP) affiliation. Work with Solid Ground programs to collect information directly from low income individuals, (e.g. Statewide Poverty Action meetings, focus groups). Collect and maintain information about our community needs as expressed externally, (e.g. All Home reports). Work with internal leaders to identify information they are seeing about the needs in the community. Participate in discussions about the Strategic Plan, Theory of Change, and informing on community needs. Write the community assessment and our response. Provide the report to the Board and work with other CAP organizations, if appropriate, on parts of the Community Assessment. Plan and implement Agency’s comprehensive community needs assessment process. 10% Lead the creation of customer service feedback mechanisms to Board. Convene cross-Agency customer service feedback group to develop questions that assess satisfaction as well as National Performance Indicator (NPI) achievement. Work with IT to ensure that there is hardware that enables the survey to take place. Work with programs on information dashboards for their use and for provision to the Board. 10% Position will work closely with Database Manager. Oversee VISTA placements and interns as needed. 5% Participate in program, department and agency meetings and relevant training as required. _The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position._