The Senior Investment Data Architect will develop a technology strategic direction for Investment data and energize the teams across business and IT towards the direction. This data architect will develop the data strategy considering current and known future business demands and changes as well as apply all available and evolving innovating data technology solutions. Duties and Responsibilities: Provides the architectural leadership in shaping strategic, business technology programs , with an emphasis on application architecture. Utilizes domain knowledge and application portfolio knowledge to play a key role in defining the future state of large, business technology programs. Utilizes broad and deep understanding of the competitive landscape and corporate and business unit strategies to provide context for architectural decision making. Within area of responsibility, continuously pursues advanced knowledge of business technology solutions and maintains understanding of applicable technologies, tools, and services: Establishes working relationships with appropriate business technology solution providers (e.g., Salesforce, Charles River, Reuters, etc.). Leverages knowledge capital available through subscription research services that target business technology solutions (e.g., Forrester on Digital Business, Cutter on investment management, etc.). Leverages the Internet and trade periodicals that focus on the contemporary, competitive, business technology issues within the financial industry. Attends financial industry conferences and engages in associated activities (e.g., conducting presentations, leading workshops, etc.). Defines reference and implementation application architectures. Produces technology roadmaps in support of SI’s application portfolio vision and strategy. Monitors application implementation activity to ensure architecture and design principles are upheld. Ensures application implementation solutions support the business objectives (asset gathering, cost optimization, client loyalty improvement), as appropriate. Participates in governance team discussions and provides a strong voice on critical decisions. Establishes relationships with senior IT and Business leaders for the purpose of advancing proposed application architecture solutions. Coaches and mentors more junior solution architects. Qualifications: Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience. Graduate degree preferred. Minimum 10 to 15 years relevant work experience. Should have expert level knowledge on cloud scale data technologies. Should have strong communication and presentation skills to influence and lead multiple teams. Should have strong relationship development skills to develop effective partnership across IT support organizations. Should have expert level experience in applying some of the evolving cloud based data technologies to support business strategic demands in a highly secured and scalable manner. Should have an ability to work with delivery teams during different phases of an initiative. These include delivering a strategy, delivering a designed solution as well as provide required technical assistance. Having broad and deep investment data knowledge and experience working on delivering investments technology solutions would be a plus. Should have working knowledge and technology, engineering expertise on cloud based technologies such as Cloud compute, Cloud Analytics, NoSQL, SQL, Cloud Storage databases and stores. Experience in designing and architecting solutions to investments business clients using evolving and innovative technology tools and platforms. Should be very well connected with the industry thought leaders and leading vendors in this maturing industry. Vanguard is not offering sponsorship for this position.