Talking Rain, the maker of Sparkling Ice, is looking for a Quality and Commercialization Manager to ensure product quality from ideation through reassessment, while applying and monitoring key performance indicators to track progress. This role will support the execution, monitoring and improvement of the company’s overall Quality and Commercialization program. This is an excellent opportunity for a passionate and energetic leader to work cross functionally with multiple teams to manage the performance of Talking Rain’s Quality Assurance and Commercialization processes. Note: This role is based in Seattle, WA. A relocation assistance package is offered to qualified out-of-state candidates. Reports to: Contract Manufacturing Quality Assurance Manager Direct Reports: Corporate QA Specialist, Quality Systems & Food Safety Specialist, and Commercialization Lead Implement programs to understand consumer product quality expectations, develop processes for measuring adherence to these expectations, and deliver product quality from concept to launch that meets these expectations. Support Total Quality Management (TQM) initiatives by actively focusing on Quality Awareness & training, Consumer-Defined Quality, Product & Process Specifications, and Performance Oversight & Process Improvement. Support the enforcement of quality assurance programs and initiatives throughout the manufacturing network Support cross-functional teams in assessing and maintaining relationships with selected suppliers to ensure an optimized manufacturing process (raw materials, packaging, equipment, and test parameters) that meets consumer and brand needs Define KPIs and targets for measuring the outcome of pilot productions, trials, qualifications, and reassessments. Collaborate with cross-functional team members including R&D;, Sourcing, Marketing, and Innovation to manage the commercialization of new products Translate data into actionable information in order to develop a risk bask matrix that assigns resources to commercialization projects Manage continuous improvement projects in order to mitigate potential issues, shorten project timelines, and improve process efficiencies Support supplier and commercialization improvement, optimization, and cost savings opportunities Support cross-functional document management system compliance including technical product specifications (formula analytical specs, packaging specs, bills of materials, quality test plans, and standards), Certificates of Analysis, trial documents, etc. Assist in developing raw material risk assessments; determine mitigation strategies and procedures to assure the risk is minimized. Ensure all production meets quality standards and provide systematic feedback to manufacturers/suppliers Manage and improve Talking Rain’s product recall, withdraw, and traceability programs. Evaluate new product/raw material testing methods in order to provide recommendations Optimize Quality Assurance and Commercialization processes Evaluate current product specifications to determine potential gaps and decencies; develop new specifications where needed. Prepare product and process quality reports, analyze and summarize information and trends. Implement programs to understand consumer product quality expectations and develop processes for measuring adherence to these expectations. Work on projects and special assignments as assigned or initiated. Values and Traits High integrity , with the ability to maintain confidentiality, particularly when handling sensitive information and situations. Commitment to excellence, ensuring accuracy of reports and projections through analytical and abstract reasoning skills, plus organizational skills and ability to analyze data. Excellent collaboration skills with the ability to work independently and as part of a team with individuals and groups at all organization levels. Ability to take initiative and prioritize tasks, requiring good time-management, organizational, problem-prevention and problem-solving skills. A high degree of flexibility and the ability to work effectively across multiple departments and/or business units. Results driven mindset, with the ability to interpret complex data, developing and communicating value-add solutions. Positivity , approaching each situation with optimism and energy. Serving with purpose , an energy and enthusiasm towards learning and applying new information, critical in our fast paced, dynamic environment. Excellent communicator who can express ideas clearly and concisely both verbally and in written form. Ability to leverage emotional intelligence to adapt style, vocabulary, and content to the audience, with effective active listening skills. Persevering problem solver, adept at troubleshooting and resolving problems. Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, biochemistry or related field preferred; equivalent experience accepted. Minimum of five (5) years in a food manufacturing environment. Proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite. Ability to accommodate a flexible schedule, occasionally working evenings and weekends as needed for special assignments. Ability to travel Professional, business-like appearance and demeanor.