Summary Populate state public health database with sexually transmitted disease (STD) labs/case reports for Disease Investigators. Routinely request missing medical provider reports and research electronic medical records when needed to complete database entry. This recruitment may be used to hire for additional vacancies within the next 6 months. Please Note: Public Health – Seattle and King County values diverse perspectives and life experiences. The Department encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities, and veterans. Work Location: : This position will work at the Public Health STD Clinic located within Harborview Medical Center, at the Ninth and Jefferson Building, 908 Jefferson St, 11th Floor Seattle, WA. Work Schedule: This position is overtime-eligible. This position normally works 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Work may be required in the evenings and on weekends when responding to emergencies and emergent situations. WHO MAY APPLY: This full-time, career service position is open to all qualified applicants. APPLICATION PROCESS: Applications will be reviewed after the job posting closes. The following items are required to be considered for this vacancy: NEOGOV/Government Jobs on-line or paper application Supplemental questionnaire responses Resume Cover Letter Your application may be rejected as incomplete if you do not include the standard information in the application. Providing information only in a resume or a cover letter will not be considered a complete application. CONTACT: For more information about the application process, please contact Zackary King, Zackary.king@kingcounty.gov. Job Duties 45% STD REPORTING Retrieve labs from state and local reporting agencies. Create, update, and maintain complex spreadsheet for tracking of paperwork for STD investigation. Fax STD report requests. Track requests/receipts of reports. Train medical providers as needed on completion of reports. 45% STD DATA RESEARCH Investigate, retrieve, and compile missing information on STD reports from providers. Use state database to investigate patient history of STDs, noting dates and report numbers. Research to see if patient is possible partner to person(s) in database. Note case number(s). Check various electronic medical records to obtain missing or more detailed information for STD reports. Enter completed STD information into state database. Include additional notes, previous STD history, and possible partner(s). Evaluate priority, and assign to appropriate disease investigator. 10% PROGRAM SUPPORT Assist with phone, office, mail and clerical coverage as needed for programs in DPR. Experience, Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Ability to gather, organize and analyze data, utilizing intermediate skills to track, analyze and report quantitative information. Must have proven ability to design, create, view, and edit databases, create queries, design custom data entry forms. Ability to learn new computer software applications. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with the public and fellow employees. Knowledge of advanced and general office practices and procedures. Ability to communicate clearly in face-to-face and phone interaction with the public, providers and coworkers Ability to understand and follow directions. Knowledge of basic spelling and arithmetic. Knowledge of PC computer applications such as Microsoft Word, Access, Excel. Ability to use office equipment such as computers, copy machines, facsimile machines; follow oral and written instructions. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS If appropriate to the individual position, applicants may be tested for competencies defined within the "Typical Duties" including, but not limited to: Typing: 50 wpm net Entering, retrieving, and producing complex reports from computer database applications. Proofreading for keying, formatting, spelling or grammatical or content errors. Utilizing computer software applications and equipment to prepare and complete forms, documents, letters, reports, templates, presentation materials, slides, charts and graphics from rough drafts, dictation equipment, written or verbal instructions or from own composition. Supplemental Information This selection process may include but is not limited to: evaluation of application materials and supplemental questions, testing and interviewing. For more information on our selection process, please refer to http://www.kingcounty.gov/healthservices/health/jobs/aspx Public Health relies on office automation (Microsoft Office) and web-based enabled tools, therefore candidates must be proficient and comfortable with computer use to perform functions associated with on-going work. Regular and reliable attendance, effective communication skills, and development of effective working relationships are requirements of all Public Health positions. Staff may be required to play a role as a first responder in the event of a Public Health emergency. NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: The selected candidate must pass a thorough background investigation. Employees are required to protect the privacy and security of protected health information as defined in State and Federal Law UNION AFFILIATION: This position is represented by the Professional and Technical Engineers Union, Local 17. Union membership is required within 30 days.