Guided by a visionary new strategic plan, Woodland Park Zoo (WPZ) is embarking on a period of great change and innovation. A key focus area is using actionable and predictive information to facilitate business decisions and make strategic recommendations for process improvements. In concert with key internal business units, the Business Intelligence Analyst/Developer is responsible for driving insights for Woodland Park Zoo’s Advancement division (Development, Content and Creative Strategy, Membership, Marketing, Advocacy and Public Affairs) through reporting and analysis to maximize constituent engagement, identify trends and ensure the long-term financial performance and impact of the organization. Reporting to the Associate Director, Relationship Data Services, this position will primarily focus on the reporting and analysis needs of the Development department and Content and Creative Strategy department, while working collaboratively with other WPZ departments. This position requires excellent skills in gathering, analyzing, and reporting data, often originating from multiple sources. Position requires an innovative, proactive, creative, highly motivated, team-oriented individual who has a high degree of initiative and independent judgment. Requires a positive and customer focused business approach focused on meeting current and future needs where data and knowledge derived from data will play a critical role in organizational decision making. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Create, develop, test, document and interpret consistent, relevant data insights to help guide the organization via accurate reporting, dashboards, analysis, and custom-built tools to deliver accurate and timely results. Coordinate, deploy and ensure the accuracy of standardized periodic reports, automating the process as appropriate Establish and maintain partnerships and synergies with other information and analytics teams, including but not limited to IT, Admissions, Finance, Conservation and Education departments. Oversee the day-to-day management and operation of the ODS for The Raiser’s Edge database. Use a variety of tools including Google Analytics and product dashboards as well as internal and external research resources to aggregate and synthesize data trends and insights across platforms. Monitor industry trends and implement best practices for continuous improvement of in-house capabilities and customer support. Advise collaborators on best practices in forming research questions and analysis strategies. Create user documentation. Initiate processing and record management procedural changes as needed. Keep all policies and procedural documents updated. Safeguard the confidentiality of donor information at all times. Maintain and adhere to policies around information gathering and sharing in accordance with professional ethics standards. Perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Required: Bachelor's degree (B.S. or B.A.) from an accredited four-year college or university, as well as two (2) years related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Passion for data. Great analytical skills. Able to define problems, establish facts, draw valid conclusions and provide actionable recommendations that support short term goals and considers long term process. Proven ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks/requests simultaneously under time constraints, and meet deadlines in a professional manner. Full data lifecycle perspective (requirements gathering through production deployment and support) in aspects of SQL Server, Microsoft Business Intelligence solutions, Tableau, SSRS and Crystal Reports. Proficiency of MS SQL Server Relational Database Management software including T-SQL. Established experience with SSIS package Design, Development, Testing and Troubleshooting for data migration. Knowledge of entity-relationship models and data normalization. Working experience with web analytics tools such as Google Analytics. Strong listening, written and verbal communication skills with demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical ideas verbally and in writing to non-technical staff. Ability to handle confidential information with discretion and maintain the professional and ethical standards set forth for the field by the Association of Professional Researchers for Advancement (APRA), Association of Advancement Services Professionals (AASP) and Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP). Commitment to the mission of the zoo and the institution’s Core Values. Desired: Experience with The Raiser’s Edge, Omatic Software products and point of sale systems. Knowledge of fundraising operations and data management. Working knowledge of e-commerce, SEO, SEM, email and other online marketing optimization activities. Advanced Excel skills, including complex spreadsheets, pivot tables, and data manipulation. Experience using statistical analysis techniques and building regression and/or predictive models. Experience with automation tools. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES This job has no supervisory responsibilities. LANGUAGE ABILITY Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. MATHEMATICAL ABILITY Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. REASONING ABILITY Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Ability to recall, recognize and communicate interrelated information pertaining to Zoo benefactors and members. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This job is performed in a typical office environment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. APPLICATION DIRECTIONS Applications are only accepted online through our Jobs page at www.zoo.org; no other forms of application will be accepted. Cover letter and resume are REQUIRED when applying for this position. NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. APPLICATION DEADLINE: This position will remain posted until filled; priority will be given to applications received prior to August 26th, 2018. _Woodland Park Zoo is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, or gender identity/expression._