Requires in-depth knowledge and experience. Uses best practices and knowledge of internal or external business issues to improve products or services. Solves complex problems; takes a new perspective using existing solutions. Works independently, receives minimal guidance. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience. Key Responsibilities Develops code and documentation for a variety of difficult software projects, and design and implement bug fixes. Designs a variety of difficult software projects. Defines software specifications. Interfaces with internal customers for requirements analysis and schedule. Troubleshoots a variety of difficult software problems. Performs software tests on code and enhancements. Interfaces with external customers regarding software issues. Interfaces with external customers regarding software issues. Compiles data for regularly scheduled or special reports, analysis and statements. Functional Knowledge Demonstrates conceptual and practical expertise in own discipline and basic knowledge of related disciplines Business Expertise Has knowledge of best practices and how own area integrates with others; is aware of the competition and the factors that differentiate them in the market Leadership Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience; may lead small projects with manageable risks and resource requirements Problem Solving Solves complex problems; takes a new perspective on existing solutions; exercises judgment based on the analysis of multiple sources of information Impact Impacts a range of customer, operational, project or service activities within own team and other related teams; works within broad guidelines and policies Interpersonal Skills Explains difficult or sensitive information; works to build consensus Qualifications Education Bachelor's Degree 4 - 7 Years of Experience Experience Design and develop Machine Learning models and algorithms as applicable to Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment Develop equipment diagnostics algorithms and software implementations Develop data analysis methods and algorithms Develop equipment control software Applied Materials is committed to diversity in its workforce including Equal Employment Opportunity for Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Primary Location : Americas-United States of America-California- CA,Santa Clara Job : Engineering Shift : Day Job Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Posting Type : Internal / External Relocation Package : Domestic Lump Sum