Saint-Gobain, one of the world’s largest building materials companies and manufacturer of innovative material solutions, helps create great living spaces by combining comfort and sustainability. For more than three-and-a-half centuries, Saint-Gobain has been enhancing the wellbeing of people everywhere, whether it’s by addressing climate change, delivering true sustainable development, advancing the information revolution, participating in medical breakthroughs or playing a vital role in space exploration. Focusing on the intersection of people, innovation and purpose, Saint-Gobain helps to address the needs of today and the challenges of tomorrow – offering employees the opportunity to invent themselves and reshape the world. The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for turning abstract information from data analyses into appealing and understandable visualizations that improve business insights from the results of the analyses. They are creative thinkers who understand user interface design and apply visualizations skills such as user experience design, data visualization and graphical design. Individuals in this role understand how information is turned into knowledge and how this knowledge supports and enables key business processes. They must have a good understanding of data access requirements for business analytics and exploration. Also required are analytical skills, the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with team members, as well as an innate curiosity around wanting to understand business processes, business strategy and strategic business initiatives to help drive incremental business value from enterprise data assets. Business Intelligence Analyst continually seek opportunities to help improve business decision making processes, increase business stakeholder satisfaction, deepen relationships and effectively manage stakeholder expectations. They often educate team members on business unit goals and objectives and educate the business on the value of analytics and insights. They also display innovation in identifying, proposing, and overseeing the development of analytics solutions and driving adoption by business stakeholders, which may include innovation of business processes. Through adaptable communication skills and the ability to translate analytics requirements into underlying data requirements, they work collaboratively, negotiating data & analytics requirements across multiple groups. A strong candidate will have: A solid understanding of existing business processes, the key drivers and measures of success for the business, including short term needs and longer term strategic initiatives. They must have a working knowledge of the business area that they support and have a solid understanding of the associated data domains. Strong leadership, relationship management, interpersonal, negotiation and communication skills are also required. An understanding of the transactional systems recording those business processes. Understanding the data structures which capture those transactions to make available for analytics and reporting. An understanding of how to most effectively present insights gained from the data. Specifically make use of BI Tools, ETL tools and ad-hoc query tools. Duties and responsibilities: Drive adoption of data and insights-driven business decision making processes and analytics-enabled business process innovation (10%). Collaborate with data engineers and analytics and subject matter experts to identify useful and strategically relevant insights (10%). Work closely with business users, vendors and delivery teams to understand the business requirements that drive the analysis and design of business analytics and reporting solutions. Includes business requirements, data manipulation, and bi tool development (50%). Works with data engineers to facilitate technical design of complex data sourcing, transformation and aggregation logic, ensuring business analytics requirements are met (40%). Problem solving abilities: Ability and desire to self-learn and pick up emerging technologies. Strong team player and creative thinking skills, and a desire to “make a difference” The ability to develop relationships with others and being able to explain potentially complex technical concepts to non-technical colleagues in a non- threatening manner Works on complex, major or highly visible tasks and projects as a project team member, sometimes as a project lead. May provide technical direction and oversee testing of business analytics solutions. Provides technical guidance or system process expertise. Develops reports and presentations for senior management, as needed. Bachelor’s degree in Programming/Systems or Computer Science or other related field. Or equivalent work experience Typically requires 5-10 years of experience in developing business analytics solutions, focusing on requirements gathering and effective visualization of insights. 5-10 Years of experience with data visualization/BI tools, such as Qlik or Tableau, SQL and semantic data access mechanisms. Experience in driving analytics-enabled business process innovation. Has a broad level of understanding surrounding business information systems. Experience in leading small project teams and streams. Demonstrated ability to analyze and interpret complex problems or processes that span multiple business areas, identify and understand requirements, and develop alternate solutions. Experience designing, developing and testing business analytics solutions using proven or emerging technologies in a variety of technologies and environments. Experienced in applying visualization techniques and User Experience design. Excellent written/oral communication and presentation/interpersonal skills. Brings deep expertise in data visualization tools and techniques in translating business analytics needs into data visualization and semantic data access requirements. Knowledge of industry trends is preferred Agile experience is preferred. Experience in the Construction Products / Manufacturing / Building Materials industries is preferred. Saint-Gobain provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Saint-Gobain is an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and supports the hiring of veterans.