Job Description Today, people spend too much of their day on tedious tasks, like managing their calendars, remembering to-dos, or searching for information. But Amazon Alexa can help solve this problem by acting as an intelligent assistant at home. Alexa lets people use their voice to interact with technology so they can spontaneously ask questions in a way that feels natural. Alexa can help people take care of these tasks just by asking. Alexa can help people stay organized and focused on the things that matter, whether they are working in their office or at home. Alexa Time Management team can simplify this process by helping you create and scheduling meetings easily, understanding critical meetings which you should be aware of and helping you remember all the important events in your life. Our team is responsible for helping customers use Timers, Reminders, Alarms & Calendars better on Alexa and we are looking for an qualified Data Engineer who relishes working with extremely large volumes of data, enjoys the challenge of highly complex technical contexts, and above all, is passionate about data and analytics. The ideal candidate will be an expert with SQL, ETL (and general data wrangling), data visualization. The candidate will need to be analytical, a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment, and able to think big while paying careful attention to detail. If the above details excites you, help us make this happen by joining us as a Data Engineer Responsibilities: Develop and support the analytic technologies that give our teams flexible and structured access to their data, including implementation of a BI platform, defining metrics and KPIs, and automating reporting and data visualization. Assist scientists, engineers, TPM’s and other business stakeholders in identifying strategic opportunities by analyzing data trends and using data to answer key business questions Analyze key metrics to uncover trends and root causes of issues. Build metrics to measure key inputs and output metrics that drive Alexa Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL Database development and maintenance (specifically Redshift) Model data and metadata for ad hoc and pre-built reporting Own the development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation Meet tight deadlines, multi-task, and prioritize workload Basic Qualifications Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field or 5+ years industry experience 3+ years of industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) Experience in data modeling and ETL development. Data Warehousing Experience with Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc. Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space Experience in continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for customers Preferred Qualifications Some experience leveraging Python, R or Matlab to manipulate data and set up automated processes as per business requirements Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets Experience with Big Data Technologies (Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, etc.) Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using AWS technologies – Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline and other big data technologies Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources Strong ability to interact, communicate, present and influence within multiple levels of the organization Track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets Excellent communication skills to be able to work with business owners to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions Master's degree Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation