Description This opportunity is open to Labor & Industries employees only. Are you looking to put your highly developed IT and customer service skills to work? Do you feel comfortable and excel in a fast-paced work environment? We are searching for an individual who will competently maintain the Field Audit/Firm Appeal systems, allow the Field Audit and the Firm Appeal programs too efficiently, and effectively process audits, reconsiderations, and appeals. If selected for this position, your days will be filled as you take the role of senior IT specialist in the Field Audit Unit. Our ideal candidate will work between the Field Audit/Firm Appeal programs and the IT core teams. If you have the ability and insight to take the business concerns and troubleshoot those concerns with Information Technology (IT) in order to solve application production environment issues, and complete test cases then we want you to join our team. We are searching for an individual who will work with IT on the development of the new auditing technology application for the Firm Appeal/ Field Audit programs (the SERV application) and bring it back to the unit, communicating the updates and changes that are implemented. Additionally, we need an individual who understands the team's business requirements and can analyze, test, implement enhancements, provide technical support, maintain, develop, and design, and train staff on the changes to the new application as well as answer questions that come in to the program regarding the system. Some of what you'll do: Define, develop, and improve Field Audit and Firm Appeals business processes and translates these into requirements to implement within the SERV application tasks. Serve as a liaison between business stakeholders and technical staff to ensure business needs are clearly defined understood and translated into technical solutions. Ensure business changes are translated into requirements and implemented by IT. Understand, query, report, and create data visualizations for Field Audit and Firm Appeals. Develop an understanding of SERV data information sources and a working knowledge of relevant BEAR application database data fields. Provide excellent customer service by maintaining excellent rapport with SERV IT developers, the FPLS IT Unit, and IT staff. Keep the FPLS IT Unit and program area manager informed of issues affecting the systems. Develop and perform business software testing procedures and protocols for SERV production releases. Support, maintain, and update the SERV application documentation and utilize administrative tools to address production support issues required for end-users to run the SERV application. Develop training materials required to train users. Maintain system manual documentation. Provide support for customer help calls and troubleshoot issues. Ensure that the Field Audit & Firm Appeals' SERV application is working correctly, smoothly, and is available to end-users. Lead and mentor other SERV business analysts. Who should apply? L &I; employees with 3 years of Information Technology, Information Services, or technical background who have demonstrated experience XML, SQL, and JavaScript and extensive experience with Microsoft Office programs including high levels of proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Access, and SharePoint and Microsoft suite of programmer productivity tools and project management tools in addition to experience developing, maintaining, and updating complex databases, database queries and reporting systems along with utilizing and integrating database data and information with an agency or company level data warehouse. _An associates may be substituted for 2 years of the required qualifications._ What we are looking for: Experience in IT customer consultation, business analysis, business process flows and functional requirements. Providing Customer or Technical support in information technology. Experience supporting operational systems and software support to evaluate performance and reliability Knowledge of data management, reporting, and data warehouse techniques. Experience with Data tools such as SQL and SQL Reporting, in both the development and maintenance arena or have some knowledge with business intelligence reporting. Knowledge or understanding of how to complete trend and statistical analysis reporting. 4 years of Information Technology, Information Services, or technical background, supporting business analysis, technical analysis, and solution architecting for merging business processes with technical solutions (includes knowing how to design user test cases and planning tasks). Expert knowledge of the Software Development Life cycle (SDLC). Proven experience in SQL Server technologies, along with installation and configuration of analytical tools and the ability to quickly troubleshoot the tools and the systems to identify root cause of problems. Experience in project management. Knowledge and experience working with confidential data and/or systems. Provide a resume and cover letter that describes how you have "what we're looking for," outlined above. Supplemental Information This job announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies. Application review starts immediately and the hiring authority reserves the right to offer the job at any time. It's to your advantage to apply quickly. Employees driving on state business must have a valid driver's license. Employees driving a privately owned vehicle on state business must have liability insurance on the privately owned vehicle. Prior to any new hire into L&I;, a background check, including criminal record history, will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. To apply, follow the "Apply" link above Jobs advertised as Open Continuous will be closed without notice. Apply quickly! We're looking for evidence that you have what we're looking for. Your application materials will be used for deciding who'll be selected for interview. For more information about the Department of Labor & Industries visit: http://www.lni.wa.gov/ OR Contact us at: Jobs@Lni.wa.gov L&I; strives to attract and retain a high-performing and diverse workforce in which our differences are respected and valued to better meet the needs of the diverse customers we serve. L&I; fosters an inclusive environment that promotes safety, collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all employees can participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is represented by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). _Persons with a disability, who need assistance in the application process, or those needing this announcement in an alternative format, may call (360) 902-5700. Applicants that are deaf or hard of hearing may call through the Washington Relay Service at 7-1-1._ _The State of Washington is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ If you have specific questions regarding this position, please contact Trish Lamb at 360.902.5709 or email at LAMW235@lni.wa.gov . Please do not contact to inquire about the status of your application.