Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Claims Reporting and Operational Analytics function, is responsible to assist management and key business partners with an understanding of reporting metrics and trend analysis on various levels of complexity. This function identifies data, reporting, and analytical automation opportunities that focus on turning data consumption from reporting to actionable analytical data stories. Through transformations and business intelligence tools, this job function will assist in designing and creation of analytical workbench across all operational disciplines. This highly experienced individual contributor is responsible for leading the development and implementation technical and analytical solutions to address business needs. This individual leads, instructs others on how to, and compiles complex internal and external data sources, creates operational and reporting analytics on historical operations, strategic business metrics and market trend information using multiple software tools. This individual utilizes, applies and shares knowledge with others on fundamental statistics and mathematical concepts, database structures, business intelligence tools, and various programming languages to identify complex problems and assists in developing innovative, analytical self-services strategies and solutions. This individual leads the communication efforts between other Claims Analytics and Data Management teams to assist with continuous improvement and understanding of rapidly changing business metrics, processes and data structures. The individual assist others and leads the communication of business meaning of analyzed metrics, conclusions and strategies to technical and non-technical audiences in Line Management/Operations/SIU teams and promotes analytics usage and transfer of knowledge to others. This individual reviews work of others, and is responsible for quality and quantity of sound decisions around analytics of business processes and metrics. This individual is responsible for managing very complex vendor relationships, by providing oversight of vendor operational, quality and performance metrics, influencing vendor related decisions,. The individual also delivers compassionate service that is fast, fair, and easy, to ensure customer satisfaction. The individual works independently, guides and instructs others prioritizes the individual's own responsibilities, and manages the individual's own workload. The individual consistently meets band level behaviors, production, quality, and/or customer service goals. Key Responsibilites Provide guidance to peers and others on usage of various tools and applications (e.g. Business Objects, SQL Developer, Hadoop, HUE, R, Python and Tableau) individually builds highly complex analysis, data visualization and/or analytical reporting self-service tools, and other ad-hoc analytics in order to share data and output of analytics efforts. Leads efforts to gather and refine requirements in the development of user interface for collecting and sharing internal and external data sources, Provide guidance to peers and others on how to integrate data across various source systems, both internal and external, when needed to develop highly complex analyses based on operational, economic and/or financial data Assists and guides a development of new analytical and reporting self-service tools, which will be used by others to obtain business and financial metrics for the line of work. Performs and provides guidance to others on completing variety of highly complex analyses to identify trends and analyzing business metrics providing recommendations to Line Management/Operations/SIU on business decisions, strategies and processes Ensures and provides guidance to peers and others on effectively communicates how analytical trends, metrics and results may contribute as input to overall business strategy Independently and proactively manages own projects, assist peers and others on how to manage and prioritize projects with addition to effective communication of timelines, status and project progress to both manager and project requestor Conducts knowledge transfer sessions and/or working committee meetings to share information about best practice and learnings around programming techniques, analytical techniques, and the tool uses to peers and other members within analytics teams Oversees and manages highly complex vendor relationship Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in related technical area of study including Finance, Mathematics Industrial Engineering Prior experience with application of data and analysis projects from school or other corporate institutions preferred Strong mathematical and analytical skills Prior knowledge and experience of computer applications such as Business Object, SQL Developer, SAS, MS: Access, Excel, PowerPoint; Tableau, etc. Self-starter with motivation and discipline to complete work on time with guiding and instructing others Teamwork and interpersonal skills demonstrated by ability to work successfully n cross-functional teams and/or projects Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently Experience organizing hypotheses, results and analysis into an effective communication with written and verbal skills Applies ability to learn and leverage technical and analytical skills in support of team objectives Knowledge and application of advanced mathematical concepts to solve problems and prepare data for analysis Ability to thrive in both structured and project-oriented work environments The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.