Résumé du poste Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. Owned by Samsung Electronics Corporation Ltd., SAS is the only semiconductor manufacturing plant located outside of Korea. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, personal computers, mobile phones, workstations and servers. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology, enabling the world's digital devices to operate at the highest performance. The Metrology team is focused on giving process measurement solutions in a timely manner. As part of the Metrology team, you will provide support in setting up and maintaining recipes for the brightfield, darkfield, macro, and review tools. SAS is focused on being the World’s Best Foundry product supplier. Rôle et Responsabilités You will have a chance to work with applications from all departments of the fab since Metrology supports all unit parts and other groups (PIE, Device team, UPs, QA, FA, and MFG). Metrology is to provide supports to the fab with accurate and precise measurement data. Responsible for performing functions associated with all manufacturing and/or system operations, such as working with engineers and manufacturing in set-up and calibration tasks, system support, failure analysis, documenting/following standard operating procedures, as well as performing rework and quality testing related to the process and production of logic chips. Uses sophisticated programs to collect and evaluate operating data to conduct in-line adjustments to products, instruments, equipment, or processes. Determines and may assist in developing methods and procedures to control or modify the manufacturing process. Requires compliance with all health, safety and environmental management system guidelines. The open position is for THK team specifically focusing on the NPI recipe setup and sustaining new & old devices, pattern recognition for new devices, daily qual monitoring, with basic sustaining to support product movement. These areas are some of the most critical measurements for device performance and quality, that requires significant attention to detail and excellent communication with the team. Maintain the Metrology aspect of the FAB process to ensure that product is processed correctly in order to deliver quality to customers. NPI: Quick response to NPI recipe setup and maintenance following department guidelines and SOPs. M-Guide: Support M-Guide implementation and revisions, approve or reject requests as needed to comply with established recipe standards and to prevent inaccurate or incorrect measurements. Recipes: Create, maintain, and improve Metro Thickness recipes to meet demands of current and future business needs. TTTM: Ensure that the tool sets are matched to achieve repeatable and reproducible measurements across Metro tools. Process Qualifications: Maintain proper tool qualifications through standard procedures at regular intervals _and_ after work performed on the tools to ensure measurements are meeting standards. Data Analysis: Identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Reports: Compile and send reports on a regular basis to include but not limited to; Daily Passdown, TTTM, 8D, KPI Metrics, Historical Trends, Project Progress, etc... Projects: Work with teams to solve complex issues pertaining to the productivity and efficiency of the FAB. Meetings: Attend assigned meetings and follow up with assigned tasks. Support: Aid Unit Parts in their projects and efforts to increase productivity. Shift: 2nd-5 days, 8 hours, between 3pm-12am. Compétences et Qualifications An Associate or Bachelor’s degree in technical field is preferred. 3 years experience in high volume semiconductor or other manufacturing experience. Attention to Detail. Quality Mindset. Able to prioritize large workloads on a daily basis ( Multitasking). Clear and concise communication in both written and verbal. Strong problem solving skills. Strong computer skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point. Self-starter with a continuous improvement attitude. Ability to deal with ambiguity. Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html