NorthShore Resources has a Contract opportunity for a Security Architect in Richfield, MN! We are recruiting for a Security Architect to provide design input for securing new technologies being deployed in company's IT environment. In this role, you will give security guidelines for building applications to the design team. MUST HAVE SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Strong experience designing secure systems, advanced web architecture, and knowledge of secure development Technical expertise in existing security and IT systems and able to keep pace with changing technologies Experience in secure cloud based architecture Sharepoint experience Confluence experience Experience understanding security in a holistic manner Experience working on consumer facing web properties Experience with and the ability to provide detail technical recommendations for multiple domains such as: Access Control Data Protection Security Requirements Network Security Threat Modeling Service Oriented Architecture Agile Development Security Operations Privileged User Access Management SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Archer technology experience ECommerce /customer facing experience Multi-channel retail experience Experience working in large organizations with a large web presence Ability to be engaged and invested in the work Ability to compose and present material to communicate difficult concepts and gain consensus Ability to effectively coordinate multiple priorities in a dynamic environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Strong time management skills RESPONSIBILITIES Sit on dotcom’s architecture board and act as the security representation. Provide design input for securing new technologies being deployed in the company's IT Environment. Work with applications for dotcom and provide a set of security guidelines so that they can build their applications. Review existing architecture and makes recommendations on security controls or secure design. Serve as information security expert and partner to IT and company business areas. Develop threat models and requirements documents that clearly articulate threats and associated security requirements. Work directly with IT and business counterparts daily to understand their needs and provide requirements for building secure system.s Meet with project teams and deliver prompt requirements to ensure projects are not delayed due to security requirements gathering. _Why work for NorthShore Resources?_ _NorthShore Resources is a Minneapolis-based IT consulting firm, whose focus is to provide superior quality and unparalleled customer service in all aspects of our business. We offer great local jobs to local people, allowing us to build solid, long-term relationships with our clients and consultants._ _While working as a consultant for NorthShore Resources, you’ll receive benefits such as medical, dental, and 401(k) with company matching. You’ll also receive one of the best benefits an employer can offer – support! Our staff is here to help you every step of the way, ensuring that all of your questions are answered and that you’re placed on a path to success._