Requisition Number: 68942 You make NO money whenever anyone says “no.” No. It’s your least favorite word. You hate it when a customer says no, but you hate it even more when you have to say “no” to a client. No, we don’t provide that service. No, we don’t have enough resources to get that done in your timeframe. No, we don’t have a relationship with that provider. You hate having to say “no” to a customer. Start saying “YES”!!! By becoming a Senior Account Executive for Insight’s Cloud and Data Center Solutions, you can always say “Yes!!” Yes , we are a Microsoft Tier I Cloud Solutions Provider (CSP). We’re also at the top of Amazon, IBM, Google, and Rackspace’s cloud programs. Yes , we have a large team of certified expert Architects, Engineers, and Consultants to work on your cloud project. Yes , we offer both the services you need to make your migration to the cloud a success, and we also carry the fullest possible line of endpoint, networking, and data center hardware to complete the project. Yes , we take full responsibility for your entire project from end-to- end. Yes , we are one of the largest IT integration firms in the business with offices worldwide. Insight has all the services, all the products, all the expertise, and all the other resources you need to never say no again to customer opportunity. First, of course, you’ll have to say “Yes” you are a high-energy, non-stop, totally driven seller of technology services and products. “Yes” you have both a high degree of technical acumen matched by your deep understanding of customer business goals and operations, topped by extraordinary solution selling skills. “Yes” it is an unnatural act for you to say “no” to a customer and you never want to have to do that again. And to answer your most important question, yes, our compensation plan pays the right candidate with the right sales performance very, very well. You’ll be saying “oh, yes” to that too! If you’ve got the skills, we want you on the team. So, say “YES” to Insight. The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Los Angeles || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Los Angeles, CA || LI-JS2