Sr Data/BI Engineer ( Job Number: 182740 ) As a Sr. Oracle Cloud Data / BI Engineer you have an opportunity to develop, deploy and sustain BI capabilities with the latest Oracle Cloud BI (Oracle Analytic Cloud –OAC) solution. You will work on multiple projects involving highly scalable and extensible data and BI platforms which enable collection, storage, modeling, and analysis of massive data sets in Oracle Cloud and other data sources. The role will play a major role operationalizing and aligning the data and analytics technologies into the scalable IT & business capabilities. Develop and implements complex data projects and technical solutions. Translates business requirements into innovative technical solutions by using Oracle’s OAC platform. Use expertise in database design to implement, and operate stable, scalable, low cost solutions to flow data from production systems into the Data Warehouse and into end-user facing reporting applications Research and analyze application behaviors to improve performance and stability. Design, implement and deploy data loading and access mechanisms through various delivery channels. Document and maintain OAC systems research and analyze application behaviors to improve performance and stability. Consult and support administration and implementation of OAC platforms and processes. Perform software, code, and requirements analysis, software review, system risk analysis, software reliability analysis, capacity planning, etc. Play a key role advising architecture, design and development decisions around the creation of effective technical solutions and services. Provides subject matter expertise for multiple projects concurrently through all phases of the development lifecycle. Research, new technologies to solve unique challenges and defines standards and best practices around OAC big data products and technologies. Work collaboratively with IT leaders and business stakeholders Data Warehouse leaders to define the Data Warehouse strategy to ensure actionable business intelligence is provided to key stakeholders and BI teams. Partner with Enterprise Data Warehouse team to ensure that the 3rd Party data needs are met in a scalable way. Education : Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other technical field or equivalent work experience 5+ years of relevant IT technical experience working with Oracle OBIEE products and various Data and BI technologies. Strong expertise in various components of OBIEE like Architecture, Admin Tool (Physical, BMM & Presentation Layers), Security Management, Cache Management, Dimensional Hierarchies, Initialization Blocks & Variables, Partitions and Fragmentations, Performance Improvement techniques, maintain Web catalog, Dashboards, and Answers and BI Publisher 5+ years of experience of Data and BI Architecture and Management Services Provisioning data from multiple sources to Oracle Database cloud using different methodologies such as ApEx, PL/SQL, DataSync or ETL tools like ODI & Informatica etc. Expertise in the design, creation, management, and business use of large datasets Possesses extensive knowledge of application modeling principles, concepts and techniques Proven experience with installation, configuration and administration of the Data and BI platforms. Strong expertise in software engineering development and testing life cycles using including but not limited to Linux, Java, scripting, and SQL programming. Proven expertise in capacity planning, deployment, troubleshooting and performance tuning. Excellent relationship building skills; ability to interface with various stakeholders Financial Services industry experience Experience with Oracle Cloud products: HCM, Procurement, Finance, BICS preferred. Proven organizational, interpersonal, analytical and problem solving skills. Strong organizational, interpersonal and multitasking skills with ability to balance competing priorities. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired and ambiguity is the norm. Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods. Coach / mentor other team members as appropriate Why choose TCF? Established in 1923, TCF has maintained a strong foundation. TCF has over 340 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Indiana, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail and commercial banking services. TCF also conducts commercial leasing, indirect auto finance, and equipment finance business in all 50 states, and commercial inventory finance business in all 50 states and Canada. Our Benefits TCF encourages open employee communications and promotes from within whenever possible. We offer competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits plan, and opportunities for career advancement. For more details on our benefits, click on the Employee Benefits link on our career page. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or other status protected by applicable law. TCF is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Primary Location : USA-Minnesota-Plymouth-Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N Work Locations : Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N 55441