Participates in the activities of the Technical group by performing tests, production experiments, and collecting data involved in solving production process problems. This position involves providing technical process support to the Production section and technical support to customers and testing of new prepreg products. Focus Areas: Prepreg process and product development. Resin development and resin testing. Qualification & composites testing. Customer and Technical Laboratory assistance. Equipment development. Production and quality issues including discrepancy investigation, Statistical Process Control and production support. Develops and maintains intermediate material specifications and qualifications of modified material and new suppliers and technical focal for resolution of supplier quality problems. Organizes test samples and supplies in preparation for tests, and performs tests according to Technical management while meeting required completion dates. Generates and collects data by performing various tests and tasks and interprets and explains test data and results to Technical management as required. Performs “skill sensitive” tasks from start to finish while maintaining measurement consistency. Assists higher grade Engineers in ordering and maintaining lab supplies; implements storing and retention documentation associated with lab instrumentation. Performs production experiments to develop new processes, new prepreg, and verify new equipment. Performs investigations needed to solve problems. Coordinates test equipment modifications and repairs with TCA Maintenance staff or outside vendors. Maintains Technical Work Instructions for Technical test procedures and for insuring that instructions are up to date with current lab practices. Assists in the responsibility for maintaining the Technical Laboratory, instruments and equipment in clean and orderly condition. This job description in no way implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the associate. At all times, employees will be required to follow any instruction and to perform any other duties within this or a lower job level upon the request of the supervisor. At times employees may also be required to perform higher level duties. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Ability to set priorities. Ability to be a good team player. Must be able to get along well with diverse personalities and cultures with an understanding of Japanese management philosophies and practices. High quality and customer-oriented in all actions. Math competence (some statistics, differential calculus, integral calculus, etc.). Ability to climb stairs. Ability to move within production areas. Must be able to perform the essential functions of the position with or without accommodation. Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or related discipline, or equivalent combination of education and experience, required. A fundamental knowledge and understanding of composite technology (material, fabrication methods and basic properties) required. Knowledge of laboratory test techniques with regard to performing tests, collecting and documenting data is required. Personal computer experience in Microsoft applications such as Excel, Word and Access required. This position involves working with technologies and information which are subject to U.S. export control regulations. Under these regulations, Toray Composites must review certain candidate information including citizenship, basis of United States work authorization and country of origin. This information will be used for export control screening purposes only. Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or related discipline, or equivalent combination of education and experience, required. A fundamental knowledge and understanding of composite technology (material, fabrication methods and basic properties) required. Knowledge of laboratory test techniques with regard to performing tests, collecting and documenting data is required. Personal computer experience in Microsoft applications such as Excel, Word and Access required. This position involves working with technologies and information which are subject to U.S. export control regulations. Under these regulations, Toray Composites must review certain candidate information including citizenship, basis of United States work authorization and country of origin. This information will be used for export control screening purposes only.