Overview Focal Point Data Risk delivers a unified approach to addressing data risk through a unique combination of service offerings. Focal Point has brought together industry-leading expertise in cyber security, identity governance and access management, data privacy and analytics, internal audit, and hands-on training services, giving companies everything they need to plan and develop effective risk and security programs. By integrating these services, we provide our clients with the flexible support they need to protect and leverage data across any part of their organization. Simply put, Focal Point is the next generation of risk management. The Consultant in Information Technology Audit position is responsible for the execution of field work on client engagements. Working both on-site and at the practice office, the Risk Advisory/Internal Audit Consultant will collect data, test audit evidence and processes, and document the associated procedures according to the Risk Advisory/Internal Audit guidance. This role interacts frequently with client contacts and requires attention to audit detail and project deadlines. He/she works closely with Managers and Directors to keep projects focused and on schedule. Responsibilities Adhere to the highest degree of professional standards and strict client confidentiality. Apply current knowledge of IT trends and systems processes to identify security and risk management issues and other opportunities for improvement. Gain comprehensive understanding of client operations, processes, and business objectives and utilize that knowledge on engagements. Interact effectively with co-workers and clients at all levels of the organization and facilitate strong working/client relationships. Analyze various financial and operational Information Technology (“IT”) and business processes within an organization and assist in the identification and testing of the controls designed to ensure that management’s objectives are being met. Assist in the development of an audit program for the testing of IT controls across various platforms and application environments. Perform specific audit procedures, tests and analyses, including those that support requirements regarding Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. Prepare comprehensive written and oral audit reports detailing the results of the audit. Conduct periodic Risk Assessments (e.g., PCI, HIPAA) throughout the IT organization. Maintain an entrepreneurial attitude, willingness to learn and develop and a strong commitment to teamwork is paramount. Perform other job duties as assigned by management. Qualifications Recent college graduates or up to two years of experience working in internal audit, public accounting, or in industry in a large or mid-sized company (Sarbanes-Oxley experience a plus and other comparable business experience will be taken into consideration). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. A Bachelor/Master Degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field. Obtained or working toward a related professional certification (CIA, CISA, Accounting Designations, etc.). Ability to audit financial, operational, technology processes and controls to assist with SOX/CSOX/JSOX compliance. Intermediate to Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access Regional and International travel required, as needed, up to 30% Benefits : Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, generous PTO and some other great perks! Focal Point is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you’d like to view a copy of the company’s affirmative action plan or policy statement, please email hr@focal-point.com. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Chelsea Campbell at 813-402-1208 or recruiting@focal-point.com. This telephone line and email address is reserved solely for job seekers with disabilities requesting accessibility assistance or an accommodation in the job application process. Please do not call about the status of your job application if you do not require accessibility assistance or an accommodation. Messages left for other purposes, such as following up on an application or non-disability related technical issues, will not receive a response.