The Data Modeling Analyst performs clinical data extraction and analytics for research projects in the Cook County Health & Hospitals System (CCHHS). They will process research data requests and ensure that the appropriate patient privacy and security policies are followed, build Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap) databases for health system projects and work collaboratively with Collaborative Research Unit (CRU) team members and the Business Intelligence group. Shares all work products by revealing code and processes to team members. Typical Duties Performs data extraction (SQL queries) and basic analyses using Stata or R statistical software Processes research requests and logs events Meets with requestors to clarify definitions Works with Business Intelligence to build a knowledge library around tables and queries Complies with HIPAA privacy and security rules for intra- and extramural data sharing Generates surveys and data collection forms using the REDCap software system Clarifies data requests and clears output with Director of Clinical Research Data Analytics Performs other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications Master’s or higher in Epidemiology or Public Health from an accredited college or university (official transcripts required at time of interview) One (1) year of experience working with healthcare databases One (1) year of experience with SAS or Stata statistical software systems One (1) year of experience building REDCap data entry forms for research Proficient SQL query skills Preferred Qualifications Prior experience with R statistical software Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Characteristics Willingness to share ideas and code Strong interpersonal skills Detail-oriented Ability to work with a diverse group of users, including clinicians, researchers and administrators VETERAN PREFERENCE PLEASE READ When applying for employment with the Cook County Health & Hospitals System, preference is given to honorably discharged Veterans who have served in the Armed Forces of the United States for not less than 6 months of continuous service To take advantage of this preference a Veteran must: Meet the minimum qualifications for the position. Identify self as a Veteran on the employment application by answering yes to the question by answering yes to the question, “Are you a Military Veteran?” Attach a copy of their DD 214, DD 215 or NGB 22 (Notice of Separation at time of application filing. Please note: If you have multiple DD214s, 215s, or NGB 22S, Please submit the one with the latest date. Coast Guard must submit a certified copy of the military separation from either the Department of Transportation (Before 9/11) or the Department of Homeland Security (After 9/11). Discharge papers must list and Honorable Discharge Status. Discharge papers not listing an Honorable Discharge Status are not acceptable OR A copy of a valid State ID Card or Driver’s License which identifies the holder of the ID as a Veteran, may also be attached to the application at time of filing. If items are not attached, you will not be eligible for Veteran Preference VETERANS MUST PROVIDE ORIGINAL APPLICABLE DISCHARGE PAPERS OR APPLICABLE STATE ID CARD OR DRIVER’S LICENSE AT TIME OF INTERVIEW. BENEFITS PACKAGE Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage Basic Term Life Insurance Pension Plan Deferred Compensation Program Paid Holidays, Vacation, and Sick Time You may also qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) For further information on our excellent benefits package, please click on the following link: http://www.cookcountyrisk.com/ _MUST MEET ALL REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AT TIME OF APPLICATION FILING._ Degrees awarded outside of the United States with the exception of those awarded in one of the United States’ territories and Canada must be credentialed by an approved U. S. credential evaluation service belonging to the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators (AICE). Original credentialing documents bust be presented at time of interview. Please note all offers of Employment are contingent upon the following conditions: satisfactory professional & employment refer ences, healthcare and criminal background checks, appropriate licensure/certifications and the successful completion of a physical and pre-employment drug screen. CCHHS is strictly prohibited from conditioning, basing or knowingly prejudicing or affecting any term or aspectof County employment or hiring upon or because of any political reason or factor. COOK COUNTY HEALTH & HOSPITALS SYSTEM IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYEE 00119802