Make the most of your talents in a fast-paced environment driven by people who strive for achievement. Enjoy corporate strength, stability, and a rewarding career at a growing industry-leading and diverse operating company with a track record for success. Tap into the professional possibilities of Enterprise Products Company. The Data Analyst reports to the Supervisor, Design Services. This person works closely with the Design Services staff, Departmental Supervisors, the IT Department, and others, to drive improvement and communicate insights through analysis of data in a variety of formats, from a mix of structured and unstructured sources. The Data Analyst applies data analysis fundamentals and relevant techniques and tools on available data to summarize and visualize data, derive insights, and identify and resolve data quality issues, with as much automation as possible. This person identifies, reviews, and recommends data sources necessary for completion of Departmental objectives and works to validate and integrate data from these sources as needed to achieve goals. The Data Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Provides the Design Services staff with real time data analysis that relates to establishing and meeting quality objectives and enhancing Design Services efficiency and effectiveness. Analysis of the quality and performance initiatives throughout the Design Services Department as assigned. Organizes and analyzes engineering, operational and project data from multiple sources and synthesizes results into meaningful reports and presentations. Administrates Design Services departmental employee and contingent worker data. Start Date, Pay Rate, Bill Rate, CW Vendor, business system accesses. Administrates the assignment of location metadata related to company assets Facility Name, Number, Address, County, State, Latitude / Longitude, etc. Results provide necessary administrative data for drawing numbering, further resulting in drawing availability through CADXplorer (drawing search application). Administrates the creation and assignment of Project Record Repositories for AFE projects. Administrates departmental timesheets to capture charges to the various project numbers, work order numbers, and general ledger accounts. Allows analysis and reporting, based on charge code, person, or area. Administrates Design Services Data Input Site for Project Deliverable Tracking. Multi-user input system, tracking assignments and deliverables through completion. Administrates Drawing Issues Database, used to track the status and quantity of drawing issues that are reported using the ‘Report This Drawing’ feature of CADXplorer. Administrates / Participates as Site Owner of the Engineering Portal (MS SharePoint). Administrates / Participates as Site Owner of the EDRP Portal (MS SharePoint). Administrates / Participates as Site Owner of the Engineering Summer Intern Portal (MS SharePoint). Provides guidance on the most effective use of the available data. Provides typical and Ad Hoc reporting from the available data. Provides data related technical support to resolve random issues encountered by users, both internal and external to the Design Services department. Provides recommended improvements to the function and content of the available data and data systems. Qualifications The successful candidate will meet the following qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in a technical or scientific field is required. Experience using Python or R for data analysis. Basic understanding of descriptive and inferential statistics and data visualization. Experience with and conceptual understanding of relational databases, including ability to write arbitrary SQL queries. Ability to manage multiple projects is essential. Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment. Advanced ability to create summary reports using statistical tools, charts, and graphs. Proficiency with MS Excel, MS SharePoint, MS Access, Oracle. Ability to travel up to 10%. Primary Location : USA-Texas-Houston Shift : Day Job Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Unposting Date : Ongoing Organization : Engineering Job : Engineering Job Level : Individual Contributor