This senior level individual contributor is primarily responsible for serving as the lead technical expert on project teams, contributing to technical direction for varying technical solutions, and ensuring IT systems are effectively utilized. Essential Responsibilities: Conducts or oversees business-specific projects by applying deep expertise in subject area; promoting adherence to all procedures and policies; developing work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; determining and carrying out processes and methodologies; coordinating and delegating resources to accomplish organizational goals; partnering internally and externally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating issues or risks, as appropriate; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; evaluating recommendations made; and influencing the completion of project tasks by others. Practices self-leadership and promotes learning in others by building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; communicating information and providing advice to drive projects forward; influencing team members within assigned unit; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; providing feedback to others, including upward feedback to leadership and mentoring junior team members; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and improve opportunity areas; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. Develops requirements, or leads a team of IT consultants in the development of requirements for complex or specialized process or system solutions which may span multiple business domains by partnering with stakeholders and appropriate IT teams (for example, Solutions Delivery, Infrastructure, Enterprise Architecture). Leverages multiple business requirements gathering methodologies to identify business, functional, and non-functional requirements (for example, SMART) across the enterprise. Leads and oversees the development and documentation of comprehensive business cases to assess the costs, benefits, ROI, and Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of complex solution proposals. Provides insight, guidance, and recommendations throughout the evolution of applications, systems, and/or processes to a desired future state by maintaining and leveraging a comprehensive understanding of how current processes impact business operations across the enterprise. Maps current state against future state processes. Defines the impact of requirements on upstream and downstream solution components. Provides insight and influence to senior management and business leaders on how to integrate requirements with current systems and business processes across the enterprise. Reviews, evaluates, and prioritizes value gaps and opportunities for process enhancements or efficiencies. Influences solution design by providing insight and consultation at design sessions with IT teams to help translate requirements into workable business solutions. Recommends and advocates for additional data and/or services needed to address key business issues related to process or solutions design. Participates in evaluating third-party vendors as directed. Drives continuous process improvement by leading the development, implementation, and maintenance of standardized tools, templates, and processes across the enterprise. Recommends and advocates for regional and national process improvements which align with sustainable best practices, and the strategic and tactical goals of the business.