Career Overview JRC Integrated Systems is an award-winning workplace and recognized as one of Greater Washington’s Best Places to Work as well as a Top Work Place in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018. Headquartered in Washington, DC with operations in Alabama, California, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Massachusetts, New York, and Virginia – JRC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, management and technical support to the Department of Defense and other federal agencies. Since its inception in 2003, JRC has supported numerous federal initiatives by providing the expertise necessary to provide programmatic support in areas of program management, systems engineering, data analysis, strategic business planning and business operations. Position Description JRC is looking for a dynamic, proactive, and personable ambassador. This role involves the support of the daily operations for the Navy Program Management Office of Sunnyvale, CA. This role is a valuable part of the facilities team and is responsible for providing high touch support to visitors, guests, and employees. Duties include a wide range of administrative and office support activities to facilitate the efficient operation of the organization. Responsibilities Provide administrative support for office personnel General clerical duties including photocopying, fax and mailing (including emailing) Answer, screen and transfer inbound phone calls Receive and direct visitors and customers Maintain electronic and hard copy filing system Update and maintain office roster Retrieve documents from filing system Schedule and coordinate conferences to include booking rooms and meeting preparations Maintain office supply inventories (including computer equipment) Coordinate maintenance of office equipment (including interfacing with IT personnel to resolve issues) Distribute incoming mail and prepare outgoing mail including bulk mail Prepare and modify documents including correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails Assist with various program operations as requested as responsibilities permit Maintain appropriate interpersonal relationships with employees, and customers Other duties as assigned Requirements & Skills Bachelors degree or equivalent years of experience Years of Experience Required: 3-5 Proven experience prioritizing work and handling several tasks at one time Information gathering and information monitoring Ability and willingness to work independently and cooperatively with others High degree of discretion dealing with confidential information Ability and willingness to work some early mornings and late days Attention to detail and accuracy Flexibility / Adaptability Customer service orientation Excellent written and oral communication skills Proof of US citizenship is required. Must have and maintain a government security clearance at the SECRET level. _J_ _R_ _C Integrated Systems, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer_