What does a Magnolia Design Center System Designer do? The Magnolia Design Center System Designer is responsible for providing system design and sales proposals to customers seeking premium electronics solutions. The System Designer is empowered to provide a premium level of service to our customers by traveling to the customer’s home to perform advanced level consultations. The System Designer builds and manages relationships with builders, architects, interior designers and local Best Buy stores. This role will also be responsible for store merchandising, Area of Responsibilities (AOR), personal developments and other operational duties as assigned. As a Magnolia Design Center System Designer you will: Perform Audio/Video product consultations to evaluate needs, prepare proposals and present bids, including performance agreements and custom Create working relationships with Designers, Builders, Architects and local Best Buy stores Manage relationships through CRM documentation and complete post-sale customer follow-up Generate personal book of business Complete all aspects of merchandising oversight General responsibility for store upkeep If a candidate is selected for this role the employee will be hired into an Associate System Designer role for the first 4 weeks of training. Once the training period is completed the employee will be moved into the System Designer role. What are the Professional Requirements of a Magnolia Design Center System Designer? Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent 2 years of sales experience Reliable transportation Preferred Qualifications: Associate degree or above in Business, Marketing or related field 1 year Consumer Electronic (CE) or Consumer Electronic Digital Imaging experience Experience in selling premium brands Previous outside sales or business to business (B2B) selling experience What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.