Overview Bio-Rad is looking for a Quality Control Manager I, with Intrument Manufacturing experience. Responsibilities Works on problems of diverse scope and complexity where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Leads a team of 15+ direct and indirect reports, including QC Supervisors, Technical Associates and Quality Engineers. Management responsibility for multiple product lines and plant-wide QC responsibility. Analyzes the daily backorder report and resolves any QC related issues. Monitors all Quality Notifications (QNs), None Conformance Reports (NCRs), and Corrective Action Preventive Actions (CAPAs) and drives to completion. Creates and manages the QC department budget. Presents QC data at Monthly Cross-Functional Quality Meeting. Defines reporting criteria for KMI reports. Develops QCs 5-year Improvement Strategy plan. Implements QC Cost Reduction Programs. Ensures Environmental Monitoring and programs are effective and meet the necessary requirements. Reviews validation protocols to ensure compliance with all Division requirements. Drives continuous improvement through special projects. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in a related field. 8+ years’ quality control or manufacturing experience. 5-8 years of supervisory experience. Strong communication, public-speaking, decision-making, MS Office, and negotiation skills. Strong customer orientation and focus. Excellent technical and analytical skills required. Familiarity with SAP or similar ERP systems a plus. Thorough understanding of ISO 13485, FDA regulations, GMP and GLP requirements required. About Bio-Rad: Bio-Rad is a global leader providing a broad array of clinical diagnostics and life science research products. With a team of more than 7,800 employees and a global network of operations serving our customers, we help people live longer, healthier lives. Bio-Rad was founded over six decades ago and has continued to provide the healthcare industry with innovative and useful products that help life science researchers accelerate the discovery process and medical diagnostic labs obtain faster, better results. EEO/AA Employer/Veterans/Disabled/Race/Ethnicity/Gender/Age Agency Non-Solicitation: Bio-Rad does not accept agency resumes, unless the agency has been authorized by a Bio-Rad Recruiting Representative. Please do not submit resumes unless authorized to do so. Bio-Rad will not pay for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.