Data/BI Engineer ( Job Number: 183152 ) As a Data / BI Engineer you will develop, configure and deliver scalable and extensible data and Bi platforms which enable collection, storage, modeling, and analysis of massive data sets from numerous channels. The role will play an important role operationalizing and aligning the data and analytics technologies into the scalable IT & business capabilities. Develops and implements moderately complex big data and analytics projects and technical solutions by understanding and translating business requirements into innovative technical solutions. Design, implement, and operate stable, scalable, low cost solutions to flow data from production systems into the Data Warehouse and into end-user facing reporting applications. Document and maintain data and Analytics systems. Administer and implement data and Analytics platforms and processes. Perform software, code, and requirements analysis, software review, system risk analysis, software reliability analysis, capacity planning, etc. Provide input into architecture, design and development decisions around the creation of effective technical solutions and services. Provide input on development strategy for assigned projects through all phases of the development lifecycle. Identify, review and recommend new technologies to solve unique challenges and defines standards and best practices around data and Analytics products and technologies. Participate in building the Data Warehouse strategy to help put actionable business intelligence into the hands of key stakeholders and BI teams. Partner with the Data Warehouse team to ensure that the 3rd Party data needs are met in a scalable way. Education : Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other technical field or equivalent work experience 3+ years of relevant IT technical experience working with various Data and BI technologies 3+ years of experience of Data and BI Architecture and Management Services. Experience with analytical technologies to effectively expose data out of the modern data systems. Experience in the design, creation, management, and business use of large datasets Experience with installation, configuration and administration of the Data and BI platforms. Strong expertise in software engineering development and testing life cycles using including but not limited to Linux, Java, scripting, and SQL programming. Hands on experience in capacity planning, deployment, troubleshooting and performance tuning. Strong relationship building skills; ability to interface with various stakeholders Financial Services industry experience Proven organizational, interpersonal, analytical and problem solving skills. Strong organizational, interpersonal and multitasking skills with ability to balance competing priorities. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired and ambiguity is the norm. Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods. Why choose TCF? Established in 1923, TCF has maintained a strong foundation. TCF has over 340 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Indiana, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail and commercial banking services. TCF also conducts commercial leasing, indirect auto finance, and equipment finance business in all 50 states, and commercial inventory finance business in all 50 states and Canada. Our Benefits TCF encourages open employee communications and promotes from within whenever possible. We offer competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits plan, and opportunities for career advancement. For more details on our benefits, click on the Employee Benefits link on our career page. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or other status protected by applicable law. TCF is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Primary Location : USA-Minnesota-Plymouth-Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N Work Locations : Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N 55441