The Leasing Consultant is the property's sales representative whose primary duties are to greet prospects, to present professionally the features and benefits of their assigned property and properly secure lease agreements from qualified persons. The Leasing Consultant is very service-oriented and strives to make current residents feel welcome and comfortable at their property. Duties and Responsibilities: Maintain a professional, yet friendly atmosphere in the leasing office and other areas where prospective residents and current residents meet. Answer incoming calls and handle accordingly, whether it is a prospect or resident call. Transfer calls when appropriate. Greet prospective residents. Qualify and determine needs and preferences of prospective residents, professionally presenting the property and specific apartments while outlining features and benefits. Maintain awareness of local market conditions and trends, contributing ideas to the Property Manager for marketing property and for improving resident satisfaction. Complete all lease applications, assist with application verification and notify prospective residents of results. Prepare miscellaneous communication, as needed. Complete all lease paperwork, including related addenda; accept rent and deposits. Complete Guest Cards on all prospects, send thank-you notes and perform follow-up correspondence. Physically inspect property when showing apartments; pick up litter and report any service needs to maintenance staff; inspect move-ins, move-outs and vacancies. Organize and file appropriate reports, leases and paperwork. Attend company meetings when requested. Assist Manager and Assistant Manager in preparation of daily and weekly reports, resident communications, move-out inventory, market surveys, etc. Candidates must be flexible with shifts and have availability on weekends Experience in sales or commission sales. Experience in outreach or advertising. Experience and proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook). Expertise in verbal and written communication skills. Expertise in using social media (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc). Strong Yardi skills, including processing guest cards, setting up accounts and processing applications and move-ins, preferred. Fair Housing certification, NALP or other professional coursework focusing on leasing and fair housing preferred. Illinois Leasing License OR ability to obtain license within 120 days of hire.