Raytheon Global Business Services (GBS) has an opening for a Facilities Operations Specialist in the Dallas TX location. Position focus is on preventive maintenance and repair on all facilities related equipment and infrastructure including HVAC, Refrigeration and Building Controls. Rotating shifts in order to cover site Facilities operations 24/7/365. Job Description: Perform mechanical and HVAC maintenance and Central Plant Operations. Basic electrical is also included. Preventive maintenance and repair on all facilities related equipment and infrastructure. HVAC, Chilled Water Systems, Compressors, Boilers, pumps, generators, vacuum systems, VFD, and Front end control operation) Operation and monitoring of the site Central utility plant, which includes Chillers and related distribution, Boilers, compressors, vacuum pumps, Backup generators, Scrubbed Exhaust systems, UPS equipment, and electrical distribution, along with other support equipment. Must be willing and able to accept a position that rotates shifts with team mates on nights and days, including our compressed shift, which include 12 hour rotating shifts in order to cover site Facilities operations 24/7/365. Required Skills: Minimum 6+ years work experience HVAC and Refrigeration maintenance and troubleshooting Knowledge of Central Plant operations and controls. Basic electrical and controls for troubleshooting operations. Safe work proactive and hazard assessment Mechanical maintenance of Air handling, pumps, motors, valve operations and controls Good Team Dynamics This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. Desired Skills: Front end BAS operations (Siemens, JCI, Schneider) Basic knowledge of Mechanical and electrical and environment codes and regulations Basic computer knowledge and skills Basic understanding of Fire Protection Systems and controls Two Year Technical associate and or equivalent related experience Required Education: HS Diploma or equivalent 118620 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.