The individual provides ongoing support of SAP, Handheld and related processes in the branch network primarily through remote support. The individual will be expected to address ServiceNow tickets, support any production issues or fixes and ongoing project support and implementation. 1) SAP Business Support Associate maintains and enhances existing SAP solutions including, but not limited to: Collaborating with appropriate business units, production support team members, and develop-ers on requirements gathering, solution design, and creation of production support specifica-tions Facilitating and/or participating in functional and technical solution reviews with management, developers, architects, and infrastructure (Basis) representatives Configuring solutions where applicable Creating and executing appropriate test cases and ensuring the integrity of the solution prior to business unit and user acceptance testing • Working with the business to resolve solution defects that are identified • Communicating the final solution to the business and coordinating the implementation of the solution to the production environment • Updating system documentation • Collaborate with other functional, team leads, managers, and business representatives to deter-mine schedules and project timeframes. 2) Data maintenance and conversion as required for SAP as it relates to : a. Customer data b. Contract data c. Equipment d. Open A/R & Credits data 3) With their knowledge of SAP provides support for business units to enable them to utilize the functionality of SAP to further support the business. while supporting any associated ongoing training related to those processes. 4) Provides training and development tools to ensure all training material is kept current and updated with any current or subsequent SAP system upgrades or enhancements 5) Delivers hands-on training to members of a business unit on the functionality and reporting capabilities of SAP. At times may be called upon to create schedules for training delivery. Position Requirements: • Must have university/college education or equivalent experience Minimum 3 years in a customer service business to business capacity Experience with data conversion and maintenance in SAP Some understanding of training materials, training environment (system), and Business Units Keeps current on business processes and SAP functionality to ensure system optimization. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.