At SAC Wireless, it's our people who make the difference and are the backbone of our technology services. Employing some of the most talented, dedicated people on the planet is not by chance. People from all over the country choose SAC as the cornerstone of their careers, helping create and deliver communications, integration, and engineering solutions that our customers demand so that our world keeps moving and stays connected. Join SAC and help shape our future while creating yours. SAC designs, builds and maintains end-to-end network infrastructure for telecommunications, enterprise and public sector customers. An industry leader with highly trained and certified professionals providing best-in- class network solutions and services. SUMMARY: The IT Security Analyst at SAC will plan, implement, upgrade, and monitor security measures for the protection of computer networks and information. This position will assume responsibility for information security development and maintenance; design of security education, training, and awareness activities; monitoring compliance with SAC’s IT security policy and applicable laws and regulations; and coordinating investigation and reporting of security incidents. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The following reflects management’s definition of essential functions for this job but does not restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Management may assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons. Duties and responsibilities involve: Implement security measures for computer or information systems Develop computer or information security policies or procedures Monitor the security of digital information Update knowledge about emerging industry or technology trends Collaborate with others to resolve information technology issues Test computer system operations to ensure proper functioning Train others in computer interface or software use Troubleshoot issues with computer applications or systems Coordinate project activities with other personnel or departments Document operational procedures Assist with IT Business Continuity / Disaster Recovery plans Conduct Business Impact Analysis on Applications (for disruptions and how they affect the overall business) Collect and Maintain IT Business Application Asset information and be able to manage this in our Service Management Platform Work with 3rd parties on doing security penetration testing Assist in the remediation of any audit points found that involve security of IT Business Continuity SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS: Must have a minimum of 3-5 years related analyst experience with at least 2 years emphasis on security Strong communication skills to gather and exchange information with various levels within the organization, business partners and vendors Analytical ability to identify, assess and prioritize needs Demonstrate an understanding of project life cycle processes and methodologies EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. COMPANY BENEFITS: Full Benefit Package, 401K program, and opportunities for advancement in a rapidly growing industry with a financially stable company. Employment is dependent on the successful completion of a background check and drug screen. OUR MISSION: We build an intelligent, connected world through the unparalleled execution of services and delivery of solutions to the telecommunications industry. CORE COMPETENCIES AND EXPECTATIONS: Safety: Make a personal commitment to safety every day. Quality: Produce high quality work product. Speed: Execute with a sense of urgency and speed. Professionalism: Display a professional attitude in conduct with customers, vendors and teammates. Customer Service : Understand our customers' needs and deliver for them. Teamwork: Foster teamwork and be a great member of the team. Communication: Create and welcome open and honest communication. Ethics: Exhibit unquestionable integrity. Good Decisions: Make sound, smart decisions and welcome input from others. Financial Acumen: Understand how our work impacts customers' and our company's bottom-line. World View: Understand how our work builds an intelligent, connected world. CORE VALUES: Hire and Develop Great People : We hire talented people to share our mission, values, and core competences and we are committed to developing the best people in our business. Say It : We commit to action with our customers, suppliers, shareholders and team members; and lead with conviction and courage. Own It : We execute with intention, urgency, and rigor and embrace personal accountability for our commitments. Make it Better: We improve every day in every facet of our mission and business, and seek to be world-class in all that we do. Expect Amazing: When we combine great people with the ability to say it, own it, and make it better, we expect to amaze our customers, suppliers, shareholders and team members as we deliver services and solutions. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to do the following: Sit for prolonged periods. Coordinate multiple tasks simultaneously. Accurately complete detailed forms and reports. Travel may be required but limited. WORK ENVIRONMENT: Office ~CB~ _The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time._