Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals—from educators, developers, artists, writers, designers, and engineers, to producers, product managers, and marketing experts. We are the creators of the award-winning ABCmouse.com ® _Early Learning Academy_ curriculum, experienced by more than 10 million children worldwide who have completed over 3 billion Learning Activities to date. We are committed to helping _every_ child learn. Our Education Access Initiatives reach millions of children by offering the full ABCmouse curriculum at no cost to teachers and community institutions such as libraries, Head Start programs, and community centers—including public housing authorities and after-school programs. At Age of Learning, we are _Bringing Learning to Life_ ®! Summary Our learning analytics team is looking for a data engineer. We are a tight, collaborative team of data scientists and researchers building award winning educational products. We are looking for someone who can take a large flow of inbound data and make it easy to parse and access. Ideally you are passionate about education, passionate about data integrity and privacy, and enjoy building quality reliable software everyday. Responsibilities Build efficient and reliable ETL pipelines, and architect scalable and fast data models to expose data from our data lake Work with data scientists to make data available for ad-hoc querying, real time dashboards, and production machine learning models Integrate and build software for monitoring the ETL pipeline and ensuring it’s integrity Work with product owners, designers, engineers and educators to ensure that we are making the best possible use of our data Required Qualifications 3+ years experience in a data-related field, including data engineering, data warehousing, business intelligence, data visualization, and/or data science Strong software engineering skills , particularly in python Good with relational databases and rapidly writing complex queries Familiarity and experience with big data technologies (eg: Spark; hadoop ) and streaming architectures ( e.g. AWS lambda; kafka ) Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with Amazon AWS Familiarity with R Machine learning experience Interest in education! _Age of Learning does not sponsor work-related visas for this position. This includes, but is not limited to, H1B visas._