The Director IT Strategy and Enterprise Architecture is an influential role which provides technology strategy and architecture leadership for the co-op. This role champions architectural principles and techniques to ensure we are creating an integrated, robust eco-system which is responsive to change and supports the delivery of the business strategy. Specifically, this role guides co-op-wide current and long-term technology and architecture choices. They lead the processes to develop, evolve and express these plans through an integrated set of architecture artifacts and strategic roadmaps. In addition to directly supervising a team of enterprise architects, they are also accountable for leading the architecture and business analysis communities of practice along with championing our technology innovation programs. We are looking for an intellectually curious, innovative leader with a passion for leveraging technology to effectively achieve business objectives. The ideal candidate has a point of view regarding how technology strategy, analysis and architecture practices can improve our speed to market while optimizing investments and enabling long term growth. They can imagine a future where REI provides the digital fabric for inspiring, educating and outfitting its members for a lifetime of outdoor adventure and stewardship. They can envision a path forward, working in partnership with business and IT leaders, to articulate a strategic roadmap, guide our technology choices and inspire the organization to action. Leading the Way (team leadership, coaching and development responsibilities for this “manager of staff”) Develop and maintain strong relationships with IT partners and key business stakeholders. Be a trusted advisor regarding technology trends and the use of enterprise architecture disciplines to meet business objectives. Model the way for pro-active collaboration and champion what is best for the co-op. Work closely with the CIO and other IT leaders to ensure clear priorities and coordination of activities within the organization. Further develop and evolve the IT Strategy and Architecture team, associated management practices and talent to meet changing business needs. (i.e. Technology standards, architectural principles, architect practices and competency maps) Be a talent champion. Develop an exceptional team including the extended architectural and analysis talent across REI (technology, information, business architects and analysts in domain and solution specific roles.) Actively mentor talent and create a talent pipeline across the co-op. Evaluate candidates and provide hiring, promotion and skills growth input to hiring managers. Model the way, by owning your self-development journey and demonstrate courage by giving and asking for honest feedback. Communicate a vision and set clear expectations that inspire and engage the organization. Identify and communicate key responsibilities and practices to ensure understanding and adoption throughout the organization. Your Planning & Navigating Requirements (the plans the job is responsible for creating and executing, and how the job ensures they are implemented) Creates current and long-range IT strategies to optimize the technology and information assests needed to achieve the Company’s business goals and operational objectives. Leads IT strategy and architecture team to research and recommend strategies, technologies and best practices to meet co-op business objectives Directs complex systems process analysis, design and simulation for business systems. Oversees re-engineering of IT business processes in line with standards for best practices in IT service delivery and support, to enhance ability of the division to meet company needs. Develops industry best practices for enterprise architecture and leads change within IT to make fully informed technology choices throughout the idea to value delivery lifecycle. Oversees development and implementation of enterprise architecture policies and standards. Partners with the broader IT leadership team to ensures adoption systems architecture guidelines in the development of applications. Ensures IT “roadmaps” align across the IT organization and are reflected in the overall enterprise plans. Participates in strategic planning, applying both current knowledge and future vision of technology and systems which significantly impact the effective execution of business processes. Ensures that business plans drive technology solutions that support co-op effectiveness and profitability. Champion innovation and continuous learning culture. Promotes awareness across the Company of new technologies, innovative products and applications for integration within the Company’s operations. Develops professional relationships with internal and external peers, fostering these relationships through industry associations and providing education on how best to use division services to satisfy Company needs. Ensures that division programs, policies and procedures meet regulatory requirements and industry best practices. Bring your passion and expertise Bachelor’s degree in computer science or business administration, or equivalent training and experience. 10+ years information technology experience. Preference for experience in commerce, marketplaces, travel, and content/media industries Thoughtful point of view on industry and technology trends impacting solution architecture, design and delivery. Experience in technology strategy planning and roadmap creation. Strong point of view on best practices. Experience with conceptual/business, logical and physical architecture highly desirable. Be a change agent. Drive transformational change, sponsor change initiatives and enable others to innovate. Management expertise for sustaining processes such as talent development, financial management, portfolio planning. A strong team player with a reputation for building exceptional teams. A motivator of talent. with the ability to mentor IT talent and create a deep talent pipeline. Ability to influence across the organization. A strong team player with a reputation for building exceptional teams. A motivator of talent. with the ability to mentor IT talent and create a deep talent pipeline. Demonstrate a high degree of professionalism and judgment, in addition to the ability to make difficult decisions in support of the co-op’s mission. Why you'll love it here We are a team of creative, passionate people who love the outdoors. We bring our love of the outdoors into our daily work to create amazing products and brand experiences exclusively for REI’s customers. We’re passionate about delivering compelling, meaningful products in the market. Whether it’s heading out for a weekend of backpacking, a long bike ride or just a walk in the rain. We are guided by our values of authenticity, quality, services, respect, integrity and balance. By joining the REI Private Brands team, you have the opportunity to make a difference, be challenged to create excellence and enrich our creative community.