We are now looking for a CUDA Machine Learning Algorithms Developer: NVIDIA has become the platform upon which every new AI-powered application is built. From big challenging healthcare research applications to autonomous vehicles, or voice-recognition systems, the need for advanced perception and cognitive capabilities is exploding... and NVIDIA is right in the center of this revolution. NVIDIA is looking for a passionate, world-class computer scientist to work in its AI Infrastructure team as an CUDA ML Algorithms Developer. Our AI infrastructure products will be used to build and deploy leading solutions for a broad range of AI-based applications across enterprise environments. What you will be doing: Develop machine learning and graph analytics software libraries for end users Study and develop cutting-edge techniques in graphs analytics, machine learning, and data analytics, and perform in-depth analysis and optimization to ensure the best possible performance on current- and next-generation GPU architectures. Work directly with key customers to understand the current and future problems they are solving and provide the best AI solutions using GPUs. Work directly with open source libraries to co-develop algorithms and primitives for machine learning and graph analytics Collaborate closely with the architecture, research, devtech, tools, and system software teams at NVIDIA to influence the design of next-generation architectures, software platforms, and programming models. What we need to see: PhD from a leading university in an engineering or computer science related discipline, or MS and 3+ years of relevant work experience. Strong knowledge of C/C++, software design, programming techniques, and AI algorithms. Experience with parallel programming, ideally CUDA C/C++. Experience contributing to open source software projects Experience building and maintaining software libraries Good communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, good time management, and task prioritization skills. With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working with us and our engineering teams are expanding fast. If you're a creative and autonomous computer scientist with a genuine passion for parallel computing, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning