Position Description At Walmart Labs we’re reinventing the world’s leading retail platform, leveraging our unique strengths to deliver the best customer experience wherever our customers shop. Imagine an environment where one line of code, one experiment, or one idea has the power to catapult an entire industry towards a smarter future. Better yet, imagine if that power could be yours, every day. That’s what we do at Walmart Labs. Walmart Labs is partnering with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization on a mission to empower people who’ve been focused on caregiving transition back to the paid workforce. The Path Forward Return to Work program is a 16-week paid internship for experienced professionals, returning to the workforce after taking time off for caregiving. After completing the four-month program, qualified candidates will be considered for conversion to available full-time opportunities at Walmart. If you are passionate about technology, have at least 5 years of professional experience and have been out of the paid workforce for at least 2 years to focus on caring for a child or other dependent, we welcome you to apply and join our team. We are excited to be part of the Path Forward program, because we appreciate the skills you can offer, the perspective you provide, and the contributions you will make. This program offers you a chance to revamp your skills, update your resume with new experience, and make connections with other women and men transitioning back to the workforce. Responsibilities include: Participates in the discovery phase of new product features to develop high-level design by partnering with internal teams that are contributing to proof-of-concept development Develops prototypes to validate ideas. Reviews product requirements and translates requirements into technical solutions, drives implementation, writes code in order to test solutions, communicates project status and issues to team members and stakeholders Troubleshoots business and production issues by gathering system information (for example, issue, impact, criticality, possible root cause) and performs root cause analysis to reduce future issues, interprets the results to determine further action and develops solutions. Minimum Qualifications To be eligible for consideration for this returnship, you must have been out of the paid workforce for at least 2 years to focus on caring for a child or other dependent Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field and 3+ years of experience in software development OR equivalent combination of education and industry related experience. Strong fundamentals around object-oriented design, data structures, algorithms, complexity analysis. Knowledge and understanding of best practices and methodologies in building software that scales. Ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional business and software development teams. Ability and willingness to multi-task and learn new technologies quickly. Full stack - years of experience can be overlapping 2+ years of experience in Java development with Spring framework 2+ years of experience in API development and consumption 2+ years of experience in front end development with HTML, CSS and JavaScript 2+ years of experience with RDBMS or NoSQL Experience with Agile development methodologies, test driven development Additional Preferred Qualifications Company Summary The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission. Position Summary At Walmart Labs we’re reinventing the world’s leading retail platform, leveraging our unique strengths to deliver the best customer experience wherever our customers shop. Imagine an environment where one line of code, one experiment, or one idea has the power to catapult an entire industry towards a smarter future. Better yet, imagine if that power could be yours, every day. That’s what we do at Walmart Labs. Walmart Labs is partnering with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization on a mission to empower people who’ve been focused on caregiving transition back to the paid workforce. The Path Forward Return to Work program is a 16-week paid internship for experienced professionals, returning to the workforce after taking time off for caregiving. After completing the four-month program, qualified candidates will be considered for conversion to available full-time opportunities at Walmart. If you are passionate about technology, have at least 5 years of professional experience and have been out of the paid workforce for at least 2 years to focus on caring for a child or other dependent, we welcome you to apply and join our team. We are excited to be part of the Path Forward program, because we appreciate the skills you can offer, the perspective you provide, and the contributions you will make. This program offers you a chance to revamp your skills, update your resume with new experience, and make connections with other women and men transitioning back to the workforce.