PERMANENT Associate Contract Specialist are strongly encouraged to apply.The New York City Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD) invests in a network of community-based organizations and programs to alleviate the effects of poverty and to provide opportunities for New Yorkers and communities to flourish. The Department of Youth and Community Development?s Comprehensive Afterschool System of NYC (COMPASS) formerly known as the Out- of-School Time Program is comprised of over 900 programs serving young people enrolled in grades K-12. Through its network of providers, COMPASS offers high quality programs that offer a strong balance of academics, recreation, enrichment, and cultural activities that build 21st century skills. COMPASS providers are awarded funds through a competitive Request For Proposal (RFP) process. Today, with increased funding and commitment of Mayor de Blasio and his administration, COMPASS is projected to serve over 95,000 youth. Changed to COMPASS in 2014 to better name NYC?s contribution to building an out-of- school time system providing services afterschool, during holidays, and in the summer. Under the supervision of a COMPASS Deputy Director, with latitude for the exercise of independent action and decision making, the Associate Contract Specialist will be responsible for monitoring 20 sites and perform the following duties: ? Monitor and evaluate Community-Based Organization (CBO) COMPASS contractors. ? Review and approve program plans and budgets. ? Conduct site visits during late afternoon and early evening hours. ? Provide technical assistance and directs work improvement or corrective action for underperforming CBO contractors. ? Participate in contract negotiations. ? Advance knowledge of COMPASS sites by providing technical assistance and sharing resources to promote program quality. ? Provide technical expertise to contractors in the development stages of their contracts and contract/budget modifications or amendments. ? Evaluate contract performance reports, as well as agency fiscal documents to ensure contract compliance. ? Become proficient and provides training to CBOs on DYCD Online, DYCD?s innovative, web-based program management system. ? Make summary reports to higher administrative levels along with recommendations to improve program performance. ? Prepare standard reports as designated by higher management. ? Other projects and tasks as needed to support the COMPASS unit and its programs. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of full- time satisfactory professional, technical or administrative experience in one or more of the following fields: program evaluation, contract negotiations/management, fiscal/financial management, or project management; or 2. A four year high school diploma, or its educational equivalent, and six years of full-time, satisfactory professional, technical or administrative work experience in one or more of the fields cited above; or 3. Education and/or experience equivalent to "1" or "2" above. College credits obtained from an accredited college may be substituted for experience on the basis of 30 college semester credits for one year of experience as described in "1" above. However, all candidate must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and at least two years of full-time experience as described in "1" above. Preferred Skills ? Background in working with community-based organizations. ? Experience or knowledge of after school or other youth development programming. ? Strong written and verbal communication skills. ? Computer literate with advanced knowledge of Microsoft: Word, Excel, and Outlook. ? Familiarity with DYCD?s data system; DYCD Online experience preferred. To Apply Search for the Job ID 356380External Candidates please go to www.nyc.gov/careers Current NYC employees please go to www.nyc.gov/ess ALL APPLICATIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA THE ONLINE PORTALS MENTIONED ABOVE. SUBMISSION OF AN APPLICATION DOES NOT GUARANTEE AN INTERVIEW. ONLY CANDIDATES UNDER CONSIDERATION WILL BE CONTACTED. If you do not have access to a personal computer, please visit your local library Hours/Shift 35 Hours Per Week (minimum) Work Location 2 Lafayette St., N.Y. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.