The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) is the nation?s largest for-hire transportation agency, licensing and regulating the City?s yellow and green taxicabs, for-hire vehicles (including apps like Uber, Lyft and Via), commuter vans, and certain luxury limousines. TLC develops and enforces rules to promote safety, transparency, as well as consumer and driver protection for a vital mode of transport in New York City. The vehicles, businesses, and drivers licensed and regulated by the agency move over one million people a day. With the introduction of new apps and technologies, TLC is on the front lines of a changing mobility landscape in New York City. TLC collaborates with renowned universities on data analysis, builds partnerships with leaders around the globe on the future of transportation, and works to streamline agency operations to meet the demands of a changing industry. TLC is a committed partner of the Mayor?s Vision Zero initiative to promote safe driving and a leader in city-wide initiatives, including open data and the growth of the City?s wheelchair accessible taxi and for-hire vehicle fleets. To assist in operations the Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) runs a number of SQL Server Database and GPS technologies (in a Windows environment) to both conduct and monitor operations. In addition the TLC uses an Oracle Database Appliance for our more CPU intensive business needs. Working under the supervision of the Senior DBA the selected Database professional would: Attain a thorough understanding of essential business data. Meet with users to identify new requirements. Meet with other TLC DBAs as needed to help insure that TLC DBs are appropriately tuned for user needs. Assist users with accessing complex data structures. Create meaningful cubes/views for users to work with. Develop more complex graphical and textual analysis tools in both MS SQL and Oracle. Minimum Qual Requirements Professional/Vendor Certification, Education and Experience Requirements: By the last day of the Application Period you must have current professional/vendor certifications. In addition, by the last day of the Application Period, you must have one of the following: 1. A masters degree in computer science or a related computer field from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 12 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized database administration and development experience, including Database Administration, Data Modeling and Database Design, Testing, Technical Writing, and Version Control; OR 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in ?1? above; OR 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State?s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in ?1? above plus 48 months of information technology experience as described in the IT Task Inventory ; OR 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience which is equivalent to ?3? above. Education may be substituted for the information technology experience on the basis of 30 semester credits from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) is equivalent to 12 months of experience, up to a maximum of 48 months. However, if you qualify under options ?2,? ?3? or ?4,? you must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State?s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and at least 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized information technology experience as described in ?1? above. IT Task Inventory: When you are online, you may read the tasks in the IT Task Inventory by clicking on the Task Inventory button above the online Notice of Examination. Read the Task Inventory carefully to make sure that you have the work experience to meet the minimum qualification requirements. Preferred Skills Has 3+ years of experience in database development and support in MS SQL Server. Strong experience in Database Administration in SQL Server (2008R2, 2012 and 2016). Experience in troubleshooting and resolving database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, replication issues, log shipping issues, connectivity issues, security issues etc. Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, using Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and other related monitoring and troubleshooting tools. Ability to detect and troubleshoot SQL Server related CPU, memory, I/O, disk space and other resource contention. Strong knowledge of backups, restores, recovery models, database shrink operations, DBCC commands, Clustering, Database mirroring, Replication. Expert experience in implementing operational automation. Strong knowledge of how indexes, index management, integrity checks, configuration, patching. How statistics work, how indexes are stored, how they can be created and managed effectively. Knowledge of SQL Server tools ( Profiler, DTA, SSMS, SAC, SSCM, PerfMon, DMVs, system sprocs) SQL Development ability to write and troubleshoot SQL Code and design ( stored procs, functions, tables, views, triggers, indexes, constraints ) Solid acquaintance with windows server, security delegation, SPNs, storage components. Documentation skills for processes and procedures ( creating KBs, runbooks, topology etc ) SQL Database Operational support to tech users. In addition, preference will be given to candidates that also have development knowledge using Oracle PL/SQL with proficiency in all the facets of debugging, tuning, and optimizing PL/SQL code. To Apply Click, "APPLY NOW" Current city employees must apply via Employee Self-Service (ESS) Work Location 33 Beaver St, New York Ny Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position