ENGIE is a global energy company, a leading provider of electricity, natural gas, and energy services. With 154,950 employees in more than 70 countries worldwide, ENGIE achieved revenue of €69.9 billion in 2015. ENGIE is committed to being a leader in the energy transition. We are looking for talented and motivated people to create the future of energy. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity, and help us meet the energy challenges of today and tomorrow. The Role: Load Analytics Analyst I Purpose Primary responsibility of the Analyst position is to effectively mitigate organizational risks through pre-deal and renewal processing activities including load data quality maintenance, load analysis, and risk analytics. The analyst will support a pre-deal and renewal deal queue, assist with the maintenance of key data (e.g., UDC rates, profiles, tags, and loss factors) and provide support for Retail key project initiatives. Reports to Load Analytics Manager – Supply Location/Department Houston/Retail Status Non-Exempt Essential Job Functions Manage the pre-sales, and renewal deal processing queue for assigned markets Process deals in assigned queue consistent with established service level agreements, processing guidelines and quality standards. Procure historical load data and utility account attributes (e.g., service point location, profile class, rate class and meter type). Evaluate, set up and process account and usage data using Load Analytic tools based on processing guidelines and quality standards. Evaluate load issues by type and severity based on established guidelines. Categorize load issues by type and severity to determine which issues are to be resolved by the analyst, and which issues require escalation. Review completed deals for accuracy and potential issues based on established guidelines and quality standards. Assist with the maintenance of key data Identify and report inconsistencies or gaps in systems data Assist with the maintenance of internal documentation Assist with the post-contract maintenance of customer account attributes and load data Support GSERNA Project initiative user acceptance testing Research utility rate filings, protocols and supplier manuals to assist with new market entry and to ensure continued compatibility of our processes. Operate as a team member with all employees of ENGIE staff. Comply with all ENGIE policies and procedures. Carries out other duties as assigned. Qualifications Requirements Understanding of energy market fundamentals, including load properties (e.g., usage, demand, load factor, voltage, losses and read cycles) and deregulated market design. Demonstrated ability to accurately process customer account and historical usage data to be used in forecasting, pricing and contracting. Demonstrated ability to analyze hourly usage data to identify anomalies, potential metering issues or fundamental changes in usage patterns. Demonstrated ability to perform data manipulation related to incomplete or flawed load data or related to load adjustments. Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Excel Demonstrated ability to work with utilities and internal groups (e.g., sales, pricing and IT) to meet deadlines and to comply with Operations quality standards Ability to research, maintain and update internal tables of key attributes across multiple systems and databases. Essential Physical Abilities Ability to meet highest attendance requirements Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbally. Ability to handle multiple assignments on a timely basis with a high degree of accuracy. Capable of working and thinking independently in a flexible work environment without close supervision. Ability to use personal computer, calculator, etc. Could involve some lifting. Education/Experience Bachelor’s degree required Degree in quantitative discipline is preferred 1 year of energy industry experience preferred LodeStar and Siebel proficiency experience is preferred Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Excel Intermediate SQL knowledge preferred Working Environment Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is not exposed to weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. _For this role you must have authorization to work in the United States. Qualified applicants are considered for employment, and employees are treated during employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status._ _This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. Agency involvement is not required. All related inquires must be done to the Talent Acquisition team, not direct to ENGIE North America Managers._ _Job_ _:_ _General management / Profit centers_ _Primary Location_ _:_ _North America-United States-Texas-Houston_ _Organization_ _:_ _Retail_ _Schedule_ _:_ _Full-time_ _Nature of Responsibility_ _:_ _Operational / Administrative role_ _Job Posting_ _:_ _Jun 1, 2018, 8:51:32 PM_