The Information Systems Manager works in Data Center Operations, a Service Center within ITS, and is responsible for providing enterprise services and capabilities across WSU as well as provide data center co-location services sites, inclusive of support for space, power, cooling, and physical security. All Data Center services must meet institutional needs for privacy, security, accountability, transparency, efficiency, and cost-effective management of institutional risk. The function of this position will be the service owner for the data center. He/she will ensure that the appropriate teams, skill-sets and processes are in place to provide the service(s); ensure team performance; manage associated service center budgets (expenses and revenues); engage in contract and vendor management; ensure appropriate service related incident and service fulfillment and processes are in place and working properly; drive continual service improvement; and create and deliver analytics and intelligence around data center services. Additional Information University Overview Founded as the people’s university in 1890, Washington State University fulfills that commitment by transforming lives through education, research, and community outreach. In 2015, the University celebrated 125 years of delivering life-changing knowledge and discoveries to citizens across the state, region, nation, and around the world. The state’s only land-grant institution and one of two public research universities, WSU provides a world- class education to nearly 30,000 students through its multi-campus, statewide locations and online. The University strives to ensure that higher education is accessible at an affordable cost—a decades-long WSU commitment to the state’s citizens. The University offers more than 200 undergraduate fields of study and 127 graduate and professional degree programs. Many academic programs win recognition nationally for excellence. WSU is one of just 108 public and private universities in the United States—out of more than 4,500—singled out for its “very high research activity” by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University’s research agenda is focused on addressing challenges in health, sustainability, smart systems, national security, and opportunity and equity. WSU is a major driver of Washington’s economy, partnering with many of the state’s leading industries, including agribusiness, aerospace, health care, software, and construction. The University is responsible for nearly 20,600 jobs statewide and generates an overall economic impact of more than $3.3 billion annually. The institution’s operating budget expenditures total nearly $2 billion annually. The City Pullman is a dynamic center of higher education, research, and culture located in a region called the Palouse. The region is home to two land grant universities, Washington State University and the University of Idaho located just eight miles to the east in Moscow, Idaho. Washington’s second-largest city, Spokane, is located 75 miles north of Pullman. Demographics Daily designated Pullman a “dreamtown,” reflecting the city’s exceptionally high quality of life. Bloomberg Businessweek named Pullman the “Best Places to Raise Your Kids” in Washington. The city also boasts one of the highest percentages of graduate degrees among U.S. micropolitan areas, and its public school system has been ranked among the top 100 in the country. Excellent outdoor recreation opportunities—including golfing, skiing, hiking, and boating—are just a short drive away. To learn more about the Pullman community, visit pullmanchamber.com Benefits Package Competitive benefits available, more details at hrs.wsu.edu/benefits Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100% Position Term in Months 12 Monthly Salary Commensurate with qualifications and experience Position Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and four (4) years professional experience, of which one (1) year must have been in a leadership role OR a combination of education and experience totaling eight (8) years from which comparable knowledge and abilities are acquired. Additional Requirements Professional experience reviewing, testing, designing, building and delivering Data Center services in a large, complex, and diverse enterprise environment. Deep understanding of Data Center-related technological constructs around space, power, cooling and security. Working knowledge and understanding of Windows Server & scripting tools. Working knowledge and understanding of Linux & scripting tools. Working knowledge and understanding of networking. Experience mentoring and developing staff to adapt and follow procedures especially regarding documentation of work. Collaborate and partner with customers and coworkers to identify, evaluate and resolve complex or sensitive issues, problems or service needs. Experience with enterprise virtualization and data storage technologies and tools, in particular; VMWare/VSphere and HyperV. Experience with enterprise monitoring solutions; in particular, SCOM, Zabbix, and Splunk. Experience with enterprise configuration management solutions; in particular. SCCM Ansible, Puppet, and Chef. Preferred Qualifications Experience leading technical personnel. Exposure to project management practices (either Agile or PMP) and the demonstrated ability to follow project management guidelines to complete projects successfully. Working knowledge and understanding of Active Directory. Demonstrated ability to work individually. Demonstrated ability to work as both a member and the leader of a team. Ability to convey technical information to a diverse audience through written documents and oral presentations. Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 08/09/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants Screening of applications will begin on September 4, 2018 and will continue until an adequate pool of applicants is achieved. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134467P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Reference Contact Info Optional Documents