Performs full life-cycle application development and support for Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence solutions of routine to moderate complexity and scope, with regular supervision. Work is reviewed for soundness of technical judgment and overall adequacy. Position Key Accountabilities: 1\. Provides technical support for analytical and business intelligence solutions and projects within the IT application areas. Troubleshoots data warehouse issues including data models, application software configuration and supporting Business Intelligence (BI) tools. 2\. Analyzes data requests from various customers to define/determine requirements for modifications and enhancements to existing data warehouse/business intelligence systems. 3\. Designs new data warehouse and business intelligence solutions to accurately address user requirements including development of functional specifications and technical specifications. 4\. Programs or configures data models and structures, business intelligence rules, and applications according to design specifications and departmental standards. 5\. Works with customers to assist in establishing test plans and data; validation of program/reporting functions; and preparation of necessary forms and documentation for implementation. 6\. Provides expertise in the data structures of one or more types of systems and software such as GE Centricity Business, All scripts, PeopleSoft HCM, FMS or Campus Solutions. 7\. Coordinates with IT management, systems analysts, users and other IS technical providers to ensure that client requirements are accomplished. 8\. Performs other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: Experience with computer hardware, software and programming Excellent technical and general communication skills, both oral and written Certifications in relevant areas such as Oracle, SQL, and Microsoft are highly desirable. Clinical or ERP data warehouse implementation and support experience is highly desirable. Preferable for candidate to have 2+ years’ experience in Crystal, SQL (MS SQL Server and/or Oracle), Excel, adhoc and operational reporting, financial and/or clinical business applications. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, business, or related discipline or related experience in lieu of education. Minimum Experience: Two years of relevant experience Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 20 pounds frequently and/or up to 10 pounds constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215.