As a Data Insights Analyst within our NAST Business Analytics Customer Facing Analytics team, you’ll develop analytical solutions for C.H. Robinson’s customer facing platform. Key accountabilities of this role include delivering innovative solutions through progressive, entrepreneurial thinking and a structured analytical approach. Our solutions enable internal and external stakeholders to understand trends, interpret results, and ultimately guide informed decisions, leading to positive outcomes. Position is located in Eden Prairie, MN. Responsibilities: Data profiling, exploratory work, prototyping, visual development, initial data structuring Build initial application prototypes rapidly and accurately Adapt applications based on feedback Domain buildout, validation, and rework Clearly translate and communicate complex concepts into understandable, professional presentations Perform quality assurance testing of reports and dashboards, including UAT as appropriate Actively partner with C.H. Robinson's broader team of analysts and IT Qualifications: Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree Minimum 2 years’ analytical experience and developing business solutions using comprehensive, robust databases Experience with Python Preferred Qualifications Experience in the logistics industry Proficiency with T-SQL Proficiency with NoSQL solutions such as Hadoop (Hive) Experience using statistical programming languages (R or Python) Experience creating web visualizations using open source software (Shiny/Plotly Dash) Expert proficiency with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Office related tools Excellent communicator who is able to speak in-depth or provide high-level summarization of the subject matters they are involved in Capable of working beyond the data to understand the business functions and behaviors of our customers, carriers, and employees Comfortable working autonomously, but willing to collaborate with others to innovate and quickly bring solutions to life A curious, self-driven learner Responds positively to feedback from leaders and colleagues Travel 10% Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson At C.H. Robinson, we believe in accelerating global trade to drive the world’s economy. Using the strengths of our people, processes and technology, we help our customers work smarter, not harder. As one of the world’s largest third- party logistics providers (3PL), we provide a broad portfolio of logistics services, fresh produce sourcing and Managed Services through our global network. In addition, the company, our Foundation and our employees contribute annually to a variety of organizations. Headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, C.H. Robinson (CHRW) is publicly traded on the NASDAQ. For more information, visit http://www.chrobinson.com or view our company video. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran LI-AB3