Job Description For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Works in a data warehouse environment that includes data design, database architecture, and metadata and repository creation. Translates business needs into long-term architecture solutions. Defines, designs, and builds dimensional databases. Responsible for developing data warehousing blueprints, evaluating hardware and software platforms, and integrating systems. Evaluates reusability of current data for additional analyses. Conducts data cleaning to rid the system of old, unused, or duplicate data. Reviews object and data models and the metadata repository to structure the data for better management and quicker access. General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT) has recently been awarded a program and we are proactively seeking incumbent candidates for Software and Data Architect roles to include, but not limited to: Database Analysts, Databse Architects, PL/SQL Developers, etc. Current incumbents will receive priority in the interview process. Please submit your candidate profile and you will contacted accordingly. This program only accepts US citizens and/or Green Card Holders. The security clearance for this program requires the selected candidate to have resided in the US for the past five years and not have left the country for longer than 90 consecutive days. Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training, or work/military experience. Masters Degree Preferred. Qualifications USPSTSS For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.