Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary We are looking for a different type of architect! It’s about providing technology leadership and filling in technical gaps while having fun. This isn’t all about drawing diagrams. Bond & Specialty Insurance Information Technology is looking for a talented professional to join the organization as a Senior Solution Architect. This position requires a self-driven technically competent individual to provide architectural guidance, technological recommendations and transition strategies that support the development and implementation of business solutions. Ideally, you’re someone who can write code with the best of them but also wants to help guide others towards technology solutions you believe in. You possess a balance of technical depth and strong interpersonal skills. If this sounds like you, we’d love to speak with you. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities Provide strategic thinking, solutions, and roadmaps while driving architectural recommendations; ensure recommended architecture is consistent, maintainable, flexible, and cost effective; assist in the remediation of application stability and performance; adopt and communicate new concepts, ideas, techniques, and common practices; perform product evaluations and proof of concepts; partner with delivery teams and product management areas to recommend appropriate frameworks and patterns; assist the agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, and performance analysis; leverage new, emerging technologies as appropriate;communicate effectively and in the context of your audience. Key activities will include: In strong collaboration with the Architecture CoE, develop and leverage standards, patterns, and practices. Provide strategic thinking, solutions and roadmaps while driving architectural recommendations. Ensure recommendations support application stability and performance. Perform product evaluations and proof of concepts. Provide architectural guidance and subject matter expertise. Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 3 years of experience in enterprise, application, and/or information architecture required. Education, Work Experience & Knowledge Bachelor's degree in a related field preferred. 5 years of experience in enterprise, application, and/or information architecture preferred. Job Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies Required experiences and skill set: Has master level knowledge of multiple programming disciplines and a thorough understanding of the business being supported Has conceptual knowledge of varying technologies Able to drive to consensus on technical challenges Strong analysis skills - ability to dig in and understand complex models and business processes Demonstrated ability to translate business processes and requirements to applicable requirement types (functional, technical, etc.) and design Excellent verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams Preferred Qualifications Familiar with Agile Development Methodology Experience with the .NET framework including .NET Core Experience with microservice development Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery practices Familiar and experience a plus with Cloud native on PCF Familiar and experience a plus with Public Cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Platform) Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.