Job Description This opportunity is with a Digital Media Solutions company in Mountain View. They're building a next-generation data platform to support Smart TV products and services. Our R&D include TV analytics, ads targeting, personalized services and eCommerce data analytics platforms. We ingest and process billions of records daily from millions of TVs in the field, and we are looking for an experienced professional to join our team on the development of an integrated data platform. We're are looking for a candidate that has hands on experience with Hive, Hadoop and Spark. They will work closely with other data engineers and the data scientists. A background with big data and hive will be a major plus. The successful candidate will be a team player, interested in the success of the entire team as a whole. Our ideal candidate has a background in distributed applications, data warehousing, and databases. The candidate is highly proficient in Hadoop ecosystem, and Apache Spark big data stack. The candidate has strong programming skills in Java, Python, SQL and has an expertise in statistical algorithms for data analysis. Required Skills & Experience BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics or a related field or equivalent experience 3+ years of strong programming expertise in Java and Hive 2+ years of experience in handling large datasets working with Hadoop and Spark Strong team player Desired Skills & Experience Experience with Scala What You Will Be Doing Job Breakdown 80% Hands On 20% Team Collaboration The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $200K/year You will receive the following benefits: Health, dental, vision insurance 401K plan Flexible hours Pet benefits Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 11 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.