The Global Networking team provides managed network services for McDonald’s data centers and markets across the globe through partners in an IT Outsourced and Managed Service Provider environment. The Network Service Manager will be responsible for the core network services supporting our cloud and on-premise data centers across the globe. They will provide leadership across data center network technologies to the Business and other IT functions and own the lifecycle of data center network services, ensuring they meet the needs of our business. In addition, they will have responsibility for the managed LAN and WLAN service provided to our offices in the US and Canada regions. Responsibilities Service lead for data center network services, including MPLS, Internet, core switching, Load Balancers, Global Traffic Manager, WAN Optimization, Azure, AWS. Service lead for US/CA LAN and WLAN services; Cisco and Cisco Meraki. Supplier management of our global partners providing data center network and US/CA LAN and WLAN services. Service governance and service lifecycle management. Development of the data center network strategy and roadmap in partnership with the data center Network Architect. Ownership of the implementation and delivery of the data center network strategy. Provide expertise and leadership for the services to the business and IT functions. Work with the Network Operations Manager to drive operational excellence and maintain standard operating procedures for the services. Budget management. Service expense, chargeback, and forecasting. Be a network engagement lead for a division of the Business. Minimum Requirements B.S/B.A degree or equivalent practical experience. CCNA or equivalent experience. ITILv3 Foundation Certified or other ITSM certification preferred. Experience: 5 years’ experience in a technical management role gained in multi-cultural, global organizations. 5 years’ experience in a Network Support/Engineering role working in or supporting a data center environment. Experience of managing large IT Outsourcing/Managed Service Providers, both onshore and offshore. Strong network background in data center networking; AWS, Azure, VPN, MPLS, Cisco Routing & Switching, WAN optimization, Load Balancers, Global Traffic Manager, Cisco on-premise and Meraki LAN & WLAN, high availability campus and WAN design architecture. Broad knowledge of IT Hosting and Infrastructure platforms. Experience of working and collaborating in a globally dispersed team. Successful Characteristics and Skills: A motivated, driven individual able to use their initiative to make an immediate impact in a fast paced and dynamic environment. Ability to think globally and strategically, to drive change in a complex global organization. Ability to understand business challenges, drive process improvements and translate into solutions. Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills, with the ability to articulate complex ideas in easy to understand business friendly language. A customer-focused approach to liaise with internal customers (both IT and non-IT) through regular business engagements and service escalations. Willing to be flexible and available for out of hours work if required. A strong team player with a willingness to learn, engage and build relationships with both internal colleagues and external partners. CountryUnited States Requisition Number 6114BR EOE Statement McDonald’s Corporation is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce.