Montefiore Information Technology (MIT) is looking for a Business Intelligence Analyst who will participate in the implementation and support of a new ERP suite including the Finance, Supply Chain, HR and Asset Management functions on a single ERP system across all business partners. This strategic position will be part of a strong team that will play a pivotal role in the health system’s ERP technology transformation program and evolve to a shared services model across Montefiore Medicine. The ideal candidate must possess strong business intelligence and analytical skills and will work with the business process owners and business analysts for the delivery of accurate, relevant and easily accessible information to Montefiore corporate decision makers and external regulators or partners. This BI Analyst role has responsibilities within each phase of the ERP Transformation project life cycle including user meetings, requirements gathering, development, testing, implementation, and go-live. The BI Analyst provides outstanding client service and contributes to the organization’s mission of utilizing information technology to improve patient care. Role and Responsibilities Analyze user’s needs to provide solutions to complex problems. With an in-depth understanding of the data, make suggestions which result in meaningful outcomes based on the findings and criteria of the users. Design recurring or ad-hoc reports, data extracts and dashboards. Work with Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) team to ensure the appropriate source data is captured. Present alternative BI solutions, using creative-thinking expertise and solution prototypes, to ensure effective reporting/analysis. Keeps abreast of trends and best practices in the industry to strengthen organizational and technical knowledge as it relates to business intelligence. Be a catalyst for innovation and growth within business operations. Work effectively within and across ERP/Finance/HR business operations and IT teams to execute projects and roadmap items. Provide guidance during the detailed design, build, test and deploy phases. Monitor application performance, service delivery performance metrics, change management, ticketing and resolution of incidents, resolution of identified problems. Qualifications and Education Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Process Management or related discipline, or equivalent experience. MBA or other relevant graduate degree is a plus. Experience in healthcare specific reporting or other exposure to healthcare business constructs. Experience creating documentation to support user requirements. Experience working in environments using a development lifecycle methodology. Experience with RDBMS databases (multi-dimensional a plus) and BI software. Proficient with SQL, report writing tools and dashboarding tools. Proficient with BI tools (Crystal Enterprise or Business Objects) a plus. Knowledge of ERP systems within a Healthcare environment. Excellent written and verbal communication/presentation skills. Self-motivated with the ability to work consistently and efficiently to achieve overall team as well as personal goals. Excellent ability to multi-task and manage simultaneous projects and initiatives. Strong planning, organization, critical thinking, decision-making skills and problem-solving aptitude. High degree of confidentiality, maturity, tactfulness and business ethics. Experience in an academic medical center is highly desirable. Department: Montefiore Information Technology Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: MONTEFIORE IT Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 3 Odell Plaza, Yonkers Shift: N/A Scheduled Hours: 8:30 AM-5 PM Req ID: 92766 Montefiore is an equal employment opportunity employer. Montefiore will recruit, hire, train, transfer, promote, layoff and discharge associates in all job classifications without regard to their race, color, religion, creed, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, gender, actual or presumed disability, history of disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, pregnancy, military status, marital status, or partnership status, or any other characteristic protected by law. SF-DICE-MIT