Overview What You’ll Do The Sales Admin supports the sales team in executing the important behind-the- scenes administrative functions that keep the venue functioning efficiently. Without this critical role, our efforts to provide best-in-class service with hospitality for our Guests would be impossible. Sales Admins have to be great multi-taskers, great communicators and great team players. They are responsible for supporting the sales team in a variety of ways including management of inbound calls and emails, assigning leads into rotation, completing administrative duties as outlined by the Director of Sales, keeping the office organized and clean as well as other miscellaneous tasks that may be necessary to support the event sales processes. Key Responsibilities How You’ll Do It Answer phones within 3 rings. Ensure that Topgolf service standards are being met and the phone is being answered with a positive attitude. Qualify and distribute all leads. (Phone leads, web leads, walk in leads). Follow phone guidelines identified in the phone shop report. Make event packets and event playing cards. Process final event payments. Process initial event deposits. Track all payments and email receipts to clients. Complete event checkouts. File all paperwork in designated locations as to ensure paperwork can be found when needed. Ensure there are always a minimum of 25 site packets available. Relay any discrepancies between agreements and payments to owning Event Sales Manager or Event Sales Consultant. Identify any discrepancies between events schedule and event packets and relay to owning Event Sales Manager or Event Sales Consultant and the Director of Sales. Print BEO’s for the kitchen team for the following week’s events and for the sales team for the BEO meetings. Make sure there are always a minimum of 20 thank you cards available. Be an example of our core values daily and hold yourself accountable to Topgolf standards. Proactively identify ways to improve the office processes and elevate team excellence. Key Qualifications What We’re Looking For High school diploma or equivalent. Cash handling experience Clerical experience is preferred Excellent communication, prioritization, time-management and organization skills Proficiency in MS Office products (Word, Excel, Outlook) Energy and enthusiasm Ability to work on a team A high level of self-awareness, receptivity to change and integrity Availability to work varied shifts, including evenings, weekends and holidays