Aspect employs a team of passionate individuals who are changing the face of customer engagement. Over our 40-year history we have empowered employees by creating an inspired community that values customer obsession, unlocked communications and relentless innovation. Our ability to think big has enabled us to continually evolve and lead the market, and to stay on the forefront with exciting technologies including cloud, mobile and artificial intelligence. Job Description GENERAL SCOPE & SUMMARY The Strategic Director, Self Service Applications will be a part of a collaborative team in conceptualizing and developing CXP and customer self- service (IVR, Chatbot, Mobile, Web) sales strategy and once set, this position will ensure that strategy is being successfully executed across the region resulting in the desired profit and sales volume targets. Responsibilities include developing sales pipeline, growing new business, and recommending and executing sales strategies and tactics in support of the broader company strategy including selling standalone customer and employee self-service products and/or services. This role is strategic in nature and focuses on Aspect’s CXP solutions for customer self-service solutions in the contact center and related enterprise functions (such as digital marketing), and internal-facing employee self- service solutions, involving voice (IVR), text (chatbot), mobile, and Web technologies. This position carries an overlay quota and generally, not account-assigned; actively driving new & existing CXP opportunities from conception to close in collaboration with the account-assigned Sales Account Executives, Regional VP’s and Partner channels. Working closely with Product Management and Product Marketing to communicate demand from the market and evangelize product innovations into the market. May manage and coordinate the Solution Consultants and technical teams in support of the sale of the company’s products. May also be called on as a solution product expert to develop and present sales proposals, systems solutions and close complex technical sales. This role will also identify, initiate and lead sales enablement strategies to enable the sales teams in selling CXP portfolio of solutions. This is a remote position and requires candidates who can travel througout the US so ideally located in the Mid-West area. PRIMARY ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Prospecting for opportunities with new logos and within Aspect account base. Directly working with Account Executives to drive new business Directly working with customers that we have relationships with: Upsell existing engagements. Follow up on past engagements. Evangelize with existing Aspect sales team. Evangelize with Aspect PS personnel. Evangelize with Aspect Product Management and Product Marketing. Communication of CXP value proposition to senior-level customer contact Coordination with Aspect sales teams to develop Territory Strategy Plans, Account Strategy Plans and Opportunity Strategy Plans geared toward services. Work with Aspect resources to develop & position the appropriate CXP solution in the Cloud or Premise to fit the customer needs. Work with customers on appropriate expectations for the solution. Creation, coordination and implementation of Territory Marketing Plan, including presenting at customer marketing events. Ability to act as a customer advocate within the Aspect organization and advocate for Aspect to customers. Utilization of Aspect Selling Methodology process for identification, positioning and lifecycle of opportunities. Drive Sales enablement strategies & work with cross functional teams to deliver programs for internal Sales and external Partner channels Represent Aspect at Industry wide technology conferences, participate in speaking engagements and industry events Act as the subject matter expert in responding to RFPs and RFIs. Qualifications SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Highly specialized level of expertise in enterprise level self-service solutions (IVR and related). Solid understanding of the role of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the enterprise and customer service space Strong ability to close sales & drive a shortened sales cycle Ability to communicate complex information to business stakeholders. Strong customer service and teamwork skills. Professional demeanor to maintain and enhance relationships. Having broad expertise or unique knowledge, uses skills to contribute to development of company objectives and principles and to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. May be tasked with sales/development of new or strategic products. Ability to use professional concepts in developing approaches in the solution of critical problems and broad design issues. Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new assignments and may provide guidance to lower level personnel. Capability to work on extremely complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangible variables. Ability to provide solutions that are highly creative and to exercise independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Skills required to work on problems that have long term impact on success of organization. Proven success in identifying market opportunities, developing strategy and capitalizing on strategies to increase revenue and market share Strong Leadership role Expert in interpersonal communications, verbal and written Can-do attitude, never shy to challenge the status quo and try new paths, while staying focused on the end goal of driving revenue JOB REQUIREMENTS 12+ years field sales experience, including a minimum of 6-9 years’ experience with enterprise level self-service applications (IVR and related). Must have extensive Contact Center Solutions industry experience Bachelor's degree in relevant field. Experience with Customer Centric Selling is an asset Proven record of success for sales to large corporate accounts with longer sales cycles. Employee may be located at remote, home office location. Aspect will provide laptop computer. Expectations are that employee will spend up to 65% of time out of the office (days in field). LI-AB3 Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group.