Company: FedEx Trade Networks Job Title: Onsite Customer Service Admin (Google) Job Requisition Number: RC39193 Time Type: Full Time Job Type: Regular Primary Job Posting Location: 50 Cypress Ln Brisbane, California 94005 United States Posting Date: 2018-08-06 Job Posting End Date: 2018-08-20 To manage and expand our relationship with one major global customer w/ potential of providing FTN T&B with annual revenue of $500.000 and over. Create extraordinary customer satisfaction by taking the customer's perspective, anticipating customer needs and focusing internal (FTN T&B) and external resources to provide unique, totally satisfying service. Make FTN T&B the customer's valued partner in achieving the customer's business goals. Position is responsible for the management of one or more major accounts with revenue totaling a minimum of $500,000. Develops and maintains a strong business relationship with customer's management and collaborates with FTN Sr. Managers & Executives to form a relationship with customer's executive management, as well as with front line personnel in the various operating divisions and subsidiaries, to provide and ensure a high level of customer service. Ensures that profitability of the account grows dramatically by expanding current services and adding new services. Establishes and maintains a regular travel schedule to support the function of National Account Manager. Coordinates and provides direction for all FTN T&B activities (all divisions, all market centers) on behalf of the customer. Serves as the primary communication link between the customer and the various functional & geographical areas within our company including operations, information systems, accounting, customer acct mgmt, technical services & sales. Identifies, communicates, & resolves problems/needs. Develops and maintains a strong business relationship with correspondent brokers, FTN T&B and its other service providers to ensure that agents exceed the customers service requirements. Establishes and maintains a regular schedule of communication, including regular progress reports on critical issues and major initiatives. Manages/develops and implements customer satisfaction measures and assesses performance standards based on the customer's requirements. Access internal and external expertise to provide the customer with counsel on government import, export, and product requirements; provides advice on other logistics matters. An understanding of ocean, air, warehousing activities to effectively provide international and domestic transportation services. This includes an understanding of rates and rate making procedures, as well as the involvement of regulatory agents. Can be multi-service oriented; business growth focus via service expansion. Coordinated top and mid tier customer service implementation. Primarily supports top-tier customer revenue development. Coordination, analysis and presentation of data for key performance indicators (KPI's) and service quality indicators (SQI's) for top and mid-tier customer service. Maintenance of standard operating procedures (SOP's), preparation of quarterly business review (QBR), with top and mid-tier customers. Bachelor's degree/equivalent. Must have five (5) years experience in the broad range of operations and/or technical services activities, including at least one (1) year of training, group leader and account management, or supervisory experience. Individual customs broker's license preferred. Strong communication skills (oral and written) to organize ideas and to make clear, logical and persuasive presentations. Must be familiar with ocean, air, warehouse and surface transportation procedures. Strong interpersonal skills to develop and maintain effective relationships with the customers managers and supervisors, correspondent brokers and internally. A high standard of performance to promote quality both internally and externally. Demonstrated project or account management skills. The successful candidate will be working at one of our customer's site in Mountain View, CA. FedEx Trade Networks provides freight forwarding, as well as import and export services that allow companies to reach markets throughout the world. They help customers of all sizes solve the intricacies of shipping goods globally by providing comprehensive international ocean and air freight forwarding, surface transportation and distribution, customs brokerage, trade and customs advisory services, and advanced e-commerce and trade facilitation solutions. We're glad you stopped by and hope your job search experience with FedEx Trade Networks, Inc. will be rewarding. We look forward to hearing from you! FedEx Trade Networks, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disability status. FedEx Trade Networks, Inc. participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services' E-Verify program (For U.S. applicants and employees only). Please ready the E-Verify Notice available in English (https://e-verify.uscis.gov/emp/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster.pdf) and Spanish (https://e-verify.uscis.gov/emp/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster_ES.pdf) before proceeding with your job application. Click here to read the Right to Work Notice available in English (http://ftn.fedex.com/careers/OSC_Right_to_Work_Poster.pdf) and Spanish (http://ftn.fedex.com/careers/OSC_Right_to_Work_Poster_ES.pdf). Additional information about the E-Verify program can also be found at www.uscis.gov. Pay Transparency Policy Statement: The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless required to do so by law or the FedEx Trade Networks Legal Department. Import Notice to All Applicants: FedEx Trade Networks Transport and Brokerage, Inc. is engaged in an industry regulated by federal law that prohibits it from employing convicted felons. Therefore, it must determine whether applicants have been convicted of felonies before a hiring decision is made. A criminal background check will be required of all selected applicants before a hiring decision is made. Equal Employment Opportunity: As a federal government contractor, we are committed to employ and promote qualified minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans (including, but not limited to, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, and other protected veterans. Our philosophy and commitment to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination is the bedrock to job opportunities for all employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status (i.e. race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth, or related condition, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected status.) Click here and here to read more about "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." FTN will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the FAIR Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance (FCIHOO) for the City of Los Angeles (LAMC 189.00) FedEx Trade Networks will not rely on the wage history of a prospective employee from any current or former employer when determining the wages for such individual at any stage in the employment process, including in the negotiation or drafting of any employment contract in accordance with Philadelphia Ordinance No. 160840.