Technical Apprenticeship program will produce multi-skilled technical employees that have demonstrated mastery of the basic technical skill set of the 4 major departments of production to include QA, Molding, Tooling, and Maintenance. The candidate will have received on the job and formal training within each major department and after a specified time will demonstrate their mastery of a pre-defined list of knowledge skills and abilities for the basic technician level within said department prior to progression. The series of progression will generally follow the Intro to WNA and Plastics, QA, Molding, Tooling, then Maintenance path where there will be some overlap among the last 3 departments dependent on operational needs and constraints. The program is designed to last 1-1.25 years (as needed), depending on funding and availability of vendor provided training (i.e. Arburg, Husky, Whittman), and will culminate with a multi-day knowledge skills and abilities review with oversight by senior site leadership. Upon successful completion the candidate will then be placed in their preferred department (QA, Molding, Tooling, and Maintenance). If there is no position available in the candidates preferred department they will be provided an alternate department position until one comes available. Essential Functions & Key Responsibilities: Tooling: Job Functions: Dis-assembly of injection molds. Polishing of mold components. Cleaning of mold components. Inspection of injection molding components. Measurement of critical dimensions to .0001” Exhibit excellent safety awareness and follow all safety policies and procedures. Team player capable of effectively communicating in technical terms. Exhibit excellent attendance and ethics. The individual must own his / own tools .included mechanical aspects. Assist in the conversion of molds either in or out of press. Marginal duties Relocate component inventory. General cleaning of department / work area. Participate in the recovery of lost cavitation in production. Delivery of injection molds to various locations throughout the production facilities. Assisting others when needed. Maintenance: The Maintenance Mechanic troubleshoots and provides emergency repair and preventive maintenance for the injection molding machines and their support equipment. Job Functions To do mold changes To troubleshoot electrical, pneumatic, hydraulic, and mechanical systems and provide their repair. To perform preventive maintenance on injection molding machinery and support equipment. To provide cleanliness and safety of work area. To attend an operator training and maintenance training courses. Marginal Duties: To overhaul injection machines and support equipment. To paint and clean machinery and Maintenance Shop. To assist molder and/or Tool Room personnel. To provide weekend work. To assist in training of maintenance mechanic trainees. To perform any duty as deemed necessary by Supervisor. Job Functions: To start and stop molding machine. To start and stop robots and peripheral product handling machines. To clean, grease, and check oil levels of machine and mold faces. To cycle machine to maintain quality and efficiencies. To perform minor mechanical and electrical repairs. To troubleshoot and repair material handling systems. To have a working knowledge of support systems. To report any mold or machine deficiency (maintenance work order system). To maintain and update daily all required documentation including daily checklists. To insure proper reuse of rejects by completing all grinding by shifts end. To check and fill color concentrates and setup and maintain color concentrates. To perform online grinding. To check and fill regrind bins. To check machines running material from gaylords, and keep full as needed. To check and fill gaylords on all machines. To set up for color changes. TO maintain proper let downs of color concentrate. To utilize regrind wherever possible. Overtime as required. Marginal Duties: To provide weekend work coverage. To clean Conair dust collectors. To assist maintenance, Tool Room, and Stacker Departments. To perform any duty deemed necessary by supervisor. To attend operator training courses. To attend all required safety training. QA: Job Functions: Visual Inspection : The employee will be trained to identify the defects of the products. Different resources will be used in the process such as physical examples of the defective part, product specifications and procedures. Color Saturation/Density : The employee will be properly trained to interpret the optical density. Refer to procedure _CEQAP-031_ Optical Density Analysis. Color Confirmation : The employee will be trained to compare the actual product color against color chip and sample from marketing. This will usually occur on first article inspections. Lid Fit : The employee will be trained to identify the products that require Lid fit inspection as well as how to perform the test. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-014_ Functional Fit for Domes, _CEQAP-015_ Functional Fit and _CEQAP-042_ Stemware Functional Fit. Leaker Inspection : The employee will be trained to perform the Leaker inspection. Refer to procedure _: CEQAP-023_ Leaker Test. Scale/Count Inspection: The employee will be trained to inspect count and reset the scale when needed. Refer to procedure: _CEQAP-051_ Scale Calibration. Packaging Specs: The employee will be trained to properly find, read and compare packaging Specs against actual product. Date Code Inspection: The employee will be trained to properly audit production Date codes. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-074_ Production Date Code Audit and _CEQAP-075_ Date Code Procedure. Ink Adhesion/Rub Test: The employee will be trained to properly identify the products that require a Rub Test inspection as well as how to perform the test. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-036_ Reflection’s Rub Test and _CEQAP-090_ Rub Test for Printed Products Ink Adhesion/Tape Test: The employee will be trained to properly identify the products that require Tape Test inspection as well as how to perform the test. Refer to procedure: _CEQAP-039_ Scotch Tape Ink Adhesion. Dimensions: The employee will be trained to properly take the dimensions/diameter of applicable products. Refer to procedure: _CEQAP-032_ Outside Diameter Inspection. Weight: The employee will be trained to properly weight product and analyze results. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-047_ Weight Analysis and _CEQAP-048_ Weight Instructions. NWA Software: The employee will be trained on the main functions of NWA software such as: How to record and save information, search files, identify the Lower Limit, Target, and Upper limits as well as how to generate and read charts. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-065_ NWA Navigation and _CEQAP-067_ NWA Reports. Deviation Request/Approval: The employee will be trained to identify when and how they should create a product DAR. Refer to procedure: _CEQAP-011_ Deviation Request and _CEQAPF-010_ Deviation Approval. Swab Test/Sanitation Inspection: The employee will be trained to perform the Swab Test on equipment. Refer to procedure _CEQAP-070_ Swab Test Procedure. Quarantine Product: The employee will be trained to place production on hold. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-019_ Hold Tag Procedure and _CEQAP-095_ Control of Non-conforming products. SPC Data: The employee will be trained to collect and convert SPC data from Machines to computer. Refer to procedures: _CEQAP-016 H_ Line Log Transfer and _CEQAP-064_ Conversion Utility. Defect Daily Log: The employee will be trained to record the defects and other important events during the day in the “Events Log.” ECO IPT and Recycling First Article Verification: The employee will be trained to properly inspected materials and color. Refer to procedure _CEQAP-038_ ECO, IPT and RECYCLINE First Article Verification. Food Defense Training: new employees will receive food defense training on an annual basis. GMP Training: New employees will receive GMP training on an annual basis Safety Expectations: Safety is always the number one priority. All actions taken will be conducted in the safest manner possible and without risking injury to yourself or others. Follow all Safe Practices and safety policies and procedures. Report all accident, incidents, safety violations, near misses or unsafe conditions to your Supervisory IMMEDIATELY. If any bodily fluid (bloodborne pathogens) are present, it must be properly cleaned by a trained employee. Quality Expectations: Our product is our livelihood. We must ensure that our product is of the highest quality. Every employee plays a part in quality Follow all Good Manufacturing Practices while in production areas Adhere to all GFSI standards policies and procedures in regards to product Safety, Quality and Legality Adhere to and enforce procedures in regards to Food Defense and HACCP Candidate Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent required Injection/Thermo molding experience a plus Good mechanical abilities About the Company Novolex™ is North America’s leader in packaging choice and sustainability. Novolex™ is headquartered in Hartsville, SC and has 62 facilities around the globe, including the worlds’ largest closed loop plastic bag recycling plant located in Indiana. The company has over 10,000 employees in the US, Canada, Mexico and Europe. The family of historic Novolex™ brands includes Bagcraft® Packaging, Hilex Poly®, Fortune Plastics®, Duro Bag®, De Luxe® Packaging, Burrows Paper, Novolex Custom Film & Bag™, International Converter®, General Packaging® Products, Heritage Bag®, Burrows Packaging, Sheilds and The Waddington Group. Each of the Novolex™ brands brings a unique sustainability and product story in plastic, paper, foil, recycling, or composting applications. The Novolex™ brands are unified by four common values: Manufacturing Innovation and Quality; Service; Packaging Choice; and Sustainability. Novolex™ focuses on customers within the retail, grocery, convenience store, deli, food service, hospitality, institutional, processor and industrial markets. The Novolex™ product portfolio and our engineered solutions are designed to meet customer packaging application needs in the areas of food contact, customer experience, resale items, checkout systems, can liners and packaging operations. Our Mission Novolex’s™ mission is to continue a tradition of leadership established by our historic brands in the areas of packaging choice, customer service, manufacturing innovation, quality, and sustainability. Our Vision Statement To be a leading provider of packaging solutions that are environmentally friendly, create value for the customer and Novolex™, have excellent quality, and provide superior service. We want to accomplish this with an entrepreneurial culture which drives operational excellence and proactively creates ecological solutions. Our Environmental Mission Novolex's sustainability goal is to establish a viable environmental program and product line that: Reduces the impact of plastic and paper on the environment through recycling and increased recycled content Sets a high standard of industry leadership and corporate citizenship Creates meaningful benefits for the environment and the community Facilitates environmental action by retailers and the community For more information on Novolex™, visit our website at: www.novolex.com Novolex does not publically post salary information on job boards. _The Company has reviewed this job description to ensure that essential functions and basic duties have been included. It is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all functions and responsibilities. Additional functions and requirements may be assigned by supervisors as deemed appropriate. Pre-employment, as well as post-hire substance testing, is required for specified positions through Novolex. Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without Company sponsorship._ _Novolex™ is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices, including but not limited to, selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, and compensation to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, handicap or disability, genetics, citizenship status, service member or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. Any individual, who because of his or her disability, needs an accommodation in connection with an aspect of the Company’s application process should contact Jamie Wells at 800-845-6051_ _._ _Novolex is an E-Verify Employer._ Following GMP in compliance with all food safety requirements.