RESPONSIBILITIES Leads shift operations and directs vendors and subcontractors. Utilizes advanced skills to perform complex preventive maintenance and corrective repair of buildings, industrial systems, vehicles, equipment and grounds. Working under limited supervision, monitors building system operations and performance. Utilizes several trade skills such as carpentry, plumbing, electrical, painting, roofing, heating and cooling. AS Scope: Typically supports properties of less than 500,000 sq. ft. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Complies with all applicable codes, regulations, governmental agency and Company directives related to building operations and work safety. Leads shift operations, assigns work orders, and/or provides technical and procedural training of coworkers and subcontractors. Arranges for subcontractors as needed. Oversees and inspects the work performed by outside contractors. Inspects building systems including fire alarms, HVAC, and plumbing to ensure operation of equipment is within design capabilities and achieves environmental conditions prescribed by client. Reviews assigned work orders. Estimates time and materials needed to complete repair. Maintains inventory of adequate supplies and tools and orders necessary materials to complete all tasks. Consults with clients to schedule preventive maintenance and other downtime to minimize business interruption and inconvenience. Implements a preventive maintenance program to ensure that building machinery and systems meet or exceed their rated life. Performs assigned repairs, emergency and preventive maintenance. Completes maintenance and repair records as required. Responds quickly to emergency situations, summoning additional assistance as needed. Performs other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. Coordinates and assigns tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE Associate's degree (AA) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school and minimum of four years experience in complete building operations. Or equivalent combination of education and experience. CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES Universal CFC certification required. Additional certification in one or more of the following: HVAC, electrical, mechanical, HVAC and refrigeration systems, process controls, mechanical power transmissions, painting, plumbing, carpentry or engine repair. Certifications/licenses as may be required by local or state jurisdictions. COMMUNICATION SKILLS Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information. FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles and to understand operating budgets. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills. OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES Uses personal computer and / or PDA for work order system, email, ESS and training. Basic skills with Microsoft Office Outlook. Physical requirements include stooping, standing, walking, climbing stairs / ladders and ability to lift / carry heavy loads of 50 lbs. or more. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Decisions made with thorough knowledge of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor. SAFETY Responsible for personal safety and the safety of those who are affected by your work. This includes but is not limited to: 1\. Complete all required and assigned HSE training at a satisfactory level, 2\. Follow all activity policies and procedures, including all HSE-related requirements at all times, 3\. Participate in all HSE-related programs & activities as required, including incident investigations, interviews, auditing and assessment, etc. 4\. Report any conditions which you feel could result in an accident or injury and / or stop work if required.