Provide support for operating systems, networks, information security, storage systems and tape library as defined by departmental requirements. Maintain and monitor the infrastructure environment. Deploy the release of new technologies as well as define improvements for increased system reliability and performance. Lead enterprise base work initiatives and projects. Support multiple systems or applications of medium to high complexity. Act as the technical liaison between operations teams, engineers and architects. Participate in short- and long-term planning efforts with stakeholders and IT groups. Develop cost/time estimates. Document discussion and agreements. Work with project team to understand business needs. Integrate solutions with other applications and platforms outside the framework. Coordinate development activities with other groups. Develop scripted solutions and automation. Work with engineers on the requirements and provides recommendations for improvements. Forecast utilization patterns and identify modifications or upgrades. Recommend and approve changes/enhancements for improved systems availability, reliability and performance. Lead or provide technical direction for the planning, designing, and execution of testing efforts. Ensure that tests evaluate all possible impacts on the current infrastructure or application. Track and monitor improvements to validate improvement results. Develop and maintain metrics around the system and institutes a process for continuous improvement. Perform reviews periodically with users and vendors. Define and ensure continuous monitoring procedures are set according to the standard procedures and requirements. Create a plan to evolve the system to reduce cost and improve system dynamics. Provide level 3 production support. Coordinate problem resolution among a variety of functional areas and provide subject matter expertise support for diagnosing and resolving problems. Recommend the implementation of software or hardware changes to rectify problems. Plan and perform structural changes when necessary. Adhere to security requirements. Lead the design and execution of backup and disaster recovery plan for operating systems, databases, and servers. Lead the implementation of contingency plans. Monitor production, outputs and services to ensure that SLAs and other quality metrics are being met. Evaluate future technologies and make recommendations for software and hardware upgrades. Provide technical leadership, coaching and mentoring to team members. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in related field preferred. Five (5) years of relevant information technology, security, network, or database management work experience required. Three (3) years experience administering servers in an enterprise environment and experience designing, configuring, and deploying server hardware required. Relevant certification may be required. Five (5) years administering servers in an enterprise environment and at least five (5) years of experience designing, configuring, and deploying IT systems required. DEPARTMENTAL PREFERENCES Experience with other tools and technologies like ISIM (TIM), SUN Identity and Access Management, Oracle WaveSe Ensures long-term requirements of systems operations and administration are included in the overall information systems planning of the organization. Ensures that systems and servers is installed, configured and maintained correctly. Directs the activities of project team members as appropriate. Operational Support, Maintenance, Troubleshooting and Administration of production systems. Determines system enhancements and tuning Must have the experience integrating technologies such as LDAP and Active Directory • 3+ years of working experience supporting logon, registration, and identity systems 5+ years of experience with Web Development technologies like Java. 3+ years of experience with databases like MS SQL Servers, Oracle etc. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Analytical thinking skills. Ability to work independently, or within a team environment. Written and verbal communication skills interpersonal skills. Data gathering and reporting skills. The ability to be flexible and adapt easily to changes. Other related skills and/or abilities may be required to perform this job. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Information Technology Primary Location Detroit Organization Production Office-7113 Schedule Full-time