Cashier - Full Time/Part Time/PRN Job Number: 1800004I Category: Campus Services Location: 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX Department: 868030 - Nutrition Services Full/Part Time/PRN: Day Job Regular/Temporary: Regular Schedule: Full-time Security This position issecurity-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizesUT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information Salary Salary Negotiable Experience and Education Highschool graduate and on-the-job training required. Two (2) years college with no priorexperience. Job Duties We are looking for highlymotivated employees to join our Nutrition Team! The ideal candidate shouldbe able to work in a fast paced environment and stay motivated and quickly movefrom task to task.This position will provide assistance in receipt, disbursement, andaccountability of cash transactions at cashier window or Cafeteria. Must be available to workafternoons, evenings, weekends and holidays. Must be able to successfullypass a full background check and drug test. References will be required. Full Time and Part Time employees are benefits eligible! PRN employees are not benefits eligible, however this is a greatway to earn some experience or get your foot in the door for future growthopportunities! Sets up cash register.Receives cash till, counts operating cash, and places in register. Operates register duringmeal periods: rings up total charges, explains charges as requested, and makeschange. Assumes responsibilityfor cashiering equipment during meal period. Maintains requiredrecords and statistics, particularly those involved in cashiering such asregister tapes. Assists with servingmeals as needed, stocking food items and paper goods. Assists in break-downand clean-up of cafe and dining rooms as directed. Reports defectiveequipment/supplies, cashiering problems, and unusual conditions to supervisor. Alerts supervisor of anyproblems with guests or patients. Attends in-servicemeetings and other required training and meetings as directed. Ensuressafety/santitation guidelines are met by keeping work area appropriatelycleaned and promptly addressing issues which might compromise safety, such aswet floors, etc. Perform other duties asassigned. UTSouthwesternMedical Center is committed to an educational and working environment thatprovides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. Inaccordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawfuldiscrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion;national origin; gender, including sexual harassment; age; disability;citizenship; and veteran status. In addition, it is UTSouthwestern policyto prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity,or gender expression.