Implements, manages, and maintains Epic security systems to ensure proprietary/confidential data and systems are properly protected under corporate standards and in accordance with regulatory requirements. Provides technical services for the support of Epic environment. Participates with clients and internal organizations as necessary to further security and business requirements. Applies Epic product and security knowledge to support peer engineers, analysts, and technicians as they provide protection to UCSF networks. Required Qualifications Epic certification in an application module or security Bachelor's degree in health care information technology, computer science, or related area, and / or equivalent combination of experience / training Broadly encompassing or highly In-depth knowledge of 1-2 areas of focus in clinical applications specialty area(s); knowledge of operations, systems and functions, including planning, design, development, implementation, user support and training, maintenance, quality assurance, and system testing and evaluation Ability to apply advanced problem-resolution skills to highly complex issues, quickly diagnose problems, and develop, test, and implement appropriate and effective solutions in a timely manner Advanced written and verbal communications skills, to convey highly-technical information and instructions to all levels of clinical users and staff in a specific, clear, and concise manner Advanced analytical skills and expertise in documentation and reporting, with the ability to apply metrics, plan and implement testing systems, collect and analyze performance data, and produce substantive reports and analyses for management use Epic Systems: Management and monitoring of critical aspects within Epic Proficient at provisioning of end-user accounts within Epic Expert-level knowledge of application security build, analysis, design, troubleshooting. Proficient in Epic Upgrades and other maintenance activities of post-live Epic environment Expert-level knowledge of Import, Export, and Data Courier operations within Epic The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications Advanced interpersonal communication skills to effectively train, support, and collaborate productively with clinical users and key stakeholders at all professional and technical levels Advanced organizational and project management skills, and ability to lead a team, prioritize tasks, and see projects through from inception to completion on schedule Advanced ability to serve as a technical leader and information resource, and to work collaboratively with key personnel and management, providing guidance and recommendations on systems, improvements, upgrades, and industry advances and trends Licensure/Certification Epic certification in an application module or security Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.