Overview Western Alliance Bank is in the process of building out its Commercial Credit Card and Commercial/Consumer Debit Card Operations team in response to the exciting card payments growth that we are experiencing. We are looking for experienced card fraud analysts to join our team and build our practice and related infrastructure to respond to our current environment as well as prepare in advance for our future product and client expansion plans. The role will be focused on working closely with our processing vendor in implementing new fraud detection/prevention strategies and proactively managing the results from those strategies to ensure that we are managing our risk and balancing it with client experience. The position will work on careful planning and testing of strategies and building our own ability to oversee and manage vendor performance and with intended results. The role will actively manage fraud incidents and response strategies. Responsibilities Partner closely with our vendor to develop and implement fraud prevention strategies for our Cards line of business, carefully considering customer experience while optimizing fraud detection to minimize fraud losses for the bank Evaluate the effectiveness of existing strategies in use and recommend optimization within fraud prevention rules Evaluate the effectiveness of existing models in use and recommend optimization within fraud prevention rules Develop documentation related to new and existing models to comply with Model Governance, Validation and Regulatory requirements Create and maintain strategy rule documentation / governance as appropriate Develop analysis and reporting as needed to understand and communicate trends Explore quantitative segmentation strategies with advanced statistical techniques e.g. Logistic Regression, CHAID / CART Decision Trees Analyze trends for Compromise Events to track bank impact & utilization in strategy rules Build and foster relationships, gain operational understanding & document current business processes relating to fraud, and present findings / recommendations to management. Qualifications B.S. in Business Administration at a minimum. Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or other quantitative fields preferred. Experience managing and manipulating large relational data sources 2-5 years of modeling/analytics experience in Credit Cards Advanced knowledge in at least one of the following software: SQL, SAS, R, Python Exposure to and familiarity with different analytical techniques (Linear and Logistic Regression, Clustering Techniques, Neural Network, Decision Trees, etc.). Familiarity with wide array of fraud vendors, tools, applications and solutions (FICO, VISA, Falcon, FIS, Lynx, VRM, CardGuard, Determinator, EWS, Detica, etc.) Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with all levels of internal and external contacts. Proven ability to work autonomously with minimal oversight to elicit buy-in and move projects forward Proven ability to solve complex problems in a complex environment, translating business problems into recommendations that have measurable business impact Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with all levels of internal and external contacts, including senior management. Ability to present findings and deliver recommendations to various levels of management Preferred Requirements Understanding of advanced analytical techniques (Logistic Regression, Neural Networks, Machine Learning methodologies, etc. 5+ Years’ Experience in Financial Services 2+ years Consumer Banking Fraud experience with exposure to different verticals (payment card fraud, check fraud, ach/wire, loans, etc.)