Assistant Scientist(s) Department of Psychiatry / Center for Health Policy & Health Services Research Position Description : Henry Ford Health System’s (HFHS) Department of Psychiatry and Center for Health Policy and Health Services Research seek applicants for multiple positions at the rank of Assistant Scientist. HFHS’ Department of Psychiatry and Center for Health Policy and Health Services Research are core members of the NIMH-funded Mental Health Research Network, the Health Systems Node of the NIDA Clinical Trials Network, and the Trans-America Consortium of the HCSRN for the NIH Precision Medicine Initiative Cohort Program. The Department and Center have particular expertise in suicide prevention, opioid use disorders, and depressive disorders and conduct a wide range of studies using all types of research designs, including trials, prospective studies, and large observational studies within Henry Ford and across our participating networks. Clinical opportunities are also available within the Department of Psychiatry. Please address inquiries to Dr. Brian Ahmedani at the address below. Contact Information Brian K. Ahmedani, PhD Director of Psychiatry Research c/o cmarsha2@hfhs.org The ideal candidate will have expertise in suicide prevention, mental health or substance use disorders. To qualify for this position, the individual must have a PhD, MD or equivalent degree; post-doctoral research experience (min. 2 years); evidence of scholarly activity (publication of papers in peer-reviewed journals); potential to be an independent and externally-funded investigator. Research Bioscientific Staff are expected to obtain NIH funding; publish papers in peer-reviewed journals; report data at scientific meetings; participate in academic activities, (i.e. NIH study sections, editorial boards); and participate in HFHS research activities. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.