REF: 30799 CBS BUSINESS UNIT: CBS Television Network JOB TYPE: Full-Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: Full-Time JOB LOCATION: Los Angeles, CA ABOUT US: CBS Corporation (NYSE: CBS.A and CBS) is a mass media company that creates and distributes industry-leading content across a variety of platforms to audiences around the world. The Company has businesses with origins that date back to the dawn of the broadcasting age as well as new ventures that operate on the leading edge of media. CBS owns the most-watched television network in the U.S. and one of the world’s largest libraries of entertainment content, making its brand — "the Eye" — one of the most recognized in business. The Company’s operations span virtually every field of media and entertainment, including cable, publishing, radio, local TV, film, and interactive and socially responsible media. CBS’s businesses include CBS Television Network, The CW (a joint venture between CBS Corporation and Warner Bros. Entertainment), CBS Television Studios, CBS Studios International, CBS Television Distribution, CBS Consumer Products, CBS Home Entertainment, CBS Interactive, CBS Films, Showtime Networks, CBS Sports Network, Pop (a joint venture between CBS Corporation and Lionsgate), Smithsonian Networks, Simon & Schuster, CBS Television Stations, CBS Radio and CBS EcoMedia. For more information, go to [1] www.cbscorporation.com. References Visible links 1\. http://www.cbscorporation.com/ DESCRIPTION: As a LATX Operation technician, the main job responsibilities include the setup of transmission equipment, signal routing, quality control, and monitoring of all incoming and outgoing feeds associated with the CBS Television Network. The operator will also support transmissions of other CBS and non CBS clients such as CBS Entertainment, CBS Sports, CBS News, and Syndication divisions along with shows produced out of Television City for other networks. This position requires the ability to quickly diagnose and resolve technical issues to maintain proper air operations. The ability to resolve complicated on-air issues within time constraints is a must. The LATX Operation technician is also responsible for the coordination of Television City studios and third party distribution vendors in sending and receiving live and recorded program feeds via satellite and fiber optic connections. The technician must ensure all inbound and outbound signals meet or exceed established technical standards. QUALIFICATIONS: Familiarity with broadcasting workflows, transmission encoder set up, routing switcher operation, IRD configuration and decoding, audio PIDS, HD/SDI metadata, captioning encoding, Nielsen encoding, audio mapping, HD/SDI, ASI, Dolby channel encoding, and audio phase relationships are required along with basic knowledge in MPEG compression, multiplexing, encryption, and data transport standards. Proficiency in the operations of video/audio/RF and data testing equipment is a must. The operator must be able to work independently and cooperatively with a highly technical team and possess good interpersonal and communication skills. The technician is expected to be flexible with shift schedules at times to ensure proper operational coverage. A BS/BA degree or AS/AA degree in broadcasting or related fields is preferred, but not required for consideration. This position requires a minimum of 5 years of experience in transmission workflow in television broadcasting. EEO STATEMENT: Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled