Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Manager in Technology Enablement for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Actively participate in the execution of client engagements in compliance with firm and practice unit service delivery standards Conduct current state needs assessments and design target state solutions Assist customers in developing automation strategies and roadmaps while also providing guidance around Centers of Excellence, best practices, and overall program governance Develop business requirements for the implementation of future state automation capabilities Build, test, and deliver robotic automation capabilities using industry leading RPA, Chat and Artificial Intelligence technology vendor solutions Contribute thought leadership to the development and evolution of our Digital Enablement Practice methodologies and intellectual capital including publishing articles, whitepapers, or performing research in support of TPI initiatives Qualifications: Minimum of five years of experience in technology project management, business process, process delivery and/or information systems within an audit, tax, and/or advisory firm Minimum of three years of experience in leading teams of business analysts and technology delivery professionals as well as a minimum of five years of experience in the Oil and Gas industry including upstream, midstream, and downstream Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Engineering, Science, or other quantitative discipline with specialization from an accredited college or university Experience with process automation modeling/scripting with tools such as BluePrism, Automation Anywhere, UIPath, and Work Fusion Experience with .Net, R, Python, SQL, Java or JavaScript, and application API development and certification in one or more of BluePrism, Automation Anywhere, UIPath, and Work Fusion is a plus Experience with Data Analytics, Cognitive / AI, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) with preference given for industry experience Must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future Travel may be up to eighty to one hundred percent KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.