Job Title Engineer Helper Job Description Summary This position is expected to support the Assistant and/or Chief Engineer in the day-to-day maintenance, repair, and efficient operation of all building systems and equipment. The engineer will be expected to coordinate and complete all requests for work, assign priorities, delegate to appropriate contractor, if required, and follow-up on completion. In particular, the Engineer will be expected to perform routine maintenance and repairs of all HVAC, boiler, heating, refrigeration, water, and energy systems to ensure the effective operation of the facility. This is a non-supervisory position. Job Description Operation, maintenance, and repair of all heaters, pumps, valves, appurtenances and lines used in the distribution of steam and heated or processed water. Operation, maintenance and repair all vehicular arrestor devices (VAD), for example Secure USA and Heald barriers, including electronic control, electrical and hydraulic systems. Operation, maintenance and repair of refrigerant compressors, condensers, evaporators, traps, transfer pumps, expansion valves, stop valves, float valves, together with all refrigerant lines and devices used to control temperature, and air conditioning systems in their entirety. Operation, maintenance and repair of pumps handling water or other secondary refrigerating liquids together with all valves, appurtenances and lines used in the system. Operation, maintenance and repair of air compressors, together with distribution lines and all valves and devices for air control. Operation, maintenance and repair of all natural and manufactured gas distribution lines, including all valves and control devices. Operation, maintenance and repair of water filters, softeners, piping and pumps used in conjunction with water distribution, including all sinks and toilet bowls, including all supply lines, drains, water lines, control devices and sprinkler systems. Operation, maintenance and repair of all types of electrical motors and engines used to power pumps, compressors and fans. Operation, maintenance and repair of building automation systems for HVAC, including consoles, data gathering panels, remote sensors and indicating devices. Operation, maintenance and repair of sanitary sewer systems, sump pumps including basins, water closets, urinals and piping. Maintenance and repair of trash compactors, including electrical and hydraulic systems. Operation and maintenance of hydraulically operated systems including compressors, valves, cylinders, rams and control equipment. Maintenance and repair of all kitchen equipment excluding tenant owned equipment. General Maintenance including but not limited to: Repairs on toilet facilities including soap dispensers. Repairs on registers and radiators. Replacement of lamps and cleaning of light fixtures. Removing ceiling tile. Minor repairs on furniture and floors. Maintaining and/or replacing door hardware. Maintenance painting in equipment rooms, cooling tower and other building facilities. Assist in the replacement of filters in the HVAC equipment. Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.