An Oracle Developer is responsible for the complex design, development, documentation, programming, and maintenance of Oracle-based applications and databases. Benefits Insurance: Paid premiums for your choice of several medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans. Retirement: Membership in the California Public Employee Retirement System (CalPERS). Vacation: 24 days each year. Paid Holidays: 12 days. Job Duties/Responsibilities Typical duties may include: Analyzing business requirements, proposes, designs, and implementing innovative technical solutions based on sound technical judgment. Analyzing, troubleshooting, and identifying root causes and resolves data and/or system related issues and providing production support to development teams for existing systems. Collaborating with the infrastructure architects and database teams to ensure that all approved development and deployment procedures are followed. Designing and developing application database layers and collaborating with other IT teams to develop and implement database systems. Designing and developing specialized data structures for the purposes of data consumption by public facing websites and/or business intelligence data visualizations. Coordinating with business analysts to define, clarify, and finalize the required business and technical requirements, and translating business requirements into a conceptual, logical, and physical data model. Establishing and implementing application development standards and documentation following best practices. Reviewing and optimizing query performance and supporting the customization and configuration of Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) and/or Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite 11g or higher. To view the complete class description, please visit www.lausdjobs.org. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org Minimum Requirements Education: Graduation from a recognized college or university, preferably with a bachelor’s degree in computer information systems, computer science, or a closely related field. Experience: Five years of experience programming and developing business or data warehouse applications in an Oracle-based environment. Three of the last five years must be working with Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) and/or Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite 11g or higher. At least two years of the above experience must be in a team lead or supervisory role. Experience may be concurrent. Special: A valid California Driver License. Use of an automobile. Special Note: Employees in this class are subject to call at any hour Desirable Qualifications The ideal candidate for the Oracle Developer position is experienced with data warehousing and big data. This candidate has strong working experience with Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) and Oracle Business Intelligence tools (i.e. OBIEE, Essbase, and Geospatial) and is knowledgeable of Oracle 11g or higher relational database systems. S/he has experience implementing enterprise class systems and performance tuning for large database systems. This candidate has a strong knowledge of SQL and PL-SQL programming language, Java, and Unix, as well as web page design and development. S/he is skilled in writing and coding difficult and complex programs and is capable of preparing clear and logical system designs. Furthermore, this individual has experience supervising or leading development/technical teams, and is able to effectively train staff members assigned to projects. Lastly, this position will work with different stakeholders, and so it is important that the incumbent is an excellent communicator (oral and written). Employment Selection Process The selection process for this position will tentatively consist of one or more of the following: a Technical Written Test/Project and an Interview. We anticipate receiving a number of well qualified applicants for this position; therefore there will be a competitive process. The hiring Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org departments have requested that we proceed with the selection process in an expeditious and timely manner. To honor this request we will be adhering to a pre-planned employment assessment schedule. For up-to-date information about test dates, view our testing schedule by visiting our website at http://www.lausdjobs.org - My LAUSD Career/Hiring Process/Pre-Employment Testing Process. As testing dates may change, we encourage you to visit this site periodically to confirm testing schedules. For more information about the LAUSD employment assessment process, visit the 'My LAUSD Career' section of our website at http://www.lausdjobs.org . Please be sure to include correspondence from @lausd.net as an approved sender so that messages aren't accidentally placed into your spam/junk e-mail folder. Application Process DO YOU NEED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE WITH THE ON-LINE APPLICATION? Call 213-241-3455 Weekdays 8:00 am – 4:30 pm or email us at helpmeapply@lausd.net. To find out whether the application deadline has been extended, visit the website at: http://www.lausdjobs.org . The Los Angeles Unified School District intends that all qualified persons shall have equal opportunities for employment and promotion. Reasonable accommodations in completing an application and testing are available to individuals with disabilities. Please call (213) 241-3455 for more information. Additional Posting Information Selection and promotion are based on a competitive employment assessment process. Candidates who pass all parts of the assessment process are placed on a hiring (eligibility) list based on their assessment score. Hiring departments may make job offers to candidates on the top three ranks of the hiring list. Eligibility typically lasts for 12 months. The hiring list resulting from this assessment process may be used to fill open positions in related job classifications. Follow us on: Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/LAUSDCareers?v=wall Twitter at http://twitter.com/!/lausdjobs LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/groupInvitation?gid=1997274 & invID=7292448 & sharedKey=XT2LGM2h&mboxItemID;=192065457 Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org