Plan, organize, direct, control, and lead the performance transformation program to achieve the strategic and financial objectives of the organization. Develop strategies aimed at improving organizational performance and program success. Develop and maintain monitoring activities related to program initiatives. Manage large-scale, complex, strategic projects and initiatives. Develop plans, monitor progress, manage risk and validate expected outcomes. Inform key stakeholders of the process and outcome. Provide effective internal and external communication of program performance, its impact, and performance to plan. Consult with business unit leaders and employees regarding performance improvement facilitation and implementation. Contribute to the improvement of corporate business results by providing insight and innovative problem solving. Develop metrics, analyze performance and perform root cause analysis. Initiate problem solving using data analysis tools, performance measurements and decision making processes. Assess and diagnose process related problems that interfere with optimal performance. Create formal presentations, discussion documents and updates for presentation to senior executive team. Develop appropriate reports summarizing data enabling management to make sound business decisions. Other duties may be assigned. Departmental Preferences: Experience working in IT Project Management and/or Financial areas Business consulting experience partnering with executive leadership Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or related field. Minimum of five (5) years experience with increasing responsibility in business unit consulting with an emphasis on process improvement, business management, and strategic planning. Experience in practical application of statistical analysis to business problems and situations. Must be able to work effectively with employees at all levels of the organization and to identify, analyze, and recommend solutions to their business issues. In-depth knowledge of statistical data analysis, statistical quality control, and experimental design, and apply them to practical situations. Demonstrated knowledge and competency in process improvement, project management, strategic planning, and performance measurement. Ability to adapt quickly and work independently with multiple priorities. Proven ability to speak effectively before groups and facilitate workgroups and meetings. Excellent analytical, organizational, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills. Proficiency in PC applications such as Excel, PowerPoint, and Access. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Human Resources Primary Location Detroit Organization Bus Eff & Continuous Imp-7107 Schedule Full-time