The “UAT Analyst” will represent claims system business users and thoroughly test new system functionality, document issues, and validate issue resolution. This position reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and user needs. The position will also provide input into business requirements for enhancements. _What You’ll Do_ Testing of features and fixes related to claims system Thinks through test scenarios, develops appropriate use cases/test plans, and helps prepare test data. Represents the user community, contributes ideas for system improvements and assists with requirements. Coordinates closely with the Quality Assurance team. Supports management in the resolution of defects and issues. Identifies and manages issues that may impact project quality and timeliness. Provides support to end users as needed. This position requires the ability to create test plans and analyze test scenarios. Requires the ability to make or recommend business decisions based on data analysis. Must be able to interact with all levels and facilitate group discussions to promote consensus. Must perform other duties as required or assigned. _What You’ll Bring_ At least two years of previous User Acceptance Testing or Quality Assurance testing experience preferred. Thorough knowledge of Managed Care industry. Excellent process development, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Superb organizational skills, and the ability to prioritize and manage multiple priorities. Strong collaborative, proactive, and positive working style with a customer service focus. A detailed understanding of the principles and application of system design, reengineering, project management, quality improvement, outcomes measurement, and statistical analysis. Excellent verbal, written, presentation, and group facilitation skills, with the ability to convey complex/technical information in a manner that others can understand. Flexibility to work remotely and/or travel to client locations as needed with the ability to meet multiple deadlines and handle interruptions to on-going work activities. _You’ll Be Successful If_ You are comfortable with an "all hands-on deck" mentality, love solving problems and can thrive in a fast paced culture. You are a team player but also can contribute individually to get things done fast and while using limited resources You are adaptable and can work successfully in a constantly changing environment