Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary Travelers has an exciting opportunity for a senior engineer on our Digital Technologies team. You will be joining an innovative team that is creating forward thinking software solutions. As a member of this team, you enjoy seeking opportunities to be a technical advocate to influence, develop and or redesign strategic software applications. You stay on top of the latest technology trends and have a passion for building responsive web, web services and API enabled architecture. Your expertise in Javascript UI Frameworks such as Angular, NodeJS, or React will lead to success. You also enjoy working as a part of a team in a collaborative environment. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities Full stack developer/engineer Design, test, develop, deploy, maintain and improve software assets Deliver high quality code thru hands on development with attention to detail Analyze/Research issues and provide solutions to quickly resolve them Enjoy mentoring others on development processes Work closely in an Agile team of product owner, engineers and scrum master in a collaborative environment Actively participate in solution design with system engineers and architects Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 3 years of programming/development experience required. Education, Work Experience & Knowledge BA/BS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent practical experience 6+ years of relevant hands-on software development experience High proficiency with Client side Javascript frameworks ReactJS, Angular and other modern JS UI frameworks, CSS, Bootstrap NodeJS/.NET Framework and ES2015+ experience desirable Hands-on experience working with web service technologies such as REST, JSON, SOAP Experienced in automated unit testing and acceptance testing frameworks (NUnit, Mocha, Jasmine, Jest, Selenium) Working experience with version control (Git, SVN) Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process preferred Ambition to learn and utilize emerging technologies while working in a stimulating environment Experience in client facing technologies and heavy hands on development as an individual contributor Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proven ability to learn and adapt to change quickly and easily Familiarity with DevOps, continuous delivery, configuration management and tools is desired Job Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies Expert JavaScript Skills Angular 2+ ReactJS NodeJS .Net Framework/.Net Core Automated unit testing with JS and .NET Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.