Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an innovative, dynamic company with a rich past and a promising future. Originally Hewlett-Packard Company, HPE has continuously reinvented itself. Today, HPE is one of the world's leading technology companies and provides wired and wireless networking, servers, storage, IT and Cloud services, and software solutions for the next generation of IT infrastructure. Responsibilities and Requirements Translate high-level business strategic objectives and goals into network technology requirements and conceptual designs. Develop and support comprehensive network solutions that meet requirements and integrate into the overall enterprise network and security architecture. Participate in IT network infrastructure project design, reviews and ensure network architecture goals and requirements and met. Work with global customers to design and implement large complex networks Well versed in cloud architectures, software defined networking, data center switching technologies, and securing virtual environments (AWS, Azure, Google desired) Assess vendor development/test strategies for various network domain phase 0 projects. Perform network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common network problems. Background in deploying both bare metal systems and virtual cloud services Proven experience evaluating emerging technologies and incorporating them into existing or new systems Ability to work as an individual contributor, as a technical expert and as a participant in a team environment Support and collaborate on the development, implementation and administration of processes and procedures to ensure the reliability, recoverability, and optimum performance of network infrastructure systems and solutions Develop test plans, implementation plans, and project timelines for various projects. Write functional requirements/specifications documents. Proven ability to accomplish assigned tasks with little supervision Excellent written and verbal communications skills Demonstrated confidence with the ability to present and have customer facing conversations Establishes best practices through collaboration with IT Security and IT Infrastructure Operations Collaborates with IT Security and Client Services toward compliance and auditing Willingness and ability to travel domestically and/or internationally, if needed. Ability to maintain and foster sensitivity and respect for a culturally diverse work environment. Technical Qualifications Advanced knowledge of and experience with networking and network protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, routing, Palo Alto firewalls, Inflobox, DNS, DHCP, F5 LTM, SSH, VPNs), IP routing protocols including RIP, BGP, OSPF, IP Multicast, MPLS. Thorough understanding of modern service providers, TCP/IP data networks using standards and technologies including but not limited to: Ethernet, OSPF, IGMP, STP, RSTP, 802.1q, 802.11n, and 802.11ac. Experience with Policy Based Routing, Quality of Service, netflow, Wireless 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, virtual networks, NAT, ACL controls, Web Security/URL Filtering, IPSec, Intrusion Prevention System (IPS), Malware Prevention IPv4 and IPv6 experience is must. Knowledge, skills and experience with HP and Aruba routing, switching, and wireless hardware, software and protocols including Aruba Mobility Controllers, Aruba Instant Aps, Aruba Airwave, Aruba Central, Aruba Activate, Security, Aruba ClearPass Experience with SDN, SD-WAN products and services, Working knowledge of structured cabling systems and network facilities. Experience in firewall design and in network security including: Device Hardening, IDS/IPS, SIEM, Firewalls, and IPSec, vulnerability assessment and intrusion detection. Strong WAN experience managing global network infrastructure Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Network Engineering, Information Technology or equivalent industry experience. 10 years of progressive experience in network architecture, design, engineering and implementation in global IT networks and network security LI-MF1 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.