Jack Henry and Associate’s ImageCenter Support business unit under the ProfitStars brand has an opening for a Technical Support Representative. If you have a strong background in banking and or credit union operations or have worked in a call center or perhaps have strong technical troubleshooting experience, this position may be a great match for you! This position provides product support to customers over the telephone and/or internet in a Windows OS / MS SQL environment. Using product knowledge, to provide the highest level of service to resolve the customer's issue and restore the customer to fully functioning status, while strengthening the customer-JHA relationship. The team consists of 10 individuals. The level of technical troubleshooting supporting is tier I. This position has up to 5% travel to attend potential training and or a conference. If you are interested in this position, please apply on or before August 15, 2018. This position will be based to work out of the Northville, MI Jack Henry office. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Must have a minimum of 18 months of experience working in or for any of the following categories: bank, credit union, call center or have a minimum of 18 months experience in providing technical troubleshooting support. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Associate’s degree Experience working in SQL databases.. Experience with networking concepts in a MS environment. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Provides level one troubleshooting. Accurately assesses the customer's product issue or problem. Asks the user well thought out or detailed questions and carefully listens to the user's response to fully comprehend the need, product issue, and best avenue for resolving the problem. Researches customer problems/issues to increase personal knowledge and familiarity with the supported product and to provide the highest level of support possible. Keeps current on most recent changes and/or upgrades. Identifies and resolves application and service issues and any other questions that may arise. Answers general application questions. Provides appropriate personnel a precise understanding of user's issues when the problem needs to be escalated to a higher level. Monitors incoming cases and emails and resolves in accordance with Service Level Standards (SLS). Uses available support tools to assist the customer and/or recreate the issue. Participates in training programs to continuously improve product knowledge and service skills. May manage hardware capacity and performance and assess hardware needs. Equal Employment Opportunity _Applicants for U.S. based positions with Jack Henry & Associates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position._ _Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace._ _Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply._ _D_ _G_ _CB_