Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play. SUMMARY At Hulu, data is critical for all our decision-making needs whether it’s related to product design, measuring advertising effectiveness, helping users discover new content or building new businesses in emerging markets. This data is extremely valuable and gives us insights into how we can continue improving our service for our users, advertisers and our content partners. Our data team is seeking a highly talented data engineer with a strong technical background and is passionate about diving deeper into Big Data with cutting edge analytics and data insights. WHAT YOU’LL DO Develop and optimize ETL processes by working closely with multiple data partners and stakeholders across the company to meet the growing business needs. Define technical requirements and data architecture for the underlying data warehouse. Collaborate with subject matter experts across different business units to design, implement and deliver insightful analytic solutions. Develop analytics with a mind towards accuracy, scalability and high performance on large data sets – design and implement insightful reports to support these. WHAT TO BRING 5+ years of data engineering experience Experience with at least one major database system (SQL Server, MySQL or Oracle) Experience with data integration toolsets and writing and maintaining ETL jobs. Experience with SQL/TSQL and ability to create and tune queries. Experience with database administration skills like backup and recovery and index tuning. Programming (Java/C or related) and scripting skills (Python/JS) highly desirable. Attention to detail with excellent analytical, problem solving, and communication skills Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field. LI-SY1