About UiPath What if you could shape the future of work and be part of the team that creates the digital workforce of tomorrow? In the beginning of the 20th century, Henry Ford had a vision of creating assembly lines and facilitating mass production. 100 years later, UiPath has a grand vision of liberating the human workforce from tedious, boring, repetitive tasks, by means of software robots, artificial intelligence and machine learning. If you like to think ahead, like we do, then we must talk. Here's what you would be doing at UiPath: Scope of Activities Receiving and responding to sales leads and converting them to new business. Maximizing coverage within the defined region and penetrating organizations with UiPath products. Initiating telephone and email contact with potential prospects from developed web and lead generation lists. Developing a solid working knowledge of UiPath products and the benefits they provide to potential customers. Providing support to qualified prospects and customers including follow up, product information, quotations and closures. Updating and maintaining the UiPath CRM system, experience with Salesforce.com is desirable. Performing other duties as assigned. Qualifications Exceptional verbal and written communications skills. Fluent in English. Another Asian/European language is an advantage. Ability to communicate effectively over the telephone with high level decision makers. Excellent electronic correspondence skills, with knowledge of basic business research tools. Ability to work independently with limited direction in a fast-paced environment; must be a high energy, motivated self-starter. Ability to adapt to changes in roles and responsibilities. Typically, bachelor degree in Business or Computer Science or equivalent. We offer Employment in a growing dynamic company with startup culture. Modern energetic multicultural environment. Interesting people, an excellent team of professionals. Extensive opportunities for professional growth and career. Flexible work schedule. Healthcare plan and 401k marching by the employer.