Helpdesk Analyst - ( 64552 ) NorthShore University HealthSystem (NorthShore) is a premier integrated healthcare delivery system consistently ranked as a Top 15 Teaching Hospital in the U.S. Headquartered in Evanston, IL, NorthShore is comprised of four hospitals – Evanston, Glenbrook, Highland Park and Skokie. The system includes a 900 physician multispecialty group practice with 130 locations across Chicagoland. NorthShore has annual revenues of $2.1 billion and employs over 10,500 people. Position Overview We are currently seeking a Helpdesk Analyst for our HIT Department located at 4901 Searle Parkway, Skokie, IL. The Helpdesk Analyst provides first level technical support for incidents and requests reported to the HIT service desk. Responsibilities include initial assessment, triage, research, and resolution of first level cases commonly regarding the use of application software products and/or infrastructure components. You will ensure customer satisfaction by providing support via telephone, email or remote assistance for hardware, software, connectivity, and product specific incidents or requests for a face-paced healthcare workforce. A successful candidate will be detail oriented, outgoing, and comfortable working with all levels of Healthcare personnel as well as possess the ability to learn quickly and manage multiple priorities. This is a full-time position and is benefits eligible. Responsibilities In this role, you will: Screen, document, and refer inquiries or work requests as they relate to maintenance of personal computers and related systems Assist in performing troubleshooting in the identification of applicable problems relating to PC's, applications software and basic network communications Direct customer requests or issues to the appropriate group within the Information Systems department Follow ticket handling processes to resolve issues, fulfill requests and escalation Document work orders requiring software installation, security access, and/or new PC hardware Create new SPOK, MobilePass, NorthShore Net, Weblink, Citrix and other setups. Maintain the Intranet with the latest information regarding any issues affecting NorthShore PC users Maintain procedural documentation for the Service Desk Team Shift flexibility is important to help with team coverage Our ideal candidate will have: Bachelor’s Degree preferred Two years’ experience in a computer related field and/or customer service Experience triaging IT Systems and hardware Experience helping customers via telephone Experience with Incident Management tools, such as LANDesk/Ivanti Please explore our website (www.northshore.org) to better understand how NorthShore continually achieves high quality and professionalism. Also, visit our careers page (www.northshore.org/careers) to learn why we’re consistently recognized as a top employer in Chicagoland. NorthShore University HealthSystem is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. Please refer to the main career page for more information. EOE: Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/Religion/National Origin/Disability/Vets, VEVRRA Federal Contractor. LI-DK1 CB Primary Location : USA-IL-Skokie Work Locations : 4901 Searle Parkway-Corporate : SKOK-1000 60077 Job : Information Technology Organization : Corporate Full-time Job Posting : Jul 24, 2018, 7:43:12 AM