Duties Summary About the Position: Defense Contract Management Agency uses the Expedited Hiring Authority to recruit and appoint qualified individuals directly into shortage category or critical need acquisition positions. The pay band NH-03 includes the General Schedule grade equivalent to GS-12/13. Other initiatives under the Acquisition Demonstration Project include simplified classification, streamlined hiring process and expanded developmental opportunities Responsibilities Serves as a member of a multi-functional or technical team responsible for implementing the overall Quality Program for a diversity of products and services in support of U.S. Government acquisition at one or more supplier's facilities. Performs duties associated with the administration of the quality assurance provisions of contracts by designing, implementing, and maintaining a risk based surveillance program and assessment plan. Applies auditing principles, statistical techniques, and continuous improvement methodologies to assess the adequacy of contractor processes to consistently conform to contractual requirements. Identifies opportunities for process improvements through analysis of process measurement data. Ensures contractor compliance with all requirements related to the design, manufacturing, repair, overhaul, and modernization of a variety of items for contractor and customer activities throughout the world. Performs as a functional specialist and is responsible for identifying, understanding, proofing, measuring, and analyzing contractor production process capability; and for promoting continuous improvement. From a QA standpoint, reviews contracts and related documents for adequacy and completeness, and identifies individual contract technical requirements. Develops and implements a surveillance plan which begins with clear objectives supported by a master schedule that includes identification of contractor and sub-contractor production needs. Reaches conclusive interpretations and communicates to the appropriate Government and contract personnel while collecting and analyzing data; making recommendations and implements corrective action if adverse trends should occur. Performs audits/surveillance of contractor?s processes to ensure customer and contractual requirements are met, assuring products offered to DoD and non-DoD customers conform to all contractual quality and technical requirements prior to acceptance. Issues verbal and written Corrective Action Requests (CARs) and Continuous Improvement Opportunities (CIO) to responsible contractor managers/supervisors when deficiencies or improvement opportunities are discovered. Travel Required Occasional travel - Business Travel is required 10% of the time Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 3 Job family (Series) 1910 Quality Assurance Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Appointment may be subject to suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation. Must be able to obtain and maintain a Critical Sensitive Top Secret security clearance. Must comply with Drug Abuse Testing Program requirements. Must file an annual financial statement. May be required to pass a polygraph test Qualifications Who May Apply: All U.S. Citizens and Nationals with allegiance to the United States QUALIFICATIONS: In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Experience required: To qualify based on your work experience, your resume must describe at least one year of experience which prepared you to do the work in this job. To qualify, applicants must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade/level NH-02 . Specialized experience is defined as: Experience in Quality Assurance in a Resident Facility for Fixed- wing aircraft commodity with composite structure manufacturing, components and systems; along with airframe and power plant; Experience in safety of flight (SOF) surveillance activities; production methods, processes, inspection systems and testing techniques to include Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) to determine product conformance to contractual quality and technical requirements; performing statistical and quality data analysis, corrective action request (CAR), and evaluation to determine contractor compliance; and acquisition quality assurance to design, plan, and implement an economical rich management program. Education can not be substituted for experience. You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas: Aircraft Maintenance Contract Administration Leadership Oral Communication Risk Assessment Systems Evaluation Applicants must meet basic eligibility requirements such as minimum qualifications, and other regulatory requirements by the closing date of the announcement. Education Only degrees from an accredited college or university recognized by the Department of Education are acceptable to meet positive education requirements or to substitute education for experience. For additional information, please go to the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) and U.S. Department of Education websites at - http://www.opm.gov/qualifications and http://www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.htm . FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite- visitus-forrecog.html. Additional information Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees. The Department of Defense (DoD) policy on employment of annuitants will be used in determining eligibility of annuitants. The DoD policy is available at: www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/1400.25-V300.pdf In accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, United States Code, annuitants reemployed in the Department of Defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. They shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the Thrift Savings Plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. Discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e. retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8416(b)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code) appointed to the Department of Defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (See DoD instructions 1400.25, Volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives.) This is a Defense Acquisition, Logistics and Technology Workforce position. Selectees must meet position requirements for certification at Level II within 24 months of entrance on duty. Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement. Male applicants born after December 31, 1959 must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration. Two year trial/probationary period may be required. May require overtime work. Relocation/Retention Incentive may be authorized. Defense National Relocation Program will not be authorized. Ability to communicate orally and in writing. All selections under an announcement must be made within 6 months from the issuance date of the certificate referral list. Tour of Duty: Full Time. FLSA: Exempt Bargaining Unit: No U.S. Citizenship is Required Direct Deposit of Pay is Required How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): The Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) provides eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. Well-qualified is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under competitive delegated examining, an ICTAP eligible will be considered well-qualified if they attain an eligibility rating of 90 or higher, not including points for veterans' preference. You must provide proof of eligibility with your application to receive selection priority. Such proof may include a copy of your written notification of ICTAP eligibility or a copy of your separation personnel action form. Information about ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee- guide-to-career-transition/. Your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine your eligibility, qualifications, and quality ranking for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment. You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Top Secret Required Documents Required Documents The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. 1\. Your resume: Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement. If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy. For additional information see: What to include in your resume . You MUST submit documents verifying your eligibility with your application package. These documents may include, but are not limited to: For current employment verification, SF-50, DD3434 or other federal agencies official "Notification of Personnel Action" equivalent (Note: SF-52 or agencies "Request for Personnel Action" is not acceptable); For MSP claims PCS orders and marriage certificate; For verification of Veteran status, DD214 (which indicates character of service), SF-15, VA Letter and/or Activation/Deactivation orders. 2\. Other supporting documents: Cover Letter, optional Future Military Retirees: You are required to submit a copy of your retirement DD Form 214 (Member 4 Copy) OR certification document OR a copy of your retirement letter AND a copy of your terminal leave request (if applicable). You will be required to provide your DD Form 214 (Member 4 Copy) upon issuance. Future Separation from the Military: You are required to submit a copy of your most recent DD Form 214 (Member 4 Copy) OR certification document OR a copy of your most recent active duty orders AND a copy of your terminal leave request (if applicable). You will be required to provide your DD Form 214(Member 4 Copy) upon issuance. Active duty military members who are selected may not be appointed unless on terminal leave or already separated from the armed forces. The "certification" is any written document from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted. The Statement of Service must be signed by, or by direction of, the adjutant, personnel officer, or commander of your unit or higher headquarters, AND the Statement of Service letter must include your rank, dates of active duty service, the Type of Discharge, Character of Service (i.e. honorable), and, if applicable, when your terminal leave will begin. Special Employment Consideration: DCMA encourages persons with disabilities to apply, including those eligible for hiring under 5 CFR 213.3102(u), Schedule A, Appointment of persons with disabilities [i.e., intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities], and/or Disabled veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more. For information on how to apply under this appointment authority via the Selective Placement Coordinator, please visit http://dcmacareers.com/index.cfm/disabilities/ . If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.