Job Requisition Number: 64861 We are looking for an experienced Software Engineer to join our rapidly growing Artificial Intelligence team. News and social media move financial markets. Bloomberg is one of the largest producers of news in the world and ingests over 70,000 external news feeds and social media like Twitter each day. This data keeps our clients informed, and our team's insights help make sense of it for our customers. Who are we? Bloomberg's Artificial Intelligence (AI) group: researchers and engineers who have a passion for solving complex problems. Our charter: to extract relevant, meaningful, tradable, and actionable information (pricings, earnings, recommendations and major events) from data (news, web, social media, and structured data) in real-time. Since our customers rely on this information to make swift financial decisions, we guarantee precision, accuracy and latency beyond most academic and industry standards. Who are you? A strong software engineer who enjoys building and improving complex, large- scale systems. You like writing testable and maintainable code. You are autonomous: you know whether your time is best spent thinking about the architecture or writing a tool that helps you get the job done. You want to join a close-knit group and make a big impact. Help us improve our low-latency, high-volume pipeline, which carries two million news stories and half a billion tweets daily. You will integrate new functionality, such as supporting more document formats and publishing the output of our AI systems to more downstream listeners. You will improve the speed and reliability of the existing pipeline. We'll trust you to: Write, test and maintain production-quality code Work in a fast-paced and agile environment to deliver high-quality features to our clients Improve our SDLC processes You'll need to have: 5+ years of software development experience Bachelor's degree or higher in a Computer Science or related field Experience building large-scale software systems: developing, testing, and maintaining them Experience with multithreading and distributed computing Strong coding skills in one or more of: C/C++, Python, Java Experience with version control tools such as Git and SVN Interest in building and maintaining Machine Learning applications. Experience is a plus! We'd love to see: In-depth knowledge of toolchains (build systems, compilers, linkers, interpreters, debuggers, profilers) Strong Linux/UNIX skills Experience designing and using relational databases Experience building and maintaining large-scale systems Knowledge of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or natural language processing If this sounds like you, apply! You can also check out our blog, TechAtBloomberg.com, to learn more about our publications and projects in data science.