The Desktop Support Analyst will be focused on daily support requests with inclusion of assisting in IT related projects as required by the IT management team. Other team members will be working on balancing the workload and assisting to increase the current project management capacity. Key Tasks of the Position: Perform day to day IT Support needs of the business according to service level targets and objectives as specified by management Investigate user problems, identify their source, determine possible solutions, test and implement solutions. Identify and recommend to management proactive system and application enhancements for business improvements with a cost benefit approach. Perform software and application installation, and upgrades. Troubleshoot computers and applications to identify and correct malfunctions and other operational difficulties. Track, prioritize and document requests using a support desk ticket system. Administer phone systems including hardware, softphone, voicemail and cellular. Develop and conduct various training and instruction for system users on operating systems, and other applications; assist users in maximizing use of networks and computing systems. Work as a team member with other technical staff. Maintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed by the network. Document all aspects of work including network problems and resolutions for future reference. Other duties as assigned. 20% travel requirements. Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent. Two to four years degree preferred. Additional training or certifications desired. Recent experience in an information technology support role. ITIL Foundation v3 certification desired. Ability to install, configure and maintain business computers, networks, and related hardware and software. Strong knowledge of computer and/or network security systems, applications, procedures, and techniques. Ability to identify and resolve computer system malfunctions and operational problems. Skill in organizing resources and establishing priorities. Work with clients requires interpersonal skills. Must have a “Can do” Attitude. Must be a good listener. Takes constructive criticism. Works well in a team environment. Must be a self starter. Analytical problem solver.