Summary This role primarily focuses on providing IT support to the business in addition to managing local facility requests along with general building security and maintenance. Essential Duties + Responsibilities Analyze, evaluate, and troubleshoot issues with desktops, laptops, smartphone’s and Mac. New computer setup and re-imaging using the approved ULG OS build. New employee setup including workstation, workspace, physical access provisioning. Maintain computers / virtual images in the Test Lab, provide assistance to the engineering team. Support all core business applications, adhering to the IT SLA resolution timeframes. Administer the phone system including move, add, and change user extensions. Work with key vendors to source and purchase IT equipment. Maintain the Ticketing Systems support suite. Update the IT knowledge base to ensure the articles are current and up to date. Support remote users, troubleshoot VPN, broadband and IP phone issues. Provide desktop level support to the global groups and users. Work within the ISMS framework to protect client data and uphold established security policies and procedures. Facility maintenance: work with external contractors to ensure the building is maintained to a high standard. Education, Experience + Skills 3rd level degree and MS certifications Minimum experience required 1 year or equivalent combination of education and experience. Ability to multi-task in a time sensitive and deadline driven work environment. Detail orientated with excellent communication skills. Adaptable and flexible to changing work environment. Ability to work within a team environment. Equal Employment Opportunity United Language Group is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. United Language Group prohibits unlawful discrimination and harassment and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and any other protected class status under applicable federal and applicable state law.