Houston Community College (HCC) is an open-admission, public institution of higher education offering a high-quality, affordable education for academic advancement, workforce training, career development and lifelong learning to prepare individuals in our diverse communities for life and work in a global and technological society. We’re proud to say that 98 percent of our graduates step into a job in their field of study immediately upon graduation. One of the largest community colleges in the nation, HCC has served the Greater Houston area for over four decades. Accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and the Schools Commission on Colleges, we offer 300+ associate degree and certificate programs to 75,000+ students across 13 Centers of Excellence and online each semester. We are proud to be No.1 among all community colleges in the nation in providing associate degrees to minorities and No.1 in educating international students, with 10.4 percent of our student population from outside the USA. Our vision is to become the Employer of Choice in support of our mission for Student Success by attracting, retaining and motivating the best employees. The Team Play a central role at HCC as you keep our everyday operations running like clockwork. You’ll get the chance to make things happen and work closely with inspiring leaders across different parts of the institution. Whether your role is supportive, administrative, financial or something else, you’ll be part of a dynamic team that not only provides HCC students with cutting-edge academic and career tools, it also takes care of its people. We are currently seeking a Manager, POL Telecommunications, who will advance the institution’s proud tradition of excellence in academics, student life and community service. The Opportunity You: You’re a proactive manager who’s always on the lookout for innovative ways to improve operations. Your mission: We’ll count on you to direct and supervise the operations of our 24/7 POL Telecommunications Center; coordinate activities with other divisions, departments and outside agencies; and provide administrative support to Center leadership. A typical day: You may kick off the day with a brief staff meeting, where you discuss a professional development and training program you’ve organized as part of the Center’s strategic plan. Once you’re finished, you head to a meeting in Administration, where you talk about department communications during inter-agency operations (e.g., special events, emergencies, etc.) You’ll spend some time in the afternoon putting the finishing touches on a report to leadership outlining ways in which you feel the Center’s services could be improved, and your proposals for accomplishing those improvements. Next steps: If you always have the student experience in the forefront of your planning and execution, if you’re a collaborator, an innovator and a person who gets things done, apply today! Location Houston is a city with limitless possibilities: Fourth-largest city in the U.S. and home to 54 Fortune 500 companies, second only to New York City’s 55. 145 languages are spoken here. Overall after-taxes living costs are 5.6 percent below the average for all 308 urban areas recently surveyed. Houston is a major-league sports town, and don’t forget the annual Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo. The weather is great! Mild winters ensure that outdoor activities can be enjoyed year-round. World-renowned medical care. The Houston metro area has long been known for its first-rate health care system, with many Houston area hospitals consistently ranking among the nation’s top institutions. With over 150 museums and cultural institutions in the Greater Houston area, museums are a large part of Houston’s cultural scene. Houston is the Culture & Culinary Capital of Texas with more than 7,500 restaurants and eating establishments covering 60+ cuisines. If this sounds like the role for you and you’re ready to join an amazing team, please apply right away. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the essential duties and responsibilities listed above. The qualifications listed below are representative of the education, experience, knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required. EDUCATION Associate’s degree in criminal justice, management, or related field is required. Intermediate POL Telecommunication Officer Certification, Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Standards and Education required. Field Training Officer and Instructor Certification preferred. EXPERIENCE Minimum of least five (5) years related experience including supervision and management experience is required. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Employees in this position will be scheduled to work rotating shifts in a 24/7 environment. Employees will be expected to work holidays, nights and/or weekends to meet staffing and scheduling requirements. Demonstrated ability to use computer and related software programs to support clerical and technical functions of the position Must be able to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions Must have the ability to function in stressful circumstances Must have the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Must have the ability to provide quality customer service Must be able to communicate effectively with individuals form diverse backgrounds Compensation The Salary range for this position starts at $54,027 EEO Statement Houston Community College does not discriminate on the bases of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity and expression, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or veteran’s status. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: David Cross, Director EEO/Compliance, Title IX Coordinator