As a not-for-profit organization, Partners HealthCare is committed to supporting patient care, research, teaching, and service to the community by leading innovation across our system. Founded by Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, Partners HealthCare supports a complete continuum of care including community and specialty hospitals, a managed care organization, a physician network, community health centers, home care and other health-related entities. Several of our hospitals are teaching affiliates of Harvard Medical School, and our system is a national leader in biomedical research. We’re focused on a people-first culture for our system’s patients and our professional family. That’s why we provide our employees with more ways to achieve their potential. Partners HealthCare is committed to aligning our employees’ personal aspirations with projects that match their capabilities and creating a culture that empowers our managers to become trusted mentors. We support each member of our team to own their personal development—and we recognize success at every step. Our employees use the Partners HealthCare values to govern decisions, actions and behaviors. These values guide how we get our work done: Patients, Affordability, Accountability & Service Commitment, Decisiveness, Innovation & Thoughtful Risk; and how we treat each other: Diversity & Inclusion, Integrity & Respect, Learning, Continuous Improvement & Personal Growth, Teamwork & Collaboration. Overview Under the guidance of the Sr. Program Manager, the Ambulatory Quality Data Program Manager will be responsible for Partners-wide Ambulatory quality performance measurement activities include: monitoring quality performance and reporting associated with both Partners’ internal performance incentive program and external risk arrangements, present analytical findings to quality teams, understand tools used by local team to track performance and lead quality improvement efforts. The Program Manager provides leadership and staff support to effectively implement Partners’ Ambulatory Quality program. Principal Duties and Responsibilities Monitor performance on the Partners’ internal performance incentive program to identify trends, changes, improvements and report findings to central and local quality teams Present analytical findings in a variety of formats (reports, PowerPoint, graphs, figures, tables) formulating recommendations, and effectively presenting results to non-analytic audiences. Oversee day to day activities for internal performance incentive program for ambulatory quality (i.e. measure documentation, target setting, reporting and monitoring performance, identify opportunities for improvement) Prepare and communicate performance results to RSO Quality Leads and PHM Leadership Responsible for the QA and monitoring of ambulatory quality performance tools and reports (i.e. registries and analytic subject area mart) Ensure accurate and up to date documentation of all ambulatory quality measurement Participate or lead quality improvement efforts for the network Participate in day to day activities for ambulatory quality reporting in Partners’ external risk arrangements Assist with implementing strategies related for new risk contracts and improving performance for existing external quality contracts Develop and manage all aspects of projects including scope, requirements, project plans, communication, and issue resolution Present updates, findings, and recommendations to internal and external stakeholders/leaders as needed for assigned projects. Establish contacts and strong working relationships with clinical and administrative leaders across Partners entities. Maintain a working knowledge of current evidence-based guidelines, national trends and best practices in quality measurement. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Qualifications • BS/BA Required At least 5 years’ experience working in a healthcare setting required Masters degree preferred Experience with HEDIS and quality measurement a plus Skills Required Strong quantitative, analytical and technical skills relating to data management, analysis and presentation (experience analyzing and manipulating data sets and creating effective presentations). Excellent communication and presentation skills Solid understanding of the health care environment Strong project management skills Experience in quality improvement activities preferred. Strong PC / Microsoft application skills including Word, Advanced Excel, and PowerPoint. Ability to effectively plan and facilitate meetings and workgroups. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail, ability to work independently, manage multiple tasks and projects, meet deadlines, and manage to schedule. High degree of initiative along with ability to act as a team player. Ability to develop effective relationships with a broad array of people (different levels of management and clinical experts). Working Conditions Position in Somerville, with occasional local travel Mobile work available after probationary period Supervisory 1 FTE EEO Statement Partners HealthCare is an Equal Opportunity Employer & by embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law. Primary Location : MA-Somerville-Assembly Row - PHS Work Locations : Assembly Row - PHS 399 Revolution Drive Somerville 02145 Job : Other Organization : Partners HealthCare(PHS) Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours : 40 Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular Recruiting Department : PHS Quality, Safety & Value Job Posting : Jul 30, 2018