Position Details First Review of Applications - July 23rd, 2018 This is a cabinet-level, department- head position reporting to the Mayor. This position is part of the Mayor's management team responsible for planning, establishing, and administering the overall policies and goals for the IT department while working with other department directors to reach the City's goals through the assistance of technology. Areas of responsibility include, but are not limited to, the full range of information systems and telecommunications, determining user requirements, recommending practical solutions, and leading the City efforts to improve the effective use of technology. Since this position works with a Washington state law enforcement agency, applicants must successfully pass a comprehensive pre-employment background check process, including a polygraph exam. Primary Duties Manages the department's functions including, but not limited to, setting the overall direction and objectives of the department, staffing levels, budget, policies, procedures, software, hardware, telecommunication, vendor relationships, agreements, and overall technology. Researches, analyzes, prepares data, makes recommendations, presents the needs of different departments, and determines ways to meet business objectives by modifying existing or developing new information processing systems. Oversees and leads all divisions of IT including desktop services, network, and GIS; including the technical staff within each division. Works with the Mayor to respond to citizen inquiries and complaints; uses tact and resourcefulness in providing information and seeking and implementing solutions to issues presented; advises the Mayor of unresolved issues; composes correspondence dealing with sensitive issues. Builds, maintains, and enforces IT governance. Develops long-range needs and strategic plans to ensure effective and efficient use of technology throughout the City. Maintains practical knowledge of IT systems and infrastructures including, but not limited to, networks, database administration, helpdesk, software development, and telecommunications. Communicates in laymen's terms the use of computer-related technologies, but must also be able to communicate between the technical divisions of IT; communicates well verbally and in written format. Supervises, leads, directs, and evaluates the performance of assigned staff; assigns and prioritizes duties; counsels and issues discipline; issues formal recognition for personnel as appropriate; evaluates and implements training needs; evaluates staffing requirements; and hires employees as approved through the budgetary process. Manages multiple concurrent projects while effectively communicating statuses in a timely manner. Analyzes City business processes and makes recommendations on how to more effectively use technology to improve efficiency and customer service. Maintains a regional technology presence that allows for successful partnerships with area cities, agencies, and vendors. Evaluates new and emerging developments in technology, recommends which updates would improve the operation of City's technology functions, and negotiates with vendors and consultants to reach the best solutions for the City. Balances a personable attitude with a professional approach as the face of the IT department. Manages the needs of the department proactively and with forward thinking to minimize network downtime and stay current with technology. Utilizes staff and technology in innovative ways to provide the City with improved alignment between technology initiatives and business goals. Provides expertise in system upgrades, software and hardware installations, software migrations, and overall system maintenance. Performs assessments of system integration and in-house development versus software acquisition. Maintains a system of internal control to ensure the security of confidential data and that backup files and documentation are protected and available; responsible for the security of City-owned software. Develops, negotiates, manages, and administers all technology agreements for technology purchases, maintenance, and consulting. Monitors vendor performance according to agreements and evaluates those against City benchmarks and return on investments. Serves as a technical advisor, including assisting other departments with needs and discussing recommendations to relevant staff. Assists in the development and maintenance of the emergency operations plan and disaster recovery. Regular, reliable, and punctual attendance. Completes work in a thorough and timely manner with a high level of status communication with relevant staff. Understands and follows directions from the Mayor, posted work rules, and procedures. Works courteously and effectively with public officials, citizens, contractors, vendors, developers, and other employees, both in person and over the telephone. Works effectively under pressure with frequent interruptions and meets strict deadlines. Due to internal and external customer needs, the incumbent must be able to work a full-time schedule onsite (appropriate City worksites); may be required to work evenings and weekends; attends Council and/or Committee meetings, as directed; follows up with the Mayor, as necessary. Responds to public inquiries regarding department responsibilities. Shows initiative in performing job functions, with a wide degree of creativity. Performs related work as assigned. = Primary function. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, computer science, or related field, AND seven (7) years of progressively responsible work experience in IT; OR a combination of education, training, and/or experience that indicates successful performance of the essential responsibilities of the position listed above. Technical credentials including, but not limited to, PMP, CompTIA, or ITIL certifications are highly desirable. Experience in a municipal government is highly desirable. LICENSES: Possesses and maintains valid state driver's license throughout tenure of employment, without impending loss required. Since this position works with a Washington state law enforcement agency, applicants must successfully pass a comprehensive pre-employment background check process, including a polygraph exam. Additional Information WORK CONDITIONS : The employee works predominantly indoors in a clean, climate-controlled workspace. The employee is required to sit, talk, and hear; frequently required to use hands to finger, feel, or handle writing utensils, computers, and office supplies which require repetitive arm, wrist, and hand movement; occasionally required to stand and reach with arms and hands, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, bend, or crawl. Specific vision abilities include close, distant, color, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. The employee is occasionally required to lift or move up to 25 pounds. The position requires mental acuity to ensure thorough mental analysis of situations in a fast-paced environment. The employee is required to maintain confidentiality of information within the department. The employee may be required to deal with irate, disgruntled, and sometimes hostile individuals requiring the use of conflict management skills, tact, patience, and courtesy at all times. REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS Under general direction of the Mayor, the employee exercises considerable independence, or in coordination with other City directors, to implement and maintain the City's computer network, hardware, software, and other telecommunications systems. The employee has full responsibility for assuring that activities are performed in accordance with professional standards and ethics, and within the scope of federal, state, and City laws. Questions of a legal or policy nature are referred to the Mayor and/or City Council for decision. Policy changes and alternatives are recommended based on the employee's judgment and knowledge. The employee supervises management, professional, and administrative employees. Work and performance is periodically reviewed through reports, discussions, and formal performance reviews.