The Data Management Analyst is an exciting opportunity within Epiq’s Electronic Discovery division. Data Management Support Analysts provide support for our Information Lifecycle Management process which includes working on industry leading tools which are developed within Epiq and from industry leaders. This is a highly visible role within the organization and requires a high attention to detail as duties include producing client export requests from our systems and permanently removing client data, some of which may not be recoverable. Additional duties may include researching data stores for data that can be deleted, communicating with Client Services regarding case disposition, and handling physical media requests. Essential Job Responsibilities Perform data exports for clients with strong attention to detail while following detailed procedures Execute deletion requests per client specifications Research potential areas for data deletion and work with internal teams to determine future action Record steps taken and pertinent information to create an audit trail for future review Partner with internal associates (e.g., application engineers, database administrators, software engineers and quality assurance analysts) to assist in case closure and data disposition Document issues and work with other functional groups to develop updated processes Qualifications Two or more years of experience working within a technology oriented position in a fast paced, dynamic environment is strongly preferred but not required Strong attention to detail and the ability to demonstrate technical problem solving skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or closely related field is strongly preferred or equivalent experience Proactive, responsible, and willing to go above and beyond to achieve client satisfaction Strong client focus: troubleshooting and follow-up skills; commitment to continuous improvement Excellent oral and written communication Experience in litigation support and/or document management systems is a plus If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us! Epiq and its affiliated companies are Equal Opportunity Employers (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, marital or veteran status or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law. In addition Epiq will take affirmative action for minorities, women, covered veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. Epiq is pleased to provide such assistance and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. Pursuant to relevant law, where applicable, Epiq will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.