ABOUT THE ORGANIZATION Rosehill Resources is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on growing production and reserves in the core of the Delaware Basin, through drilling and bolt-on acquisitions. Rosehill has more than 11,000 net acres with over 470 drilling locations across multiple stacked horizons. Rosehill is a pure play Delaware Basin operator and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. EOE STATEMENT : We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. LOCATION : Rosehill Houston FULL-TIME/PART-TIME : Full-Time Job Summary The Infrastructure Project Manager will be responsible for Administrating organization's databases, using various database management systems to organize and store data. Ascertains user requirements, creates computer databases, and tests and coordinates changes. Interacts with development and end-user personnel to determine application data access requirements, transaction rates, volume analysis, and other pertinent data required to develop and maintain integrated databases. Ensures performance of database. Designs, develops, and implements business intelligence solutions for the organization or client, helping to build the infrastructure and tools required to support and improve data reporting and analysis goals. Determines business data reporting and analysis requirements, working with clients and business units to answer key business questions. Collaborates effectively with and supports internal end-users to solve problems, implement new solutions, and deliver successfully against high operational standards of system availability and reliability. Major Responsibilities Coordinates physical changes to computer databases; and codes, tests, and implements physical database, applying knowledge of database management system. Designs logical and physical databases or reviews description of changes to database design to understand how changes to be made affect physical database; i.e., how data is stored in terms of physical characteristics, such as location, amount of space, and access method. Serves as primary liaison between client stakeholders, user groups, and the project team developing the solution. Establishes physical database parameters. Codes database descriptions and specifies identifiers of database to database management system or directs others in coding database descriptions. Calculates optimum values for database parameters, such as amount of computer memory to be used by database, following manuals. Specifies user access level for each segment of one or more data items, such as insert, replace, retrieve, or delete data. Specifies which users can access databases and what data can be accessed by user. Tests and corrects errors and refines changes to database Selects and enters codes of utility program to monitor database performance, such as distribution of records and amount of available memory. Directs programmers and analysts to make changes to database management system. Confers with co-workers to determine impact of database changes on other systems and staff cost for making changes to database. Modifies database programs to increase processing performance, referred to as performance tuning. Builds data marts and/or warehousing systems for business intelligence, reporting, and analytics. Assists in business report generation to internal and external customers for business decision making. Assists in data administration, modeling, and integration activities in data systems. Assists in design and generation of reports in a timely and accurate manner. Analyzes key metrics, data findings, error reporting, and performance management control; tests solutions and resolves issues; designs conceptual, logical, and physical data models; builds and maintains multiple databases; and provides analytical support. Researches and identifies process breakdowns within departments, providing data through use of various skill sets to find solutions to breakdowns. Develops ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) processes, possibly using SQL stored procedures and/or SSIS packages. Manipulates and mines data from database tables, such as SQL server. Writes scripts that identify gaps in processes, giving the team the ability to solve issues with the identified root cause analysis. Trains and guides the junior engineers in data reporting and analytical skills. Recommends enhancements and modifications to optimize business intelligence processes. Addresses business intelligence queries and issues in a timely fashion. Creates and executes project plans within allotted budget and timelines. Maintains documentations for all business intelligence processes. Education & Experience A Bachelor’s degree in a computer science related discipline or Bachelor’s degree in other discipline coupled with 15+ years of experience in Information Technology field. 15+ years of experience in Information Technology with focus on database administration and/or business intelligence. Advanced knowledge of relational database management systems. Experience with Microsoft SQL server and related toolsets. Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities Understanding of disaster recovery and database backup procedures Advanced knowledge in the creation and staging of data marts and warehouses. Experience with advanced reporting business intelligence tools such as Spotfire or Power BI. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and assistance. Ability to work with end-users on problem solving issues and new requirements for reporting.