General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. Technology at General Mills accelerates process transformation and business growth around the globe. To achieve business success, the Global Business Solutions team uses leading edge technology, innovative thinking and agile processes. One of our General Mills’ key technology priorities is driving business action through connected data. The General Mills Enterprise Data & Development Services organization is currently in the process of building a big data platform based on Cloudera Hadoop as part of a multi-year strategic Data Lake program, to advance the data-driven decision-making capabilities of our enterprise. If you are an agile learner, have strong problem-solving skills and can function as part of a highly technical, cross functional team, we would like to hear from you. General Mills is seeking a Data Architect with Hadoop experience to act as a key technical leader in our Enterprise Data & Development Services organization. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: Act as a key data & analytics technical leader within General Mills Collaboratively develop the technology & capability roadmap for the General Mills big data ecosystem Lead the design and implementation of sustainable tools & processes to support the big data ecosystem Generate and implement your own ideas on how to improve the operational and strategic health of big data ecosystem Participate in the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools & process in the big data space Develop communication & education plans for technical teams on technologies and processes in our big data ecosystem Partner with business analysts and solutions architects to develop technical architectures for strategic enterprise projects and initiatives Collaboratively troubleshoot technical and performance issues in the big data ecosystem MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s Degree required; Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering preferred Minimum 5 years of IT experience, 7+ preferred 1 year of hands-on experience with the technologies in the Hadoop ecosystem Experience working directly with business clients to design a solution that meets business requirements; ability to clearly articulate pros and cons of various technologies and platforms and architectural options, as well as being able to document use cases, solutions and recommendations. Experience with tools and concepts related to data and analytics, such as dimensional modeling, ETL, reporting tools, data governance, data warehousing, structured and unstructured data. Database development experience using Oracle, SQL Server, SAP BW or SAP HANA Big Data Development experience using Hive and/or Spark Effective verbal and written communication and influencing skills. Effective analytical and technical skills. Ability to work in a team environment Ability to research, plan, organize, lead, and implement new processes or technology PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Python, Scala or Java development experience Familiarity with Kafka Familiarity with the Linux operating system Experience with agile techniques or method