Duties Summary There is only one position available, located in either Boston, MA or New York, NY. DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is located in the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Office of Field Operations, Boston/New York Regional Office, Division of Price Programs, Branch of Industrial Prices, in either Boston, MA or New York, NY. The mission of the Office of Field Operations is to provide collection expertise and feedback to the development of Bureau survey programs, to effectively and efficiently execute survey activities both directly and through grantees, and to conduct an active program of information and outreach for Bureau products. This position has promotion potential to GS-12. Promotion Potential: There is no obligation to provide future promotions to you if you are selected. Future promotions are dependent on your ability to perform the duties at a higher level, the continuing need for an employee assigned to the higher level, and supervisory approval. This position is inside the bargaining unit. Relocation expenses are not authorized. Responsibilities Makes arrangements preparatory to obtaining data from enterprises for which the collection of data is expected to be straight forward and uncomplicated and requires the application of conventional methods. Performs routine analysis of collected information in order to discover and rectify common discrepancies. Makes follow-up contact to respondents providing data to ensure accurate and timely survey results. Travel Required 75% or less - Frequent travel required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Who May Apply This job is open to… U.S. Citizens; Interagency Career Transition Assistance Prog and Career Transition Assistance Prog eligibles in the local commuting area. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.