At Workiva we create best-in-class, next-generation collaborative solutions for enterprise productivity. We pride ourselves on bringing the consumer level user experience to business users. We love our customers, and they love us back. We hire smart, talented people with a wide range of skills who are hungry to tackle some of today’s most challenging problems. Workiva started with an idea: to make complex collaboration easy. Wdesk is an all in one platform that simplifies complex collaboration while keeping data in sync, thus reducing risk. Wdesk is being used by thousands of companies globally, including over 70% of the 500 largest U.S. corporations by total revenue, use Wdesk. We work on problems that allow our users to spend more time with their families. Workiva is looking for a Technical Solutions Architect to join its Services Platform team. This team is small, agile, highly-collaborative, and data- driven - focused on unlocking efficiency within the Global Client Services organization through the application of advanced technology. We have a wide set of skills including process optimization, data analysis, and engineering, across a diverse mix of domains. We interface with customers, partners, and internal teams to identify complex productivity challenges and implement solutions within and around the Wdesk Platform. This position offers a unique opportunity to fill a product management role that has visibility into all facets of the organization including R&D;, Sales, Accounting & Finance, Consulting, and Customer Success. What You’ll Be Doing: Working with internal and external product stakeholders to develop and execute on the Wdata Platform systems integration strategy in collaboration with the software engineering team and outside consultants Acting as a consultant and subject matter expert for Product Management, Software Engineering, Presales Engineer, Partnership Sales, and Client Services stakeholders to ensure their success in the field Collaborating with stakeholders and engineering to empathize, define, ideate, and prototype solutions to solve complex productivity challenges Working with Senior Leadership to align your product vision and strategy to company objectives Obtaining and maintaining an in-depth understanding of Workiva’s product technology and underlying software architectures, to build innovative data integration solutions Working closely with Software Engineering teams on understanding ways to improve the product and drive excellence Ensuring proper research, planning, tracking, and on-plan delivery Facilitating Customer Development Partner activities across internal and external teams Facilitating implementation of cutting-edge services and techniques Setting and driving team and organization OKRs to achieve success Supporting product engineering using an agile development process What We’re Looking For: A team player to be a part of an inspiring team environment with an open communication culture Strong ability to build a product vision and communicate that vision to your team, peers, and stakeholders Communication skills to clearly articulate and evangelize decisions Self-motivation and a strong desire to make an impact at Workiva Critical feedback skills (giving/receiving) that help level up design work Ability to travel up to 20% to meet with customers and/or key stakeholders, product teams in other Workiva locations Technical prowess – you don’t have to be a master coder, but you shouldn’t be afraid of diving into technical issues and understanding the complexities Drive for continuous self-improvement and learning Education and Experience: B.S. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 8+ years in professional services, engineering, or systems engineering Experience with large-scale enterprise infrastructure utilizing SAP, IBM, Oracle, or a related platform Experience implementing ETL processes utilizing iPaaS technologies such as Informatica, Dell Boomi, SnapLogic, or Mulesoft. Understanding of SaaS and/or Cloud-based solutions and ecosystems Development experience in Java, C++, or a related language Knowledge of REST, SOAP, WSDL, and ODATA based web services Where You’ll Work: We're a fun, smart group that likes to celebrate our successes! We have been honored with numerous awards such as ‘2017 Most Innovative Company of the Year’ and ‘One of the Best Places to Work in IT’. Check out our Muse Page: https://www.themuse.com/profiles/workiva Check out our Tech Blog: https://techblog.workiva.com/