Cloud Services Engineer (DevOps) REQ18000081 Entrust Datacard Limited is currently looking for a Cloud Services Engineer (DevOps) to join our Cloud Services team. This position will be based in our Dallas office and will report to the Director, SSL Operations. The Cloud Service team is responsible for building and maintaining the monitoring platform onto which all future Entrust Datacard service environments will be used. This monitoring platform will include public and private cloud implementation, extensive automation, and DevOps practices. The Cloud Services Engineer will take an active role in the design and implementation of monitoring tools, configuration and deployment of assets into both public and private clouds. This is a key initiative for Entrust Datacard and we are looking for talented, experienced individuals to help us achieve our goals. Responsibilities: DevOps (75%) Design and deploy, in an Agile (Scrum) environment, solutions that will provide infrastructure and application service monitoring, alerting and reporting for existing and next generation service platforms. Gather and analyze use case scenarios and requirements related to proactive and reactive monitoring and event correlation. Lead day-to-day support activities for operational requests and incident management. Identify and close gaps or fix defects in existing monitoring. Establish standards and repeatable processes for managing change across environments, taking advantage of innovative cloud technologies, DevOps tools and practices. Apply knowledge of various programming/scripting languages, support best practices and configuration management to support and maintain monitoring solutions. Build operational documentation for all monitoring solutions. Participate in on-call rotation providing 24/7 incident response. Process (25%) Collaborate across all verticals within the organization using agile methodologies and processes. Use creative and innovative approaches to solve problems. Basic Qualifications: The ideal candidate has a broad technical understanding of cloud infrastructure technologies in general, including enterprise security, storage, networking, virtualization, data center, integration architecture, orchestration technologies, OSS/BSS management, service delivery and application development lifecycle management. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent technical degree and/or work experience. 5+ years of experience in IT infrastructure, networking, architecture, administration or security Solid understanding of IT systems development process, including architecture, design and engineering, and operations. System administration experience. Public/Private Cloud and/or Virtualized Infrastructure experience – AWS/Azure/VMware. Solid experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Ruby, Python, BASH. Must have a good understanding of software development and deployment processes, especially within a DevOps practice. Must be able to lawfully work within the US and have unrestricted work authorization for US Preferred Qualifications and Experience: Familiarity with diverse monitoring framework and tools integration Experience with enterprise monitoring architecture and implementation of Splunk deployments into production environments on a large enterprise level Proficiency with Regular Expressions and Splunk Dashboards and reporting design, customization and optimization experience Ability to perform basic and advanced scripting tasks with Splunk to automate repeatable processes Supporting agile SDLC functions in a service provider environment Deep understanding of cloud computing and service based architectures. Ability to communicate technology strategy and approach to developers, operations, and management. Technology leadership skills to include coaching/mentoring/teaching, critical thinking/judgement, facilitation and leading change. About Entrust Datacard Our growing company relies on curious, dedicated and innovative colleagues to anticipate the future and provide solutions for a more connected, mobile and secure world. Entrust Datacard technologies and expertise help government agencies, enterprises and financial institutions in more than 150 countries serve and safeguard citizens, employees and consumers. Each year, our solutions secure billions of transactions — and every day, our technologies issue and manage more than 10 million secure identities. How do we do all of this? _Together._ Join us. Together we’ll create solutions for a more connected, mobile and secure life. For more information, visit www.entrustdatacard.com. Follow us on Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn. Entrust Datacard Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. NO AGENCIES, NO RELOCATION