Full Stack Developer Qualification: Bachelor's in engineering or equivalent Responsibility: Project Planning & Setup: Understand resource plan. Plan for knowledge enrichment, change management and quality management. Conduct estimation of time utilization of different resources and activities. Identify appropriate processes based on project landscape. Identify gaps and advise on improvements if required. Share inputs in creation of project plan with Project Manager. Review hardware/software requirement plan. Validate system build. Understand the test strategy, evaluate the design and identify gaps in the test plans, if any. Define KT plan. Customize project management system. Define standards and set Cognizant 20. Provide all support required during presales activities. Requirement Gathering and Analysis: Understand the requirements from clients/ functional consultants. Participate in client calls and seek clarifications. Create a requirements traceability matrix. Provide inputs during creation of operational concepts and scenarios. Perform requirements feasibility with regards to testing and implementation. Analyze NFRs. Design: Understand various functional and non functional requirements. Break down the requirements into smaller modules. Provide inputs for categorizing critical and noncritical requirements. Provide inputs in designing end to end solution from a technical perspective. Review and approve system architecture design. Coding: Analyze allocated task and understand BRD, low level and high level design. Allocate modules to developers for coding. Provide guidance to developers and set standards. Review pseudo codes written by developers and provide a go ahead for code development. Prepare for incremental code creation and unit testing. Oversee development process and update Project Manager on development progress. Review final codes written by developers on adherence to standards/functionality and approve for testing. Prepare weekly/monthly reports on the project and share with client/Project Manager. Ensure all system builds are prepared on time. Testing: Review test cases written by team Provide support for development of integration test cases as required. Include positive and negative test cases to check functionality. Check if peer review is completed at each step of test execution. Review, analyze and validate results. Follow up with team assigned for rework on code defects and close the same. Attend QA audits as and when required. Monitor system builds. Project Closure Activities: Create strategy for roll back. Conduct dry run on pilots. Monitor the processes are being followed. Document changes in the system. Resolve issues that arise during project deployment/ closure. Check that all action items mentioned in the deployment checklist have been completed. Post final acceptance, conduct all closure schedules. Provide support in creation of a final project report. Conduct handover to AVM team. Monitor all system/security administration activities and ensure all audit requirements are met. Service Support & Maintenance: Review incident/problem/change management plan created by team. Track issue/problem resolution. Conduct RCA. Define communication and issue resolution matrix. Drive and implement best practices for resolution of issues. Liaise with business users/SMEs to resolve issues if required. Review patch fixes created to prevent recurrence of complex problems. Track adherence to SLAs. Guide team members in the course of incident/ problem management. Conduct change impact assessment. Collate change records. Share change records with relevant stakeholders. Knowledge Management: Create and update knowledge articles in the knowledge management repository. Provide guidance to team members to maintain all documentation related to project. Conduct KT sessions. Create knowledge articles on the problem, workaround solutions. Monitor and report the usage of knowledge articles. Maintain knowledge management database. People Management: Provide assistance in selection of representative employee groups for training. Conduct training. Mentor team members in project teams with respect to product and domain skills on projects. Conduct technical, face to face interviews with candidates and support recruitment process. Set goals for team members and monitor performance. Coordinate with the project/program manager in understanding how the employee can better contribute to the project, seek feedback and address concerns. Conduct performance appraisal for team members. Organize team initiatives on a periodic basis. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 JAX-WS PL3 Desired 2 Apache CXF PL2 Desired 3 Apache Axis PL2 Desired 4 soapUI PL3 Required 5 ANSI SQL PL3 Desired 6 XML PL3 Desired 7 JDBC PL3 Desired 8 Core Java PL3 Required 9 Junit PL3 Desired 10 WSDL PL3 Desired 11 Oracle Weblogic PL2 Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 03 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.