Job ID : 154727 Location Name: CA-FSC SF Off (0174) Address: 525 Market St, 32nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States (US) Job Type: Full Time Position Type (Regular/Temporary): Regular Job Function: Information Technology Technology Our technology team works fast and smart. With San Francisco as our home, we take bringing new tech to market seriously, developing the latest in mobile technologies, scalable architecture, and the coolest in-store client experience. We love what we do and we have fun doing it. The Technology group is comprised of motivated self-starters and true team players that are absolutely integral to the growth of Sephora and our future success. Your role at Sephora: As a Network Engineer, you will focus on the core functions of network application and security support, maintenance, administration and reporting. Reporting to the Director, Network Engineering & Security, your role will be roughly 80% projects and 20% operations and you will manage projects end-to- end from planning, design, hardware procurement, implementation, and support. In addition, you will: Work with other departments to help them deploy new applications Act as the Technical lead for 5+ Network Engineers and off-shore NOC Identify, evaluate and implement technical security controls to continuously improve the organization’s security posture Evaluate, recommend and integrate new security technology and tools by conducting feasibility studies and proof of concept Ensure that acquired or developed systems and architectures are consistent with the organization's security architecture guidelines Take escalation tickets from the Tier 2 Support Team for incidents and requests Support PCI-DSS compliance audits Troubleshoot and administer security services, including External/Internal DNS, SSL certificates Manage next generation firewalls (PAN, Fortinet) Troubleshoot and administer ACL request issues with managed providers. Troubleshoot and administer Juniper SSL VPN, L2L IPsec VPN, and 2FA. Troubleshoot authentication and wireless related issues (Aruba & Clearpass) Architect / design solutions for hybrid cloud services Review and approve system and network designs to ensure compliance with corporate security policies and security best practices Provide day-to-day support of the LAN, WAN and WLAN network Perform scheduled and emergency network maintenance Manage and maintain network and security documentation through collaborative applications Proactively identify, isolate and resolve network problems to avoid minimal impact to the business Perform internal audits and reviews to ensure compliance with all security policies Participate in on-call rotation Demonstrate our Sephora values of Passion for Client Service, Innovation, Expertise, Balance, Respect for All, Teamwork, and Initiative. We’re excited about you if you have: 5+ years of experience with networking and security technologies 8+ years of overall Information Technology experience Strong wireless infrastructure experience to include Aruba centric deployment Experience performing network security assessments and audits and a strong understanding of IT Governance Controls SSL certificate administration Solid foundation in web security, mobile security, penetration testing and cryptography Experience troubleshooting and managing Palo Alto firewalls Experience troubleshooting and managing F5 Load Balancers Experience in the setup, tuning and management of security appliances (next gen firewalls, IPS/IDS, ACS, web filters) Experience with cloud technologies (Openstack, AWS, Azure, etc.) and Network automation Experience with VPN technologies (both IPSec and SSL) Experience in WAN environments, installing and troubleshooting circuit problems (MPLS, OCxx, T1, DS3) and traffic shaping/QoS Familiarity with Layer 3 routing (BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, HSRP, VRRP) and Layer 4-8 troubleshooting Solid background in Layer 2 technologies (Spanning Tree, VTP, 802.1Q, Dynamic/Private Vlans) Knowledge of diagnostic networking tools (i.e. reading a packet capture) Knowledge of enterprise monitoring applications (Splunk, Solarwinds, Nagios) Flexibility in work schedule, off-hours for project implementation and 7 by 24 on-call support Excellent written and verbal communications skills required Must be results orientated, self-motivated and high-energy Bachelor’s degree in technology related field or equivalent experience Preferred Skills: Retail environment support extremely helpful Ecommerce Data Center support/engineering experience Relevant industry certification (CCSP, CCNP, CCWP) Technical writing experience Strong understanding of network security concepts, technologies and trends Experience in WLAN design, implementation and security Knowledge in the following areas a plus (load balancing, compression technologies, SOA applications, network software protocols) You’ll love working here because: The people. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams – people you can be proud to work with. The product. Employees enjoy a product discount and receive free product (“gratis”) various times throughout the year. (Think your friends and family love you now? Just wait until you work at Sephora!) The business. It feels good to win – and Sephora is a leader in the retail industry, defining experiential retail with a digital focus and creating the most loved beauty community in the world…with the awards and accolades to back it up. The perks. Sephora offers comprehensive medical benefits, generous vacation/holiday time off, commuter benefits, and “Summer Fridays” (half-days every Friday between Memorial and Labor Day)…and so much more. The LVMH family. Sephora’s parent company, LVMH, is one of the largest luxury groups in the world, providing support to over 70 brands such as Louis Vuitton, Celine, Marc Jacobs, and Dior. Working at Sephora’s Field Support Center (FSC) Our North American operations are based in the heart of San Francisco’s Financial District, but you won’t hear us call it a headquarters – it’s the Field Support Center (FSC). At the FSC, we support our stores in providing the best possible experience for every client. Dedicated teams cater to our client’s every need by creating covetable assortments, curated content, compelling storytelling, smart strategy, skillful analysis, expert training, and more. It takes a lot of curious and confident individuals, disrupting the status quo and taking chances. The pace is fast, the fun is furious, and the passion is real. We never rest on our laurels. Our motto? If it’s not broken, fix it. Sephora is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status. Sephora is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Sephora will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. COMPANY OVERVIEW: SEPHORA has been changing the face of prestige cosmetics since its debut in 1970s Paris. Sephora was acquired by luxury group Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH) in 1997 then launched stateside in 1998, and is currently home to 200 world-class brands - including its own private label, SEPHORA COLLECTION. Sephora's curated assortment features more than 14,000 products including makeup, skin care, perfume, hair care, body, professional tools and more. Sephora is the beauty education hub, offering consultations at the Beauty Studio, a variety of complimentary classes, one-on-one service from Personal Beauty Advisors, and exclusive retail technology SKINCARE IQ, COLOR IQ, and FRAGRANCE IQ. Sephora is an international force in beauty, and its award- winning website and ever-growing presence on social-media make it the world's premier digital beauty destination. Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland Job Segment: Network, Cisco, Developer, Telecom, Telecommunications, Technology