What You'll Do The Cisco Supply Chain Analytics team is looking for a full-stack Data Scientist. You will help Cisco Supply Chain define future roles as you drive automated and orchestrated solutions across one of the largest supply chains in the world. You will help supply chain leaders make decisions wisely, while taking into account inventory levels, manufacturing capacity, quality and delivery commitments, to increase customer sentiment, improve product margins, and optimize our supply chain design. Cisco's rich data landscape is an incredible playground for Data Scientists. Who You'll Work With You will work in cross-functional teams with senior leadership, engineers, analysts, and product owners to define problems, scope projects, and deliver intelligent data solutions. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the latest technologies, work on the most transformative projects, and join a select Data Science team passionate about data-driven decisions, applying technology and continuous learning. Who You Are You have experience communicating with diverse teams including data scientists, engineers, product managers, and executives as well as a proven track record of accomplishment of delivering high quality analytics insights and solutions. You are experienced in datasets to include; document, graph, log data, and semi-structured data. We are looking for strengths in Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining, Network Optimization and Natural Language Processing techniques. You also have experience using machine- learning techniques and advanced analytics (e.g. clustering, regression, classification, decision trees, and time series). Your responsibilities will be to: Provide analytical leadership deploying data products, lead training, and cultivate the data science community across Cisco’s global supply chain (+2000 employees) Partner and lead cross-functional teams to identify productivity opportunities across Quality, Delivery and Cost teams Lead portfolio of predictive analytical projects supporting Inventory Management, Manufacturing, Fulfillment, and Logistics Operations Lead hands-on whiteboard sessions designing analytical approaches, running experiments and assessing model performance against stated business objectives Mentor and lead data scientist team to define, train, test and deploy algorithms into production environments Our minimum qualifications for this role are: 5 years of industry experiences developing data products and deploying in global environments Graduate degrees preferred in quantitative discipline: computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, operations research, management of information systems, engineering, economics, social sciences or equivalent Demonstrable proficiency in coding (Python or R preferred) and passion to build Advanced SQL skills – comfortable with very large data sets Experience in Hadoop or other MapReduce paradigms and associated languages such as Pig and Hive Experience with NoSQL technologies, specifically Document (MongoDB) and Graph (Neo4j) types History of applied data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling to solve business problem and delivered results Self-driven individual, demonstrating continuous learning and creativity, and is naturally collaborative Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco. LI-AG1 dicecorp