Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA Google is developing groundbreaking cloud solutions for companies, leveraging years of experience in building secure, reliable, and scalable cloud technology. With strong Google differentiation in data analytics and machine learning, security, application development and collaboration software, we’re well on our way - but we need more people who can help us write, tell, and sell that story. If you’re as excited about building what’s next as we are, Google Cloud is the place for you. Google is a developer focused company. We hire technologists ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on billions of users. We are now taking everything we have learned and are building an entirely new cloud platform. It’s AI-first, hyperscale, mobile, and open. Developers are at the heart of Google, and the Developer Relations team connects developers everywhere with Google. We support these developers and listen to their feedback, making Google Cloud the fastest growing cloud platform. We act as advocates for Google technologies and represent developer interests within Google. As Developer Marketing Director, you will manage the relationships of Google Cloud with millions of developers. You will lead a team of marketers that work cross functionally across Product Marketing, Developer Advocacy, Events, and Engineering to drive Google’s engagement with the global developer community. We’re looking for a strategic marketing leader focused on developer acquisition and engagement through compelling storytelling, channels, campaigns, and events. Developer empathy and understanding is key to this role. You bring deep strategic thought, creativity, and a strong technical background to the role, and are an expert in framing a compelling developer narrative. You are highly analytical and understand how to use data to answer the right questions, and craft a marketing system for growth. This is a critical role that will define Google’s relationship with developers and then execute all of our developer messaging, outreach, and programs. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Manage the marketing strategy that connects us with developers and drives adoption of our platforms, APIs, and services. Define and prioritize our marketing initiatives, including senior executive alignment and budget ownership. Plan the content and channels we need to connect with developers at scale in order to hire and grow the marketing function. Invent new programs that scale with our business. Partner with teams across Google to bring the developer narrative to life - across our channels, events, programs, and more. Lead campaigns that drive awareness and excitement throughout the global developer community. Define and drive metrics, insights, and surveys from our developer community. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years experience in technical product marketing or developer relations with experience marketing to developer communities. 8 years of team management experience at a cloud or software company with global remit. Experience creating and executing ROI-positive marketing programs. Preferred qualifications: Experience working in global markets Experience as a senior leader marketing to developer communities. A passion and understanding for how developers use our APIs and tools. Strong analytical and problem solving skills with high attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to communicate product narratives in slides, written, and in-person communication. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.