Full Stack Engineer - 348794 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! At Nordstrom, providing great customer service goes beyond the selling floor. It takes a team of individuals with different talents and skills to continuously improve service and our results. Our Information Technologies division works in partnership with other areas of the Company to develop and support the business systems used throughout Nordstrom. When you join our team, you are welcomed into a family dedicated to creating memorable and rewarding shopping experiences for our customers. Join the Nordstrom Item Setup and Workflow Team! We believe that with our talented engineers, smart technology, and passionate customers we can deliver the best retail experience on the web. We are looking for a skilled individual to provide valuable technical expertise to our projects and production support for our selling systems. Help us solve complex problems with data and automation, while ruthlessly pursuing incremental wins that scale our systems to the next level of sustained performance. We value collaboration, innovation, and passion for delivery while sustaining work life balance. We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Data and Service platform team as we intensify the pace of innovation and move towards future growth through technology solutions. This position specifically focuses on supporting tooling, UIs and workflow enabling information workers to create, define, and sell Product. You will help us design and implement Cloud-based software (AWS & Google Cloud) to drive the next generation of tools and services in the Product domain. You should be self motivated, thrive in a collaborative, intellectually challenging environment, and be prepared to work with team members to create high-quality, cutting edge software solutions. A day in the life... Develop modern, large scale RESTful Micro Services and modern web based tools and applications for use by internal teams in a fast paced Retail environment Design and build distributed systems that integrate with a larger data and services ecosystem Desire to have full ownership of the entire SDLC from conception through build and deployment, to ongoing production operational support (all team members are expected to take an on-call shift to support our systems 24/7.) Work in a true DevOps Agile environment where all team members are expected to own the solution including deployment, testing, quality, monitoring and operational excellence. Be willing to go on-call and help support our application in production Strive for continuous improvement of code quality and development practices Anticipate system/application challenges and proposes solutions for the same. Contribute to story sizing and work estimates for implementation, validation, delivery and documentation Demonstrated ability to produce well-written and succinct technical analysis and documentation to stakeholders in development and product management. Review user stories to ensure a quality user experience, well-defined acceptance criteria and thorough test coverage. Participate in design and code review to ensure quality and testability of feature code Implement build, deployment and test automation to ensure high quality and enable continuous delivery Adjust positively to quickly-changing priorities and shifting goals Understand, leverage and applies best practices effectively This position may be required to perform other related duties as assigned You own this if you… 2+ years of current professional experience working with modern OO language (Java or C preferred.) 1+ years experience with Native Cloud Services (AWS and Google) such as Dynamo DB, Aurora, SQS, Cloud watch, Pub/Sub, etc. Proven proficiency in API development (REST and SOAP) Experience with client side frameworks and web development (React, Angular) BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent Agile software development experience Experience in the ecommerce or retail space is a plus We’ve got you covered... We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. LI-JH2 Job : Technology Date Posted : 06/29/2018, 10:04:04 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle