Job Code HR0757 Benefits Consultant II Duties & Responsibilities Reporting to the Manager, Project Management and Operations this position would be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the employee benefits program, including health and welfare, retirement and voluntary benefit plans. Working with IT and benefits colleagues, this individual is responsible for ensuring high levels of transactional accuracy are met by auditing and monitoring processes, procedures and data. This individual will be responsible for the work and professional development of the Operations team. Responsibilities: Oversee day-to-day operation of all benefits administration including PeopleSoft data integrity monitoring, data entry, file transmission processing, paper processing, record retention and data retrieval as well as management of technical resources (WebNow, Remedy, Knowledgebase, PeopleSoft, Crew). Manage root cause and trend analysis in order to minimize large scale problems. Develop and maintain PeopleSoft data integrity procedures including an audit strategy, issue research and resolution, and root cause mitigation as part of the overall process. Proactively identify areas of improvement for the Operations team. Ensure all file transmissions to vendors and internal customers are monitored for errors. Serve as initial contact for Customer Service team on escalated cases. Triage cases to identify those that should be escalated to Subject Matter Experts in health and welfare or retirement. Work with SME’s to ensure timely resolution. Ensure agreed service levels are met by Operations team. Use case management tool as necessary to document issues per office procedures Manage the work and professional development of the operations teams personnel, ensuring their professional growth is aligned with both their individual goals and organizational needs. Support manager in retrieving data which supports Benefits Design and Operations reporting. Assist in identifying appropriate data and the design of required reports. Regularly distribute operational statistics Participate in special projects as required. Other duties as assigned. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience required Minimum of 5 years’ relevant benefits experience Additional Qualifications Supervisory experience Advance level of Microsoft Excel for analysis Strong interpersonal skills Project Management skills a plus Microsoft Office proficiency Ability to prioritize a heavy and diverse workload Job Function Human Resources Sub-Unit Harvard Human Resources Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Benefits Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 057 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity Schedule The standard hours are Monday - Friday, 9-5pm. EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.