Role : Lead Backend Engineer Job Description : Transforms the application designs into a working application and performs unit testing. Develops multi-tier, client/server or web applications. Provides Tier 3 support for applications in production, working closely with Application Support Team. Projects may include cross-functional team members from across the business. Completes coding and testing of components or applications, including creation of test situations, unit testing and documenting application modifications. Responsibilities Design and implement software solutions to solve highly complex problems. System analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging, and documentation. This role specifically requires full stack development, working with UX/UI designers. Requires adaptability, as projects will require a wide range of technologies Desired skills: In-depth experience of building large scale distributed systems using AWS services and AWS server less platform architectures. AWS CSA / Developer Certifications required Strong foundation in Object Oriented Design techniques Node JS or .Net experience required: Expertise in .Net stack , MVC, Web API, REST API’s Relational Database knowledge required: MS SQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL. NoSQL Database knowledge is required Experience with TDD tools like NUnit/MS tests/SOAPUI/Run Scope is required API Integration / Management Platforms like APIGEE, AxWay, API Gateway… Experience with logging frameworks like log4net, Loggly Experience working with Enterprise Service Bus or Azure Bus or Pub-Sub Event Driven Distributed version control experience with Git Experience in Caching Technologies (like Redis, Memcache…) is required Demonstrates active pursuit of optimizing CI/CD process and tools, testing frameworks and practices Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 ASP.NET Web API PL1 Desired 2 ASP.NET MVC PL1 Desired 3 ASP.NET PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Auto - Policy Admin NA Desired 2 Auto - Claims NA Desired 3 Renewals NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Boston, Massachusetts, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 02 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.