Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Sourcing is a core strategic driver of Facebook’s success. We have a world- class team working together to help drive our ambitions and scale to the next level. As a member of our Product team, the Technical Sourcer works closely with our Recruiters and hiring managers to develop strategies to find candidates for our Product organization. We conceive practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a lot of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach. We’re passionate about delivering an awesome candidate experience, and that starts with the first conversation a candidate has with us, which is more often than not with a member of our Sourcing team. We’re seeking a dynamic Sourcer who brings a level of motivation, curiosity and scrappiness to our team. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with Recruiters and hiring managers to deeply understand requirements of the role, the function and how it fits into the organization Team with Coordinators and Recruiters to manage an efficient model of operation Strategize different ways to build talent pipelines and execute on tactical research, referral generation, events and sourcing campaigns Find, engage and activate passive candidates through the use of Boolean, LinkedIn and alternative search techniques Screen resumes and interview candidates to determine fit Regularly track pipeline activity to share with internal stakeholders Recommend and drive improvements that impact local pipeline areas Embody the company culture: Be Bold, Move Fast and Focus on Impact MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years sourcing experience with a search firm or in-house recruiting team Experience working with and building sourcing strategies with hiring managers Research/sourcing experience with experience dicing into search strategies Experience approaching candidates Experience working in a team-based environment