- Operating a hospital is more than IV bags and trauma rooms. One might be surprised by the number of people – and the hats they wear – who work behind the scenes to make sure a hospital runs smoothly and safely for our patients, visitors and staff. Each one plays a critical role and is part of a team to ensure the best care for our patients. Join Banner Health’s Clinical Applications Technical Team where you will work in an agile environment supporting our Cerner EMR. This team is instrumental in the stability and maintenance of Cerner and HIMS. As an IT Systems Engineer Consultant you will be responsible for creating reports in Cerner using CCL to ensure our customers’ needs are completed in an effective and timely manner. This position will be a remote, work from home position that requires an in-home workspace. Your pay and benefits are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. This opportunity is also eligible for our Management Incentive Program, as part of your Total Rewards package. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life. - About Banner Health Corporate Within Banner Health Corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. We offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. Whether your background is in Human Resources, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Managed Care Programs or Public Relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position is a high level individual contributor with expertise in selected business or healthcare processes and participates in formulating system scope and objectives relative to the companys requirements. Acts independently or as a leader of a team to provide knowledge, guidance, research and fact finding expertise to define, design, and code programs within applications and on various hardware platforms. Essential Functions Creates and installs computer code following established coding standards to instruct a system to perform a required function by working close with peers and customers. Able to manage projects that have a broad impact on application performance to meet customer needs. Tests application programs utilizing available productivity tools following established testing standards. Advises management on testing standards. Leads use of testing standards within the team. Documents programs created using established standards with programs and external documents noting relationships with other programs and applications. Advises management on documentation standards. Leads use of standards within the team. Works with the customer to research and develop solutions. Designs work flows and specifications for presentation to senior members of the team and customers for feedback and approval. Supports and practices established change control standards. Leads use of change control within the team. Advises management and provides recommendations on the uses of the applications. Minimum Qualifications Must possess strong knowledge of programming and technology as normally obtained through the completion of a bachelor's degree. Must also have in-depth knowledge of concepts within job function as would normally be obtained in 6-8 years work experience in the field. Strong working knowledge of a programming language, hardware environment, and use of program logic. Needs experience in medium scale project planning. Successful candidate will have skills to mentor less experienced team members. Requires communication and presentation skills to engage technical and non- technical audiences. Requires ability to communicate and interact across facilities and at various levels. As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge and ability to program in more than one language. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.