Who we are? With more than 190,000 people, Capgemini is present in over 40 countries and celebrates its 50th Anniversary year in 2017. A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. Learn more about us at. www.capgemini.com/us-en/ Rightshore® is a trademark belonging to Capgemini Within Capgemini, the Cloud Infrastructure Services business provides leading solutions to large global customers through an integrated global sales and delivery model. We are a global team of committed professionals who advise, transform and run client IT services. We help organizations meet their business goals by transforming and managing their IT infrastructure landscape – leveraging innovations notably in automation and the cloud. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini MAJOR INCIDENT MANAGER- MIM Location: Austin, TX our offices are located north Austin. You will be required to go into the office daily Travel: Less than 10% The focus of your role within Capgemini, what you do: Consults business impact and urgency, declare Major Incident; Coordinate the process of the service restoration or impact reduction; Monitors and escalates that cross -SDO incidents are resolved effectively securing end-to-end Service Level Agreement; Identifies and takes control of unallocated incidents e.g. ‘gray space’; Acts as escalation point for SDOs where resolution ownership is disputed; Provides assistance to SDOs to ensure a globally consistent approach to operational processes. Supports consistent communications in scope of the process and services; Provides high quality reports and communications; Ensures that customer’s business interests are maintained over and above those of any specific SDO; Cooperates with various SDOs, Incident Managers, and Regional/Global Change Managers; Identifies and escalates operational issues and drive resolution working directly with the client and SDOs; Facilitates operational and management oriented meetings; Distributes outage and business notifications; Participate in continuous service improvement; Is aware of the service performance and supports improvements implementation. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant -http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications What you bring: General computer systems knowledge, integration and architecture concepts; Awareness of cross systems interrelations in context of the global business process; Experience in IT, with emphasis on operational management; Good communication skills, active participating in Incident Management meetings; Experience of working directly with client; Experience of working with virtual teams to deliver Incident Management and processes and working cross functionally; Service Desk or Support Group experience; Understanding of Service Management Framework; ITIL certification (Green Badge level - ITIL Foundation); Experience of 247 shift working; Ability to facilitate training sessions for internal resources; Ability to maintain high level of accuracy and to work to tight deadlines; Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks. Required: Strong communication skills, ability to lead cross functional teams, excellent attention to detail and writing skills. Desired: ITIL knowledge & BMC Remedy experience is a plus What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini America Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are EEO/AA employers. Capgemini conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era, special disabled and other covered veteran status. Capgemini is a Drug-Free Workplace employer. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage veterans and active military service personnel to apply. LI-CV1