Join Sweeten, a fast growing, award-winning tech company based in New York City and founded by trained architects. We're a team of super ambitious and fun people who are fascinated by construction, design, and tech—and we're building the go-to marketplace for major renovations. As Sweeten’s first data scientist, you will chart the course for our data infrastructure and drive insights that lead to step-function improvements in how we connect renovators to construction professionals who are the best fit for each job. In this role, you will design and apply statistical models, build mission-critical dashboards, and help structure and order our data pipelines to enable machine learning at scale. Renovating is a complex undertaking. Our ideal candidate thrives in a collaborative, fluid environment and is comfortable learning new skills and working with unfamiliar technologies. We are looking for someone who loves to design technology that elegantly solves complex business problems and wants to apply their talents at a company that values creativity and problem-solving. We believe in our general contractors and we’re investing in their potential with world-class tools to help them get more renovation work done more successfully. Our data scientist will also serve our internal teams with information and resources that help us all get great work done at increasing scale. Sweeten’s tech is ultimately people-focused, and we’re looking for a new team member who wants to be a part of this picture. RESPONSIBILITIES Set up, maintain, and scale our data analytics infrastructure. Work closely with product, marketing, and sales teams to develop new and improved platform products. Build interactive dashboards that guide day-to-day operations, planning, and strategic decision-making. Build machine-learning models that power core operations, such as matching algorithms and lead quality assessment. Translate business constraints and product management queries into data science questions and experimental design. Consider ways we can test, track, measure, and optimize across systems. Innovate fearlessly while looking for ways to keep things simple. Requirements 1-3+ years of industry experience in data-science broadly skills as a full-stack data scientist; equally proficient in software development, machine learning, big data, and visualization strong Python / Pandas skills proficiency in SQL experience with Git, Heroku, AWS pacesetter who wants to set the standard, self-directed, organized, and committed to innovation passion for or interest in learning about design, real estate, and renovation a relentless drive and a collaborative spirit knowledge of statistics (clustering, regression, etc.) and experimental design a plus experience working with deep learning / neural network models (using TensorFlow, Keras) a plus experience with Docker, Dash, Plotly or other analytical web applications a plus Benefits We offer competitive compensation, exciting growth opportunities, fully-funded health plans, 401(k) options, fly Sweeten swag (all designed in-house), and weekly catered team lunches. Sweeten deeply values diversity and individuality, and is committed to creating a work environment where creativity, ideas, interests, and varied perspectives are valued and central to the success of our team. If you're interested in joining our team, we encourage you to apply! Be sure to include a cover letter that lets us know why this position sounds like a great fit for you and how you’ll succeed at Sweeten.