AppZen has developed the world’s first artificial intelligence (AI) solution for business process automation. AppZen’s AI for business solutions uses patent-pending Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision and machine learning algorithms to analyze data and automate functions. Our technology is used to automate business processes for both small and large enterprises, including fortune 50 organizations. The data science-based technology automatically detects accidental and intentional fraud, providing real-time compliance to IRS rules, FCPA regulations, and general company policies. Passionate about data and want to ensure the best customer experience? We are looking for people who can ensure success with our fast growing list of Fortune 50 customers. This position’s primary focus is analyzing customers data and working with our Implementation, Customer Success and Engineering teams to ensure customers are configured for success. If you are looking to make an immediate impact this is the role for you! About You: You love crunching numbers and looking for key trends to drive business value. You want to help our customers get the most out of AppZen’s audit solution and get joy out of watching a customer really succeed. You have GREAT communication skills and know how to get the message across. You have a finely tuned sense of urgency, you know when you can fix something, and when and how to ask for help. Responsibilities Analyzing customers data to identify areas of improvement within their configuration. Presenting data insights and potential solutions to teams within the Customer Success org. Working cross functionally to Identify and provide solutions to internal business process issues that impact the customer experience. Communicate suggested product improvements to the development team. Must-Haves: Humble and Friendly personality with an open and honest communication style. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to understand our business applications quickly with little hands on training. Bonus Points: Working understanding of fraud and compliance