The Business Analyst III is a lead position that provides core IT support for the analytical needs of the Pharmacy Rebates and Business Analysis (PRBA) section of the Vendor Drug Program within Medicaid-CHIP Services (MCS) at Texas Health and Human Services. The position will support and perform advanced work focused on contract management, project management and stakeholder communications. This support encompasses all necessary aspects of the VDP systems, including: planning, coordination, implementation, management, leading projects, and effective communication related to the analyses of plans, deliverables and data. Additionally, the position will be responsible for analyzing and monitoring program requirements and program projects to identify operational trends and performing complex monitoring and analysis of vendor’s work and their compliance with state and federal laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. This position will be responsible for the development of internal PBRA policies, procedures, guidelines and cross coordination and analysis to automate internal processes for streamlined decision making; preparing reports and responding to inquiries; providing program guidance for the implementation of new agency projects and changes related to VDP systems. Responsibilities of this position include assisting in procuring the services of technology vendors, as well as tasking existing vendors, in order to implement Vendor Drug projects to support Pharmacy Benefit Services. This position will lead and assist with requirements development, contract oversight and verification of deliverables. Work involves planning, developing, coordinating, implementing, and monitoring major VDP projects. This position will be responsible to prepare, plan, develop, organize, and coordinate VDP procurement and contract management activities as needed. This position will also assist with Advanced Planning Document APD preparation, reporting, and monitoring for project funding and initiatives. The candidate will be responsible for reviewing and evaluating vendor plans, deliverables, and must be able to elicit and document program requirements through Joint Application Design (JAD) requirements gathering sessions. The candidate must have the ability to research available technologies and products, provide insight into and evaluations of different products and implementation strategies. This position will also be responsible for the research, implementation of and advisement on system standards. This position will require working with internal and external stakeholder organizations involved in VDP Iniatives. This position will be responsible for the understanding and documenting of all data sources that make up VDP systems to assess impact, and assist in training staff if necessary. Additionally, the analyst must be knowledgeable of data migration and test protocols and understand data modeling and entity relationship diagrams. This role requires excellent verbal and written communication skills. The position must be able to work with tenacity, resolve and diplomacy. Advanced facilitation skills are essential with knowledge in marketing, presentation, innovation, change management, communication, negotiation, conflict resolution, individual/group dynamics, persuasion and leadership are also required. Essential Job Functions: (30%) Assists with preparing, planning, developing, organizing, and coordinating the procurement of technology vendor services and tasking existing vendors, in order to implement Vendor Drug projects to support the program; may perform some contract management activities as needed while working with internal and external stakeholder organizations involved in VDP Iniatives. (20%) Prepares and develops reports, internal policies, procedures, guidelines and facilitates cross coordination and analysis to automate internal processes for streamlined decision making, responds to inquiries; providing program guidance for the implementation of new agency projects and changes related to VDP systems. Assists with Advanced Planning Document APD preparation, reporting, and monitoring for project funding and initiatives. (15%) Leads and or assists with requirements development, contract oversight and verification of deliverables. Documents all data sources that make up VDP systems to assess impact, and assist in training staff if necessary. Research and analyze available technologies and products and provide evaluations of different products and implementation strategies and advisement on system standards. (15%) Reviews and evaluates vendor plans, deliverables, and elicits and documents program requirements through Joint Application Design (JAD) requirements gathering sessions. (10%) Supports all necessary aspects of the VDP systems, including: planning, coordination, implementation, management, leading projects, and effective communication related to the analyses of plans, deliverables and data. (10%) Analyze and monitoring program requirements and program projects to identify operational trends and performing complex monitoring and analysis of vendor’s work and their compliance with state and federal laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Experience in a field related to pharmacy, budget, Medicaid or CHIP. Knowledge of state and federal laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. Knowledge of Medicaid, CHIP, state/federal legislative process, budget process, health care programs and policies, and audit processes. Knowledge or skill in researching available technologies and products. Knowledge of or skill in Project Management. Demonstrated skill and experience reviewing and evaluating vendor plans, deliverables, and must be able to elicit and document program requirements through Joint Application Design (JAD) requirements gathering sessions. Demonstrated skill in or experience in leading and or assisting with planning, developing, coordinating, implementing, and monitoring projects. Demonstrated skill and experience performing business analysis. Demonstrated experience in or familiarity with procuring the services of technology vendors. Demonstrated experience with development of program processes, procedures. Skill in analyzing and monitoring program requirements and program projects to identify operational trends. Skill in synthesizing, analyzing, and evaluating highly complicated and technical information and translating easily understandable and concise documents and oral presentations for agency execution, elected officials and the public. Ability to gather, assemble, correlate, and analyze facts; to develop and evaluate policies and procedures; to plan, implement, and coordinate agency programs. Skill in interpersonal relationships, including the ability to work with people under pressure, negotiate among multiple parties, resolve conflicts, and establish and maintain effective working relationships with various level personnel in governmental entities and program stakeholders. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience required. (MA/MS or equivalent experience preferred) At least 2-3 years of experience in systems analysis. At least 2-3 years of experience in core IT development skills, such as software development, familiar with SDLC lifecycle (preferred). Familiar with Project Management and or Health Systems Additional Information: Req ID386582 MOS Code: There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the responsibilities, and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if they meet the qualifications for this position. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.