Senior Machine Learning and Compiler Engineer, Austin,Texas We need a senior machine learning engineer with significant experience with compilers and tool development to work in our Austin, TX office. Nvidia’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and react to the world around them. Our world renown compiler teams enable the power and speed of our parallel processing GPUs to succeed in the dynamic AI world. Our compiler teams need resourceful problem solvers. Does this describe you? What you'll be doing: The NVIDIA compiler machine learning team is developing inventive solutions applying many aspects of machine learning to compilers and other development tools. You will work with enthusiastic and dedicated people at the forefront of science and technology trends. You will have the opportunity to craft creative algorithms across a diverse machine learning landscape. Last but not least, your work will be brought to bear in products all over the world. What we need to see: Prerequisites for this position include a strong passion to build real working products that use the latest scientific results. Five plus years total development experience Hands-on compiler development accomplishments Strong background with C, C++, LISP or Scheme Practical experience with machine learning and applied artificial intelligence Educational background to understand the science and mathematics involved in the above technologies BS, MS, PhD in CS, CE, EECS or related with a focus on machine learning, compilers, and development tools. Ways for you to stand out from the crowd: Experience with R desirable NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning