AWS IaaS Developer Remote possible Who is Affinity? Affinity is a privately held national Solutions Consulting firm based out of Milwaukee. We serve as strategic advisors and thought leaders to our high- caliber clients. Our clients and employees value our approach as a company “big enough to do complex, high impact work, but small enough to truly care”. We focus on hiring motivated, intelligent professionals who have a passion for their work and a desire to grow along with us. Visit our website to learn more about us and all the exciting things we are doing here at Affinity: www.affinityit.com. What will you do in this role? In partnership with one of our key clients we are creating a IaaS team focused on supporting deployments to Amazon Web Services (AWS) and optimizing existing tools and processes. This team will assist in designing and deploying IaaS solutions enabling the migration from on-prem and internal cloud to AWS. Additionally, this team will execute on a backlog of improvements and additional IaaS functionality, creation of automation scripts to deploy infrastructure (Infrastructure as code) and improve standardization. Requirements: Understanding of cloud computing: virtualization technologies, Infrastructure as a Service, and cloud delivery models. Knowledge of programing languages such as: Python, Java and, Ruby Experienced with AWS tools such as CloudFormation, CloudWatch, Docker, Lambda Experience in design and refactoring of existing applications to facilitate repurposing to the cloud. Excellent written and oral communication skills; Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff. Ability to provide support on AWS services and DevOps deploying applications in AWS to help take full advantage of the AWS platform. Technical discovery & requirements analysis to reach technology & design decisions, identify risks and plan implementation activities. Suggest CI/CD and DevOps solutions and processes and provide guidance on or drive best practice solutions and design patterns for the AWS deployments. What we offer: Competitive base salary – OR C2C Full benefits including full medical, dental, 401K, PTO and holiday, disability, life, etc A culture of collaboration Challenging work Contemporary and emerging technologies The opportunity for high-impact work Respected partners Entrepreneurial spirit Collaborative performance reviews and career planning Personalized training and career development Opportunities for advancement Apply here or contact our fulfillment team directly! JANE KNAUS Fulfillment Leader Direct: 310.316.3737 jknaus@affinityit.com www.affinityit.com Make sure to follow us on our LinkedIn company page for new job postings. https://www.linkedin.com/company/265359/