Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Technology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world's leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets. Morgan Stanley's sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modeling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools. Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients' businesses—and to our own. Institutional Corporate Technology (ICT) is part of Technology. This group is responsible for developing enterprise applications for a diverse set of businesses including Fixed Income, Equities, Commodities, Investment Banking, Research, and Global Capital Markets. In addition, ICT provides technology solutions for client-aligned groups and company-wide divisions, such as Finance and Operations, post-trade functions within the Institutional Securities Group and standardized data and enterprise-wide services to provide leverage to the Firm's businesses. Morgan Stanley Machine Learning (MSML) is Morgan Stanley's center of excellence responsible for working with business and IT teams across the firm to solve mission-critical problems. We are a highly motivated and collaborative team consisting of data scientists, machine learning engineers and members from academia. Our team is uniquely positioned to apply advanced AI and NLP to revenue generating business cases. Responsibilities: - Work with stakeholders to refine requirements and communicate progress, and Translate discussions into solutions Lead projects and develop strong collaboration with other team members and across the firm- Mentor junior members of the team- Develop & Deploy models to production- Participate in internal and external forums Qualifications Required: \- Development experience in Python with good command over respective data pipelining, matrix algebra and statistics libraries- Deep learning programming experience with Python/Tensorflow or similar library in a GPU environment- Tuning and optimization of sequential deep learning models- Model deployment and scaling experience Strong communication skills & team management experience- 5-10 years of experience- MS in Computer Science. PhD preferred.Desired: - Reinforcement learning experience - Deep Generative models - Research publications