Administrative Asst II Work under general supervision of Manager I, with moderate latitude in performing complex technical and administrative duties regarding customer requests for service. Provide direct assistance to customers by disseminating complex technical information via telephone, direct contact, E-mail, and correspondence. Duties involve reviewing, evaluating, and making technical/ judgmental decisions in Vital Statistics matters. Determine acceptability of customer requests for services, fees and legal documentation insuring compliance with Texas statutes, rules and regulations. Utilize complex automated applications/programs for information retrieval, data entry, customer inquiries, and customer complaints. Utilize Word and other processing software to compose and prepare routine and non-routine correspondence. Develop, coordinate and maintain record keeping and filing systems. Strong phone and verbal communication skills along with active listening. Perform other duties as assigned. Answer and respond to customer requests for service via telephone and email. Assist customers by providing complex technical information on Vital Statistics services, status inquiries, and ordering instructions. Direct inquiry calls to Request Processing Specialists within the Branch as needed. Must create explanatory correspondence to the public containing concise instructions for applying for vital records and for filing supplemental vital records. Resolves problems by clarifying issues, researching and exploring answers, implementing solutions, and escalating unresolved problems. Attend mandatory training to stay updated on policy changes. Accurate and swift data entry into agency computer platform. Build positive relationships and engage customers by taking the extra mile. Meet personal and team qualitative and quantitative targets. Essential Job Functions: EJF 1. Answer and respond to customer requests for service via telephone and email. Assist customers by providing complex technical information on Vital Statistics services, status inquiries, and ordering instructions. Direct inquiry calls to Request Processing Specialists within the Branch as needed. Must create explanatory correspondence to the public containing concise instructions for applying for vital records and for filing supplemental vital records. % Time Spent: 50% EJF 2. Determine acceptability of complex customer applications/requests for issuance of Vital Records (Birth, Death, Marriage and Divorce Records). Interpret and explain Vital Statistics rules, regulations, policies and procedures. Examine and analyze confidential applications and legal documents to ensure compliance based on Texas Statutes, rules and regulations % Time Spent: 20% EJF 3. Provide complex technical assistance to customers via E-mail or telephone concerning requests for service. Provide customers with applications/forms as needed. Investigate inquiries concerning status of applications and takes appropriate action to insure customer inquiry is resolved. % Time Spent: 20 % EJF 4. Develop, coordinate and maintain confidential record keeping and filing systems pertaining to customer requests. Maintains call center database by entering accurate information. % Time Spent:5% EJF 5. Performs other duties as assigned. % Time Spent: 5% Attend work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy. Knowledge Skills Abilities: List the knowledge, skills, and abilities critical to performance in this position: Knowledge of Texas Vital Statistics Statues. Knowledge of Texas Vital Statistics policies and procedures Knowledge of Vital Statistics security policies and procedures. Skills to operate a computer and utilize software such as Windows, Word, Excel, and other Microsoft products. Skills in using Database and Computer Systems. Skills in verbal and written communication. Skill in providing excellent listening skills and the ability to ask probing questions, understand concerns, and overcome objections. Ability to quickly develop a rapport with customers over the phone with a professional and friendly attitude. Ability to multi-task, set priorities and manage time effectively Ability to problem solve Ability to work with confidential records/files/information. Ability to plan, establish priorities, make decisions and recommendations within the purview of the position. Ability to effectively communicate with the public and team members. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with staff and managers. Ability to provide written and verbal instructions to explain policies and procedures. Ability to work independently and under minimal supervision. Ability to make decisions in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment. Ability to interpret Texas Vital Statistics Law, policies, procedures and regulations. Ability to move books weighing 5 to 12 pounds, stand and sit for extended periods of time. Ability to compose correspondence utilizing Texas Vital Statistics terminology and standard business English. Ability to communicate on the telephone and in-person in a clear and diplomatic manner. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: Minimum one year experience working in a high volume contact or call center environment. Experience providing customer service. Experience conveying policies and procedures. Experience using computers and Microsoft Office Software, to include Word, Outlook, PowerPoint and Excel is required. Additional Information: Requisition 380912 Selected applicant must submit to a fingerprint based criminal background check upon offer of employment. Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information, see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.