As a leading mobile games developer, Jam City is looking to “level up” our talent. We’re on the hunt for innovators who consider themselves dynamic, collaborative and thrive in a fast-paced environment. PERKS & BENEFITS Competitive compensation packages 100% Company Sponsored Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits (Employee-Only & Varies by Plan) Unlimited Vacation Time Catered Lunches Fully Stocked Kitchens Monthly Company Happy Hours & Events (ex. Game Nights, Karaoke) Game Room (Pool, Ping Pong, Video Games and More!!!) Dog-Friendly Office ABOUT THE ROLE We are looking for a savvy Desktop Support Specialist , who can provide high quality, professional technical support for our enterprise users in two of our downtown San Francisco offices. This position includes deploying and troubleshooting all hardware, operating systems, applications, network printers, internet issues and everything IT. If you’re interested to grow your IT career in the creative world of gaming, then this is the right role for you! RESPONSIBILITIES Provide end user support for macOS, iOS, Windows and networking issues. Troubleshoot and support LifeSize video conference systems. Responsible for onboarding and offboarding all new hires and exiting employees from an IT standpoint. System Administrator for following: G Suite, Adobe Creative Cloud, Dropbox Business, JIRA, Github, Slack, Autodesk (Maya), OneLogin (SSO), Perforce, HockeyApp, EZoffice. Responsible for maintaining inventory system for all IT related equipment. Document standards, best practices and policies and contribute to IT FAQs and Knowledge Base. Image and deploy computers and other devices. Other general end-user support and troubleshooting as necessary. QUALIFICATIONS Passion for solving technical problems. Experience with some or all of these apps: G-Suite, Dropbox, Slack, JIRA and/or OneLogin. Minimum 1 year of experience with help desk / desktop support in a professional environment. Proficient in macOS and Windows. Video Conference Systems knowledge. Customer service experience. NICE TO HAVE Strong Windows support experience. Inventory Management experience. Onboarding/Offboarding experience. Experience with single sign-on solutions, endpoint management platform (Jamf Pro). Love for all types of Games! COMPANY DESCRIPTION Jam City is a global leader in mobile entertainment, providing social gaming experiences for millions of players around the world. Jam City was founded in 2010 by MySpace cofounders Chris DeWolfe and Aber Whitcomb, and former 20th Century Fox executive Josh Yguado. Jam City is the creative powerhouse behind some of the highest grossing and most enduring social gaming franchises for mobile, including Cookie Jam (Facebook “Game of the Year” winner) and Panda Pop. Jam City is the go-to studio for Hollywood, having developed immersive, narrative rich mobile games for iconic entertainment brands including Harry Potter, Family Guy, Marvel Avengers and Futurama. Jam City has 500 employees across studios in Los Angeles (HQ), San Francisco, San Diego and Buenos Aires. The Jam City team is known for its creative excellence and technological innovation in key areas including storytelling, data science and audience intelligence.