What does a Best Buy Connected Devices Sales Consultant do? Do you love listening to the latest tunes through your portable headphones? Or, using a wearable to track the amount of physical activity you perform in a day? If you think it would be fun to sell these products check out the Best Buy Connected Devices Sales Consultant role. Best Buy Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services and work closely with other sales team members. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. Armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy experience; ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants develop strong relationships with customers and bring them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. The Best Buy Sales Consultant engages customers by utilizing selling skills to build the right solutions for our customers. They will sell a broad range of products and services including health and fitness, head phones and portable speakers using a proven structured approach while at the same time developing in-depth knowledge of the latest technology. Job responsibilities include: Provide personalized service and exceptional expertise for customers. Handle all aspects of the sale including customer contracts and warranties, customer payments, cash and credit card/check transactions. Develop, maintain and communicate strong, up-to-date knowledge of health and fitness, head phones and portable speakers products, accessories, pricing plans and service features. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.