Why We’re Rad (about us): Rad Power Bikes is a leading consumer-direct ebike manufacturer specializing in high quality yet affordable electric bikes for weekend warriors, hardcore commuters, and family cyclists. Madly growing and located in Ballard, we are seeking a gifted Customer Experience Specialist to join our team. Come help Rad Power Bikes get people riding again! We are looking for bike enthusiasts who want to help other bike enthusiasts enjoy a lifelong outdoor experience with their Rad Power Bike. Help customers and potential customers learn which bike is best for them and how to optimized fun and the utility of each bike. Check us out at www.radpowerbikes.com. Why You’re Rad (about you): Prior experience in customer service via the phone, email, and social media Experienced in developing relationships with customers Excellent verbal and written communication skills under pressure Ability to multitask Skilled at online research Ability to learn quickly in an ever changing environment Professional communication with managers and team members Proficiency with Microsoft Office, Google suite (Docs, Sheets, etc), Knowledge of major social media platform (big plus if you've used them on a business level) 4 year degree preferred You get bonus points for: Experience with electric bikes or vehicles. Experience in Adobe Creative Suite Had you been with us last month, you would have: Performed pre-sale customer support via email, phone, social, forums, and in person including answering questions, detailing products, and above all, ensuring that all potential customers are left with a fantastic experience Performed post-sale support via above channels including bike operations, best practices, and basic tech support Monitored and updated online inventory, product descriptions/photos, and basic website information Participated in local outreach events and related events with sales team as needed Learned the industry to understand the products we offer on a technical level Assisted in the implementation and maintenance of customer service systems, shipping software Collaborated with members of other teams to find answers and be a resource to teammates Advocated for customers by identifying trends and suggesting improvements to processes, policies and products This is an entry level role. Starting pay is likely to start at $15/hr depending on relevant experience. Hours are Monday-Friday 9-5. Rad Power Bikes is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at 800-939-0310.