DPS - IT - Jr Systems Engineer ( 00002564 ) Organization : TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : AUSTIN HQ (MAIN) PO BOX 4087 5805 N LAMAR BLVD, AUSTIN TX 78752 Austin 78773 Job : Computer and Mathematical Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 State Job Code : 0256 Salary Admin Plan : B Grade : 24 Salary (Pay Basis) : 4,917.00 - 8,060.00 Number of Openings : 1 Overtime Status : Exempt Job Posting : Aug 8, 2018, 3:44:21 PM Closing Date : Aug 22, 2018, 11:59:00 PM Description PLEASE NOTE: All applications must contain complete job histories, which includes job title, dates of employment, name of employer, supervisor's name and phone number and a description of duties performed. If this information is not submitted, your application may be rejected because it is incomplete. Resumes do not take the place of this required information. SUBMITTED THROUGH WORK IN TEXAS: Work In Texas (WIT) applicants must complete the supplemental questions to be considered for the posting. In order to complete the supplemental questions please go to CAPPS Recruit to register or login and access your profile. Go to CAPPS Recruit to Sign In https://capps.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en The ideal candidate will have knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) processes, automation and integration. Core administration skills with both Windows and Linux environments. Knowledge of Amazon Web Services cloud computing services, products, and solutions. They should have knowledge of the use and implementation of automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Code Deploy, Code Pipeline. Most importantly the candidate should express a desire to work in a team environment, embraces collaboration and communication. GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Perform advanced (senior-level) consultative services and technical program work within the Information Technology Division. Partners with the business division to evaluate and develop short term and long term technical direction in the form of both cloud hosted and on premise strategic technology roadmaps and implementation. Work under minimal supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiate and independent judgement. The following Military Occupational Specialty codes are generally applicable to this position. Applicants must fully complete the summary of experience to determine if minimum qualifications are met. 25B, 255A, 255S, 53A, 181X, 182X, 681X, 642X, 742X, 744X, 275, 26, 030, 8848, 8858, 3D0X4 ESSENTIAL DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Partner with development and operations support staff, both internal and external vendors to assist in the implementation of software and hardware solutions. 2\. Assist with technology research and recommendations for alignment with agency tools, products and plans. 3\. Assist with the development and review Enterprise Amazon Web Services Cloud Architecture solutions. Ensuring policy and compliance standards are being met. 4\. Support the implementation of selected technology solutions by working with the project teams to ensure the selected solution continues to meet the business and technical needs to the business area. 5\. Help manage and maintain agency Cloud Program. Review of technical capabilities and development of technical roadmaps to meet the needs of the agency. 6\. Assist with the build out and implementation of Amazon Web Services cloud solutions. Ensuring Amazon Web Services and cloud hosting best practices are utilized. 7\. Help coordinate solution evaluation with agency enterprise architecture unit to ensure consistent and supportable solution selection, as well as prevent the implementation of redundant technologies. 8\. Work with COTS/DevOps administrators in support of cloud services and administration. 9\. Review documentation of applications and systems to ensure they are accurate and current. 10\. Integrate, migrate, and retire existing systems and provide guidance and support. 11\. Attend work regularly and observe approved work hours in accordance with agency leave and attendance policies. 12\. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS and REQUIREMENTS Education – Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field. Experience – Minimum of five (5) years’ experience performing work in an Enterprise IT environment performing technical work. Knowledge of current IT system capabilities and how to incorporate those capabilities into business solutions is required. _Substitution Note_ : Additional work experience of the type described or other related education may be substituted for one another on a year-for-year basis. Licensure and/or Certification – If driving is required, must possess a valid driver license from state of residence. Regulatory Knowledge – Working knowledge of, or the ability to rapidly assimilate information related to TXDPS, State and Federal regulations, legislation, guidelines, policies and procedures. Interpersonal Skills – Must demonstrate an ability to exercise poise, tact, diplomacy and an ability to establish and maintain positive, working/professional relationships with internal/external customers. Organizational and Prioritization Skills – Must be organized, flexible, and able to effectively prioritize in a multi-demand and constantly changing environment; able to meet multiple and sometimes conflicting deadlines without sacrificing accuracy, timeliness or professionalism. Research and Comprehension – Must demonstrate ability to quickly and efficiently access relevant information, and be able to utilize and/or present research and conclusions in a clear and concise manner. Presentation/Communication Skills \- Must be able to construct and deliver clear, concise, and professional presentations to a variety of audiences and/or individuals. Analytical Reasoning/Attention to Detail – Must demonstrate an ability to examine data/information, discern variations/similarities, and be able identify trends, relationships and causal factors, as well as grasp issues, draw accurate conclusions, and solve problems. Technology (computers/hardware/software/operating systems) – Must possess appropriate levels of proficiency with utilized software and systems and be able to learn new software/systems. Knowledge of current technical approaches used to deliver IT products and services to large client organizations Knowledge of Amazon Web Services cloud computing services, products, and solutions; Assist with the build out and implementation of Amazon Web Services Core Administration skills in Windows Server and/or Linux Server; Knowledge of CI/CD processes, automation, and integration; Knowledge of the use and implementation of automation tools; Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Code Deploy, Code Pipeline as required to meet the requirements of CI/CD; Skill in the integration of DevOps principles, tools, automation, and planning; Knowledge of Agile methods and practices; Knowledge of Identity and Access principles and implementation of both on premise and cloud environment; Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook). Confidentiality and Protected Information – Must demonstrate an ability to responsibly handle sensitive and confidential information and situations, and adhere to applicable laws/statutes/policies related to access, maintenance and dissemination of information. Safety – Must be able to work in safe manner at all times, avoiding shortcuts that have potential adverse results/risks, and must be able to comply with safety standards and best practices. Travel and/or Schedule \- Availability for after-hour and weekend work is required. PHYSICAL and/or ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS The physical and environmental demands described here are representative of those encountered and/or necessary for the employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job; reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Environment: Office Ambulatory skills, e.g. stand, walk, sit, climb, balance, kneel, crouch; Hand-eye coordination and arm/hand/finger dexterity; Ability to speak, hear, and exercise visual acuity; Ability to transfer weights of twenty-five (25) pounds anticipated for this position; Driving requirements: Occasional (10%) State of Texas Benefits and Retirement Information: https://www.ers.texas.gov/ DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group and state title will be transferred with no salary change. DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. Salary is contingent upon qualifications and is subject to salary administration and budgetary restrictions. Travel: 5% DUE TO THE HIGH VOLUME OF APPLICATIONS WE DO NOT ACCEPT TELEPHONE CALLS, ONLY CANDIDATES SELECTED FOR INTERVIEW WILL BE CONTACTED. State of Texas retirees may be rehired for full-time, non-commissioned positions only under very specific circumstances.