This Job Posting is for Grace Hopper About American Express American Express is a global services company that provides consumers and businesses with exceptional access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. We make it easier, safer and more rewarding for consumers and businesses to purchase the things they need and for merchants to sell their goods and services through innovative payment, travel and expense management solutions. Our direct relationships with millions of consumers, businesses and merchants worldwide - combined with our leading-edge marketing, analytical, rewards, and servicing capabilities - enable us to uniquely offer an array of differentiated experiences that enrich lives. American Express was built on service, sustained by innovation and our vision is to work hard every single day to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. About Credit and Fraud Risk Purposeful, ambitious, insatiable, analytical, collaborative and courageous are the hallmarks of our Credit and Fraud Risk team. This critical team is responsible for managing enterprise risks through the customer life cycle and across all our global products. We develop industry- first data capabilities, build profitable decisioning frameworks, create machine-learning powered predictive models, and improve customer servicing strategies. This team has delivered industry-leading results year after year while enabling profitable growth and delivering a best-in-class customer experience. This team is comprised of several diverse teams structured under four, core functions: Credit Risk Strategy : Monitor portfolios and make profit-based risk decisions at all stages of the customer credit life cycle Decision Science : Build predictive models using AI/Machine Learning for all portfolios and products Fraud Risk Strategy : Develop fraud prevention strategies on behalf of our customers Risk Capabilities : Develop capabilities to manage data and execute business strategies Job Responsibilities You will work in a highly-dynamic and exciting environment and will have the opportunity to work on predictive models/strategies for American Express Card and Non-Card products. You will collaborate with partners in other Risk teams, Marketing, Finance, Global Servicing Network, Legal/Compliance, Banking, and Technologies to create world-class analytical capabilities and solutions to minimize credit and fraud risk and improve customer experience. The key responsibilities include: Work with managers and directors to design solutions and strategies Perform analytics using data science tools and capabilities to solve business problems Incorporate new data sources and capabilities in decision-making Create new variables Collaborate with other functional teams across the Risk and Non-Risk groups to use standard methodologies and ensure a positive customer experience throughout the customer journey Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field such as Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science More than 2 years of relevant experience for Senior Analyst’s role Strong analytical and problem solving skills Ability to handle large datasets using SAS, SQL, HIVE, R, Python or other programming language Strong Knowledge of statistical and machine learning techniques preferred for decision science roles Thought leadership and solution oriented mindset Ability to think strategically and apply both quantitative methods and business insight to get results Comfortable working in a highly collaborative and dynamic work environment Clear, effective written and oral communication skills Depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, American Express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions. Life at American Express American Express is known for backing our customers to help them achieve their goals and dreams, both big and small. At American Express, we’re changing the way people live and work through meaningful projects with real-world impact. When you join our team you can make a difference by improving the everyday lives of customers around the world. Growing great leaders is one of the things that sets American Express apart. Every employee has the opportunity—and is encouraged—to take their personal leadership to the next level through a wide variety of leadership and learning programs. Our employees and their families feel supported at every stage of their lives. We provide resources and benefits that help support their physical, financial and emotional well-being, such as our award-winning global corporate wellness program, Healthy Living, and many others including: 20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Health (dental and vision) and Life Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement, 401k with match. Some of our roles even offer flexible work arrangements so you can work how it makes sense for you, without ever compromising quality. Creating an inclusive culture is both a part of who we are and what we do together. We value and embrace the diversity of thought, backgrounds and experiences of all our employees. Through our 15 Employee Networks, participants can broaden their associations with other employees while expanding their knowledge of the business. American Express is a place where being yourself matters. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Tags: GH2018 ReqID: 18011735 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time