We are now looking for a Deep Learning & Computer Vision Image Quality Engineer: NVIDIA is the world leader in the artificial intelligence revolution. Our technology enables self-driving cars, artificially intelligent cities, and robotics. For all of these applications images and video are key inputs to the networks and algorithms, however the interaction between image quality and AI performance remains poorly understood. We are looking for a machine learning expert with a passion for photography to join us in exploring the interface between these fields, both by improving deep learning accuracy through image quality tuning and by applying deep learning techniques to improve image quality. You have experience applying deep learning to solve computer vision problems. This role is hands on, so a strong engineering sense and a methodical approach are critical. Experience developing production code and apps that offer creative image processing and/or computational photography usages is a huge plus. What you’ll be doing: You'll prototype and develop deep learning driven computer vision/imaging algorithms You'll use developments made in other groups such as the research and automotive teams Develop tools to assist with algorithm development, algorithm testing, and image quality evaluation and validation, etc. Familiarity with video or still cameras, and tools like Photoshop or Final cut etc. What we need to see: Advanced degree (MS or PhD) with a focus on Digital Imaging, Image Quality, Machine Learning and Optimization; or equivalent relevant experience. 3 years of relevant work experience Expertise in image processing, image-quality evaluation, deep learning and data-driven non-linear optimization and/or related techniques Strong understanding of color science and digital camera image processing pipelines are a plus Familiarity with one or more neural network frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow or Caffe Candidates with strong Python/C/C++ skills preferred Consistent track record of academic or industrial research, with an emphasis on solving real-world problems. Programming experience on/with Android, Linux platforms are a plus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning