Overview At BBVA, we are working to make banking better for everyone. That is where you come in. We are looking for smart, team oriented people who want to be part of a first-class workforce that gives people the tools they need to meet their financial goals, all while delivering an outstanding client experience. Learn more below. The Customer Intelligence (CI) department is a strong multi-disciplinary team that support strategic and tactical objectives for BBVA Compass bank. The team is tasked with building a holistic view of the bank's customer base including segmentation, marketing and sales support. CI is a highly demanding, high-energy work environment where efficiency and accuracy are a way of living. Although CI team members do not have direct interaction with the bank's customers we have a high level of impact in the relationships established with the bank's customers and the way we communicate with them. Responsibilities Create campaign audience population from Customer Analytics Data Mart and various data source. Generate Channel specific data files which included but not limited to Direct Mail, Email, Online, Mobile and Sales Force. Provide data support for all campaign related activities such as performing lead officer assignments, audience exclusion scrubbing and reservation code generation. Modify and create SQL Script to streamline and improve campaign execution. Track Campaign disposition, perform funnel analysis and target /halo response reporting. Create effective and flexible customer journey in Sales Force Marketing Cloud to optimize client experience and support a customer centric campaign strategy. Support Omnichannel based on customer choice. Assess customer satuation, balance customer contact load and officer work load. Support Priority, Onboarding and always on campaigns. Conduct AB and Champion challenger testing. Work with Line of Business representatives to understand Campaign Specification and requirement. Become Campaign Subject Matter Expert for predetermined Product and Segment teams. Develop Attribution model. Leverage data to formulate revenue opportunity triggers and alerts for the sales team Perform data mining to identify patterns, trend & revenue opportunities. Understand and analyze data findings to formulate sound business strategy. Enhance intelligence gathering on customers and prospects via mining of various internal and external data sources. Design and develop effective and accurate reports, analytics and presentations for management. Support systemic lead generation using various marketing tools. Design and develop Business Intelligence Dashboard using OLAP tool such as Tableau Qualifications Bachelor degree in Finance, Statistic, MIS, Mathematics, Computer Science or equivalent professional experience. Previous work experience related to financial institutions would be a strong plus. 3 to 5 years of customer analytics experience. Proficient in Access, SAS and Microsoft Office Suite. Basic programming skill (VBA, C, JQuery, JavaScript, ASP.net etc) a strong plus. Proficient in SQL queries, SSIS, SSRS and Transact-SQL on Oracle and SQL Databases. Familiar with IT protocols such as FTP and HTTP. Experience working with warehouses, databases, marts, reporting dashboards such as Tableau. Strong quantitative analytical skill. Excellent communication skills and must be able to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical employees both orally and in writing.