This position is responsible for providing analytical support through research, data gathering, interpretation and development or testing of policies and procedures and reporting. Responsibilities include assisting in developing documenting business requirements and developing case scenarios in the development of new or enhanced systems. How you will make an impact: Researches and analyzes data to identify trends or potential issues. May develop plans and proposals to address issues. Participates in the development and management of project plans from project planning and design through testing, implementation and maintenance. Prepares written reports and verbal presentations summarizing project objectives, analysis, conclusions, issues and recommendations. Communicates with and organizes division staff or project team to meet project objectives. Performs miscellaneous duties as assigned. What we look for: A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent education, training or experience is required. A minimum of 3 years related experience. Detail orientated, creative and flexible. PC literacy required; MSOffice skills (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint); Visio; SharePoint preferred. Strong analytical and problem solving skills to evaluate business processes and recommend effective solutions. Strong organizational/time management skills and multi-tasking abilities. Experience with both process and data-driven structured analysis techniques. Archer GRC knowledge a plus. Project Management Professional (PMP) certification. Health care and compliance knowledge or certification a plus. Knowledge of Healthcare products, policies, claims, eligibility and policies, procedures and guidelines. Ability to maintain confidentiality Ability to travel as needed Benefits and perks: 12 days starting vacation plus 11 holidays and your birthday off! Multiple medical insurance options: 100% paid or low cost premiums 100% paid dental insurance 100% paid vision insurance Onsite gym and/or gym discount and fitness incentive Culture of learning: substantial tuition reimbursement to improve your skills Career growth: we love promoting from within Strong commitment to work/life balance Social responsibility and volunteer opportunities If you think this sounds like you, let’s chat. We would love to tell you more! ABOUT Delta Dental As the first company to specialize in dental insurance, we are passionate about oral health and its importance to future generations. Our core purpose is the advancement of oral health care to our customers, partners and consumers through dental insurance programs and philanthropic efforts. We are part of the Delta Dental Plans Association, a network of companies that provides dental coverage to 74 million people in the U.S. Delta Dental of California, Delta Dental of New York, Inc., Delta Dental of Pennsylvania and Delta Dental Insurance Company, together with our affiliate companies, form one of the nation’s largest dental benefits delivery systems, covering 33 million enrollees. All of our companies are members, or affiliates of members, of the Delta Dental Plans Association, a network of 39 Delta Dental companies throughout the country. Delta Dental provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Delta Dental complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.