The Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure Planning (MCIP) group in Azure is an exciting and fast evolving engineering group within Microsoft. MCIP’s mission is to optimize and deliver industry leading cloud infrastructure planning for Microsoft’s online services. The organization is responsible for strategy and plan to deliver the foundational platform for all Microsoft Online Services. MCIO supports over 200 online businesses including Bing, O365, OneDrive, Xbox and Windows Azure branded services. Within the next few years Microsoft will spend billions of dollars developing and delivering on-line services. Fundamental to our success will be our ability to deploy optimal cloud infrastructure capacity required to address rapidly growing global demand. Existing demand forecasting is fragmented across the company, inconsistent and suboptimal. To maximize our business performance, we will consolidate all on-line services demand forecasting, capacity planning and management, data center planning and management, implement state-of-the-art techniques, and continuously improve the accuracy of forecasts and plans for all of Microsoft’s global on-line services. Responsibilities This Software Engineer will be joining a team a world-class Developers/Data Engineers/ Data Scientists, and will be responsible for Software and Data Engineering activities, leveraging both Microsoft internal and Azure cloud computing platforms and services. He/she will support the transformation of our on-line services demand forecasting analytics and planning activities by developing data ingest pipelines, ADL/ADW/Hadoop data stores, Azure services, working with data scientists and engineers to operationalize cutting edge statistical and ML models on top of Databricks & Spark. If you are a software engineer with strong data engineering interests and skills, this is the team for you. Qualifications Experience Required: 3+ years experience with COSMOS/ADL/Hadoop/Spark 3+ years experience C/Java/Python/Scala coding skills Preferred: Strong SQL and/or data warehousing skills Understanding and experience in specifying and building big data stores for data science or machine learning BS and/or MS in an area such as computer science, computer engineering, machine learning, or similar engineering field Experience with Azure (SQL Azure/ADW/ADF/Cloud services) Experience with R coding Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check every two years. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.