Job Category Customer Success Group Job Details Are you as passionate about creating solutions as you are about providing an exceptional experience for every customer? MuleSoft's nascent Customer Success team is looking to add a Customer Success Architect (CSA) to their organization to help us further define new processes, structures, and positions while guiding our customers to thrive and grow on MuleSoft’s Anypoint Platform. As a MuleSoft CSA, you will work closely with our most strategic accounts to understand their business challenges and identify how MuleSoft Anypoint Platform can help create a solution that will allow their business to be more agile, flexible, and successful. You will help to advance integration maturity and cost-effectiveness by providing guidance around common patterns, centralized management, shared infrastructure, technical leadership, and other best practices. You will also work with customers to set up centers for enablement, including the identification of MuleSoft experts, knowledge and code repositories, and reusable components. What you’ll achieve: 3 months: Master the Anypoint products and quickly establish your credibility across the organization Review our existing industry go-to-market strategy and product roadmap and identify patterns that have promoted a successful enterprise connectivity model in existing customers Learn the business challenges and opportunities of your future accounts Engage with your book of customers, understand their current and future projects, and begin to add value Overhaul our pre-sales and technical sales enablement assets e.g. demos, whitepapers, etc. 12 months: Test new strategies in the field, together with our pre-sales and sales teams, and revise in accordance with their feedback and geographical differences Be ingrained across the company as the subject matter expert to go to when it comes to your specific industry or area of expertise, particularly with regards to technical matters Develop sufficient understanding of our strategic objectives and what is needed for us to be successful; apply knowledge to proactively drive your own work agenda from here on out Build the internal and external support community through public speaking about industry and technology trends and successful engagements, published papers, and training/knowledge transfer to client and systems integrators What you’ll need to be successful: Ability to evaluate architecture and infrastructure to uncover technical needs. Based on these discoveries, make recommendations for improvement with different lines of business while making use of the MuleSoft platform and supporting applications Experience with using a JAVA IDE (Eclipse, Intelli J, Netbeans) along with Tomcat, XML, JMS, API design and management, and SOA/Integration technologies Comfortable multitasking across parallel work streams, juggling different roles and priorities in each Deeply motivated by making customers successful and expanding their use of MuleSoft products and services This position will require 20%-50% travel to meet at customer sites About MuleSoft, a Salesforce company Our mission is to help organizations change and innovate faster by making it easy to connect the world’s applications, data, and devices. Companies like Spotify, McDonald’s, and Unilever rely on MuleSoft to stay agile, deliver faster, and make the most of their IT investment with API-led connectivity. Hiring exceptional people who want to build a great company together is our number one priority, and we’re committed to providing an equal opportunity workplace where everyone is supported and inspired to do their best work. We work tirelessly to build this culture, and we’re proud to have been named the 1 Top Workplace in the Bay Area and a best place to work 6 years in a row. Posting Statement Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.