What part will you play? Warner Bros. Technology seeks a Cloud & Collaboration Systems Architect for the Workplace Technologies & Architecture Department to drive and lead several cloud based initiatives. This person must have experience leading in designing and delivering agile and cost-effective solutions leveraging the service offerings from Microsoft Azure, Office 365, Box, Amazon AWS or equivalent market counterparts for large enterprise environments. The individual should have the leadership, technology skills and experience to lead the efforts to modernize existing information architecture and systems. Vision, design and architect strategy of WB’s cloud platforms. Establish frameworks, providing governance principals, promotion cloud adoption and best practices. Architect and lead the implementation of a highly scalable cloud apps and systems deployment initiatives. Manage, Architect and lead overall security frameworks and practices as they pertain to the department platforms. Lead, manage, and mentor the Business Technologies and Workplace Solutions Team in cloud and collaboration systems technologies. Develop standards, governance principals, frameworks and adoption methodologies tailored to IaaS, SaaS and PaaS and Serverless deployments. Map workplace technology technical suite of applications and service offerings to business objectives with an emphasis on, Box, SharePoint Online, OneDrive, Skype for Business, Yammer, Exchange Online, Microsoft Teams and Slack. Partners with client and portfolio owners to define and drive technology roadmaps for key business-related technology solutions. What do we require from you? Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience is required Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience required. Minimum 5 years of experience designing and delivering public cloud solutions for AWS, Azure, Box Office 365 or other industry counterparts. Minimum 3 years of experience with PowerShell scripting for architecture automation. Experience in SharePoint application development. Experience with enterprise content management, business connectivity and search solutions. Experience with Office 365 system integration with business data systems and data segments. Expert problem solver with significant experience troubleshooting cloud-related issues. Experience integrating enterprise platforms. Strong ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences. Expert in Corporate Identity management and Identity services implementation. Expertise with PaaS hosting and app deployment model. Experience with DevOps principals including but not limited to “Infrastructure as code, CI/CD, chatops and sysops principals. Experience with public cloud hosting services for Microsoft Azure and Amazon AWS. Mastery in Office 365 deployment, implementation and functional usage across the entire enterprise.