Cloud Architect Seattle, WA _About the Role. . ._ This is a great opportunity for you to exercise significant influence in working with development teams and fellow architects to collaboratively define and champion cloud and microservices best practices, design patterns, and architectures. _You_ _Are_ _…._ Interested in providing thought leadership in areas such as : Internet-of-Things, server-less, containerized deployments, Big Data and machine learning. Designing new cloud solutions for your clients Working closely with business stakeholders, lead engineers, Cloud Ops, and Cloud Security to design solutions through the full life cycle from conception to market by designing the solution with prototyping and light development Demonstrating thought leadership in AWS cloud computing in a full CI/CD/CT/CS pipeline of microservices based on Spring Cloud Demonstrating profound experience in Agile methodologies, both in practice and in coaching/mentoring/teaching others Providing expertise and leadership in security in the cloud space _Qualifications. . ._ AWS Architecture: AWS Architect Associate certification is a must. Experience deploying cloud infrastructure in PROD End-to-end encryption and key management experience Data retention best practices knowledge Experience in architecting systems comprising one or more of the following: Cassandra, Kafka, Kinesis, Redis, Gemfire, AWS SQS, DynamoDB Application Development: Spring Boot, Spring Cloud BONUS for Node.js experience Diagramming: UML certification preferred, plus experience in Sequence Diagrams, Deployment Diagrams, and State Diagrams Networking Experience: must have strong understanding of DNS, ALB vs ELB use cases, HAProxy use cases and limitations, Firewall configuration, API gateway use cases, WAF use cases, Routing, and troubleshooting connectivity BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related software engineering field, or equivalent practical experience Experience in the business technology market and expertise in working closely with varied teams in cloud computing or related technical fields. Comfortable talking about technical things with business people and business things with technical people. Able to express complex concepts in plain language to reach broader audiences. Ability to craft a compelling message and tailor it for a given audience. Ability to mix deep technical expertise with simple, everyday language to deliver a story that is memorable and useful. _About Logic20/20. . ._ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.