It’s fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! We’re committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business POSITION SUMMARY The Director of Cloud Operations is responsible for the overall day-to-day operations of managing Calabrio Cloud Services including software deployment and upgrades, system setup, system administration, monitoring, incident resolution, problem management, configuration and change management, security management and monitoring, capacity planning, availability management, and disaster recovery. This individual will also develop and implement best practices to manage cloud operations, assists in technical standards development, assists in architecture development, staffing and staff development, and leadership. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provide 24 X 7 operations for CalabrioCloud Services, Disaster Recovery, Scanning and Archiving, Data Repository, and Remote Operations Services Develop and oversee Network Operations, Event Management, Incident Management, Problem/Escalation Management, Configuration Management and Change Management Processes for all CalabrioCloud Services. Ensure successful backup and/or replication of Customer Data in a secure manner. Contribute to and enhance Security policies and procedures for CalabrioCloud Services. Implement System Management Tools to provide monitoring and management of all Cloud infrastructures. Define and report Key Performance Indicators to monitor process health; define and report Customer facing service metrics. Implement and oversee Security policy, monitoring, and guidelines for Calabrio Cloud Services. Conduct System Outage Analysis to prevent the re occurrence of incidents. Implement continuous improvement plans for all services and processes. CORE QUALIFICATIONS Minimum qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the minimum knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.) Five years or more of progressive experience in large complex information systems, Cloud services recommended. Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a must have. Must have strong cloud operations background. Five years or more of IT Service Management, data center, server, and storage management, virtualization, networking, systems management, and/or project management are recommended. Education or equivalent experience in ITIL, PCI-DSS, SAE16, ISO27001, Cobit, and/or HIPAA preferred for this position. Three years or more experience in a leadership role preferred. SUPERVISOR RESPONSIBILITIES Directly manages assigned employee group. Carries out management and supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Bachelor degree in Information Management, Computer Science, or other related field is required for this position CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES Certifications in ITIL considered a plus for this position Certifications in Cloud Technologies considered a plus for this position