We are looking for a human factors and usability engineer with a passion for championing the user to join the User Experience team at HeartFlow. This individual will collaborate closely with product owners, designers, engineers and the risk assessment team to implement our usability protocol company-wide. In this role, the HFE will provide development teams with actionable information that enables their decisions to be more and more data-driven. Your research projects will support HeartFlow’s rapidly growing offering of web, mobile and standalone workstation applications in a healthcare industry ripe with opportunities for embracing user-centered design practices. Job Responsibilities: Build a robust HFE and usability program that applies user-centered design principles in support of a complex medical device Develop formative and summative evaluations and test protocols according to current usability methodologies and standards Assist with the identification of usability objectives and risk analysis as it relates to the use of the product Conduct usability testing on both internal and external product offerings Write human factors and usability reports according to current standards and regulatory body requirements Quantify meaningful findings longitudinally across releases of the same product. Collaborate cross-functionally with design, engineering, and product development groups. Skills Needed: Thorough understanding of user-centered design, heuristic evaluations, design of experiments, usability testing and statistical analysis Strong communication skills and ability to perform within a cross-functional team environment Experience with operating in a regulated environment (e.g., FDA) required People skills and a strong social awareness Ability to multi-task and service multiple concurrent projects. Educational Requirements & Work Experience: Bachelor’s degree required (master’s preferred) in Human Factors Engineering, Cognitive Psychology, Human Centered Design or related field. Minimum 3 years professional experience implementing usability engineering techniques. About HeartFlow, Inc. HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not and will not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items. Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals.