Hiring Manager: Ken SchrappRecruiter: Trisha Brandt x36989 | Please email me after you have applied with an attachment of your resume. Pay Band: 3Employee Referral Information: Employee Referrals should be sent via E-mail to the recruiter who is responsible for filling the position. Make sure to include the job title, job code and the referral's resume. Referrals must be position-specific or no referral award will be given. Internal Background Check Information: Allianz Life requires a current criminal background check on employees applying for an officer level or above internal position. All employees applying for a position requiring securities registrations or officer level and above positions are also required to have a current credit check on file. Please contact HROnCall for further information. Collaborates with a wide range of technical areas (actuarial, IT, compliance and legal) utilizing mathematical and modeling skills to create solutions vital to the accurate and timely execution of operational processes. Designs, maintains, and enhances applications and models essential to the successful completion of administrative responsibilities and requiring advanced integration of product design, administrative systems and regulatory requirements.-Investigates and develops solutions for administrative technical issues. -Assists with training and development of individuals. Peer reviewer of other’s work.-Participates in key initiatives and special projects as assigned.-Documentation of processes, analysis performed and applications built.Requirements: Experience: Required: 3-4 years relevant technical and/or business experience; Intermediate ability demonstrated in: - Microsoft Excel functionality including Visual Basic for Applications - Knowledge of product features and mechanics and their administration systems- Mathematics of Theory of Interest- Data handling and analysis- Creating model requirements from policy language, actuarial documentation and relevant regulatory regulations;- Construction of models Preferred: 2-3 years in operational or actuarial role; Completion of 1 to 2 Certified Actuarial Analyst exam modules EducationFour-year degree required: Mathematics or related field At Allianz, we foster a workplace where every person feels welcome, connected, and valued.