PAY The position pays per union agreement $12.33/hr. ALASKA AIRLINES' STORY Alaska Airlines is one of the most respected names in aviation and flies throughout its namesake state and the Lower 48, as well as to Hawaii, Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica. Our roots date to 1932 and are symbolized by the Alaska Native painted on the tails of our aircraft. Guided by what we call the "Alaska Spirit", we pride ourselves on providing a lifeline to remote communities while delivering renowned service to everyone we fly. This commitment has brought us national and international recognition. We've been honored with a variety of awards by readers of Travel + Leisure, Conde Nast Traveler, USA Today and others. Alaska, with Virgin America, is the premier airline for people on the West Coast, and together with its sister carrier Horizon Air, flies to more than 115 destinations. The two airlines are subsidiaries of Alaska Air Group Inc. (NYSE: ALK) with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. POSITION INFORMATION KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for assisting customers with travel requests by answering incoming calls and matching the features and benefits of Alaska Airlines to the needs of the passengers Answer customer's inquiries regarding all aspects of their travel on Alaska Airlines or one of our travel partners Ability to handle customer questions, complaints, and inquiries with the highest degree of courtesy and professionalism to resolve customer issues with first call resolution Assist customers with technical website and mobile navigation needs Make new reservations and change existing reservations on scheduled domestic and international flights Perform both computer and inbound/outbound telephone related tasks Other duties as assigned Embody the Alaska Spirit and conducts oneself with Professionalism, Integrity, Resourcefulness, and Caring QUALIFICATIONS High School diploma or equivalent required Minimum age of 18 years old Must be authorized to work in the United States Demonstrated proficiency and agility with adopting, utilizing and navigating new and rapidly changing technologies and applications on handheld and other multi-media devices required Demonstrated knowledge and aptitude to use computers and related technology skillfully required Fluent in Spanish highly preferred Proficient keyboard skills required Must have strong customer service skills and a professional and pleasant phone demeanor Must possess exceptional verbal and interpersonal communication skills in order to assist customers and interact with coworkers Proven ability to continually learn and understand changing job-related policies and procedures, company products, services and promotions in an efficient manner required Adaptable to performing work according to set procedures required Excellent attendance and reliability required Must be flexible to work any shift assigned within a 24 hour/day, 7 day/week, 365 day/year operation including weekends, holidays and overtime as needed. Hours could include late nights and early mornings. WORK FROM HOME PROGRAM Agents will be required to work from home; some in-office time is required. Requirements for work from home: agents must live within 100 miles of the call center located in Ken, and within the state of Washington; must establish and maintain designated work area; must maintain at your own expense a dedicated telephone line and high-speed, hard wired internet connection - Minimum connection speeds must be met. THE LOCATION The location for this position is in Seattle, Washington OUR CULTURE - ALASKA AIRLINES For eligible employees, our company offers a unique total rewards package that few companies can match, including insurance coverage for medical, dental and vision care, 401(k) retirement savings plans, monthly and annual incentive bonus plans, time off and a generous employee travel program. Our values reflect who we are at work and in our communities: Own Safety, Do the Right Thing, Be Kind-Hearted, Deliver Performance, and Be Remarkable. Alaska Airlines also fosters a diverse and inclusive culture and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. POSTING INFORMATION A few helpful tips when applying - ~Before applying, we recommend that you clear your browsing history including your temporary internet files and disable pop-up blockers. You can accomplish this by going to the Tools tab. ~Gather your paperwork, including your work history, resume etc. - before you apply to the position. ~ If you would like to include a cover letter, add it as your first page to your resume. Your resume is part of your application and unique to each position you apply to. ~Once in the application, be sure to use the links provided to return to the previous page if needed. The back button is not compatible with our system. Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air do not tolerate discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants are also protected by law. Alaska Airlines y Horizon Air no toleran discriminacion o acoso en base a raza, color, credo, religion, origen nacional, estatus migratorio de residencia o ciudadania, edad, sexo, orientacion sexual, identidad de genero o expresion, estado civil, discapacidad, estado veterano protegido, informacion genetica o cualquier otra base protegida por la legislacion aplicable. Empleados o aspirantes que indaguen, discutan o revelen su compensacion o la remuneracion de otros empleados o aspirantes tambien estan protegidos por ley. Job ID: 32115 Location: Seattle, WA;Kent, WA Full/Part Time: Full-Time Regular/Temporary: Regular