Qualifications 4 year university degree, in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, mathematics or econometrics, economics, ops. research or any related field, e.g. finance) Strong knowledge of statistical approaches, incl. advanced machine learning techniques (e.g., Support Vector Machines, Neural Nets, Deep Learning, Machine Learning) and/or optimization Fluent in two or more programming languages (e.g., R, Python, Julia, SQL, GMPL, or related), and knowledge of typical frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow) Experience with relational databases and data manipulation tools like Oracle, Access, Tableau and Alteryx is a definite plus Strong analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions; experience working with real-world (messy) data Demonstrated enthusiasm, influence and innovation with a passion for automation Ability to work in virtual teams and manage self and work collaboratively with others to jointly derive at the distinctive end products Able to structure new and sometimes ambiguous problems in a way that creates clear deliverables and outputs Proven ability in clearly communicating complex solutions with a distinct customer focus and quality mindset Exceptional attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to describe analytic processes and insights in a clear simple way that resonates with others Strong multi-tasking abilities, flexibility, and patience in a fluid environment Integrity, maturity and ability to adhere to the highest professional standards Significant hands-on work experience in statistical or heavy numerical analyses Data security and governance expertise Who You'll Work With You’ll work with our Client Service Analytics & Measurement team in Waltham, MA. Our Client Analytics and Measurement team designs and executes projects supporting McKinsey’s client mission to help our clients make distinctive, lasting, and substantial improvements in their performance. The team is a collection of bright, highly motivated researchers with varied backgrounds focused on driving insight and action around key strategic issues at McKinsey. You'll work in a highly collaborative environment, and partner with other teams within the firm to deliver meaningful innovation in people analytics. You will also be fully integrated in the Waltham Firm Finance Team that provides a broader community and development opportunities on a day to day basis. What You'll Do You will be responsible for data integration and process automation for a fast-paced and transformational team. You will also be responsible for the support and maintenance of critical infrastructure. You will work closely with McKinsey's IT and business organizations on strategic initiatives across the people systems space. You'll have the opportunity to leverage your passion for using technology to transform processes and you'll proactively stay up to date on technology trends. This role will provide you with the chance to further strengthen and develop your skills through exposure to an inspiring group of firm leaders, the opportunity to build a global network, a distinctive blend of data structuring, analyses and problem solving, and focus on implementation. To be successful, we expect that you establish yourself as a core member of the team whose expertise and insights effectively contribute to the priorities and whose positive collaborative attitude and sense of humor contributes to our team spirit.