Position Objective Clover Park Technical College celebrates the many individuals that make up our community and embraces the opportunity to learn from both our differences and similarities. This position has been designated as a bargaining unit position represented by IUOE Local 286. Do you enjoy variety in your workday and working outdoors? Do you take pride in being able to problem solve, repair and fix problems? The Utility Worker has the opportunity to grow their mechanic and grounds skills by assisting with a range of duties on campus. Clover Park Technical College is looking for a full-time (40 hours per week) Utility Worker. The Utility Worker performs a variety of tasks for multiples services, including maintenance, custodial and warehouse operations within the Facilities department. This crucial position has an important role into maintaining the health, appearance and cleanliness standards of the college. Clover Park Technical College is located in Lakewood, Washington. Our college has a rich history of professional and technical education. Its history dates back to the 1940s, when the Clover Park School District established a War Production program, training civilians as auto mechanics, aircraft-service mechanics, ship-fitters, welders and blueprint readers. Now, Clover Park Technical College offers more than forty programs in aerospace, advanced manufacturing, health sciences, human services, business, hospitality, science technology, engineering, transportation and trades. Clover Park Technical College has two campuses: our main campus is located in Lakewood, WA and our South Hill Campus is located just south of Puyallup, WA. Learn more about CPTC by visiting About Clover Park Technical College. The Utility Worker performs minor repairs, assists mechanics with preventative maintenance of HVAC systems, and assists the warehouse operator in cases of warehouse staffing shortages. The Utility Worker may also assist custodial services with cleaning tasks as needed and landscape & grounds personnel with such tasks as collection and disposal of leaves and debris, cleaning sidewalks and roofs and shoveling snow/dispensing ice melt as needed. Duties and Tasks (Essential Functions) Perform minor maintenance tasks, respond to emergency, custodial and maintenance calls, assist as needed to support the operations of the college Replace lamps, ballasts and light fixtures as needed. Hang pictures, clocks and other wall items and patch and paint walls as needed. Adjust door closers so they open and close properly and adjust lock systems as needed. Repair office furniture as needed. Perform other minor maintenance-related tasks as needed. Repair minor plumbing fixtures such as faucets and p-traps. Grease and lubricate parts as needed. Check and add chemicals to HVAC systems as needed. Assist mechanics with other preventative maintenance care as necessary. Find the source of and take immediate corrective action to repair leaks. Alert other maintenance staff is assistance is needed. Assist mechanics with other preventative maintenance care as necessary. Find the source of and take immediate corrective action to repair leaks. Alert other maintenance staff if assistance is needed. Clean spills, dry and deodorize or disinfect as necessary. Respond to other maintenance and custodial services-related calls as needed. Perform warehouse duties as needed in the absence of the warehouse operator. Receive, sign for and properly log packages and materials delivered daily to the warehouse. Assist the warehouse operator with moving furniture and other objects between buildings, to/in classrooms and to/in offices. Assist with other warehouse tasks as needed. Using proper tools and equipment, including gasoline-powered equipment, assist with collection and disposal of leaves, debris and other vegetation on campus. Assist with cleaning roofs, gutters and sidewalks as needed and dispose of debris. Keep roofs, gutters and drains clear and clean. Shovel and remove snow from walkways and building entrances and spread ice-melt as needed to keep the campus safe for employees and students. Follow all safety regulations for tools and equipment at all times. Perform other grounds/landscape tasks as assigned. Maintain the cleanliness of assigned at all times. Keep tools and equipment clean and organized within the assigned vehicle. Operate assigned vehicle safety at all times and follow all Federal, State and College rules and regulations concerning the safe operation of college vehicle both on and off campus. Minimum Qualifications A minimum of a high school diploma or GED. Basic knowledge of general mechanics. Must speak, read and write fluently in English. Ability to work as a team member and with a variety of different employees to complete a task. Task oriented and aptitude for problem solving by assessing and determining best solutions Eagerness to learn and ability to follow guided instruction Must possess a Washington State Driver's License, vehicle insurance and a safe driving record. Preferred Qualifications Successful completion of a technical/trade training program and customer service in building maintenance. Demonstrated knowledge and use of Windows-based current Microsoft Office applications. Click the link to the Utility Worker application for full details and apply today. Supplemental Information Attach the following documents with your completed on line application and answer the Supplemental Questions to be considered for this position. Should you have any difficulties uploading your documents, please contact Neogov technical support at 1-855-524-5627 Mon-Fri 6 am-6 pm pacific time. All offers of employment at Clover Park Technical College are contingent on a clear background check. Equal Opportunity Employer: Clover Park Technical College is an equal opportunity employer and committed to principles of diversity. We consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, marital status, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information or status as a disabled veteran or Vietnam-era veteran. Jeanne Cleary Statement: Notice of Availability of Annual Security Report: Clover Park Technical College's Annual Security Report is available online at http://www.cptc.edu/risk/safety/security This report contains mandated information about current campus policies concerning safety and security issues, required statistics and related information from the past two calendar years. To obtain a paper copy of the report call 253-589-5633/253-861-6464 or online at http://www.cptc.edu/risk/safety/security