Customer Service Rep III Work under the direction of the Group Manager with limited supervision and considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment; serves as technical consultant for Texas Electronic Registrar (TER) issues throughout the Unit. Performs complex technical and efficient customer service by receiving customer requests for assistance via email, telephone, and in person. Work is fast paced in a help desk environment. Monitor, process, and troubleshoot incoming requests for assistance in accordance with all applicable statutes, policies and procedures, making technical and judgmental decisions regarding routine and non-routine circumstances. Work requires an extensive knowledge and understanding of all group policies and procedures, the TER system, and familiarity with unit rules and regulations relating to job duties. Maintains accurate reporting of all work performed for use in production reports. Perform other duties as assigned by Program Manager and/or Program Specialist Team Lead. Essential Job Functions: Attend work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. (65%) Serve as Support Specialist. Respond to incoming telephone calls and emails, providing complex technical advice and assistance to our customers. Interpret and explains rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Unit. Diagnose and resolve technical software issues. Research questions using available information resources. Advise users on appropriate action to resolve issues. Follow standard help desk procedures. Redirect problems to appropriate source when necessary. Identify and escalate situations requiring urgent attention. Track and route problems and requests and document resolutions. Assist internal customers in locating specific records needed to process their customer requests. (20%) Enroll new system users and maintains existing users in the Texas Electronic Registrar (TER) system according to Program policies and procedures, utilizing various software systems and processes. Ensure integrity of TER user population by validating and monitoring users and user activity. Make moderately complex technical decisions regarding TER systems. (10%) Log all help desk interactions. Prepare activity reports. Stay current with system information, changes, and updates. (5%) Perform various related duties as assigned. Duties include processing removals of records as needed and assisting with training of other Group staff that perform related activities. Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of Texas Vital Statistics Statutes. Knowledge of Texas Vital Statistics policies and procedures. Skills to operate a computer and utilize software such as Word, Excel, Windows, Outlook and Texas Electronic Registrar. Skills in verbal and written communication. Skill in identifying program improvement needs and providing effective technical assistance while maintaining strong relationships with stakeholders. Skill in providing prompt and courteous customer service; Ability to determine user’s level of understanding and instruct appropriately to that level. Ability to communicate well both verbally and in written fashion, and communicate to different levels of understanding. Ability to communicate (verbally and in writing) with diverse professionals, customers, government officials and the general public in a clear and diplomatic manner. Ability to provide written and verbal instructions to explain policies and procedures. Ability to define problems and make appropriate decisions. Ability to assess workflow and resolve workflow issues. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with staff and managers. Ability to work with confidential records/files/information. Ability to work independently and under minimal supervision Ability to make decisions in a fast paced and deadline-oriented environment. Ability to interpret Texas Vital Statistics Law, policies, procedures and regulations. Ability to compose correspondence utilizing Texas Vital Statistics terminology and standard business English. Ability to sit and answer the telephone with a headset for extended periods of time. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited high school or GED. Three (3) years of relevant work experience providing customer service via direct contact, email, or by telephone. One (1) year of relevant work experience providing customer service in a Contact Center, Call Center, or Help Desk environment. Relevant work experience using computers and Microsoft Office Software (Word, Outlook, and Excel). Relevant work experience in composing correspondence. Relevant work experience working with confidential records. Additional Information: Selected applicant must submit to a fingerprint based criminal background check upon offer of employment. Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information, see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx Requisition 382803 MOS Code: 0134 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.