Business Development Specialist Softengine Inc. Softengine, Inc. is an SAP Gold Partner & 5-Star Netsuite partner that provides technology consulting services to optimize businesses. Being a pioneer of ERP Cloud-based service, we continue to deliver the edge of technology, while producing innovative products and expanding our network of partnerships. As a fast-growing company, we offer dynamic opportunities to expand the scope of your responsibilities and show your real leadership. Softengine is a supportive team of bright people that creates industry vertical enterprise software enabling our clients to run all their critical business operations in the most efficient way. Job Summary: The Business Development Specialist's main responsibilities will be to establish relationships with prospective customers to promote the company's products and services and to improve the company's public relations through a professional business image and brand awareness. This role does require travel to trade shows and/or conferences. Requirements: Understanding sales cycle Full knowledge of the lead qualification process Exceptional skills related to lead and demand generation Preferred Skills: Software Sales - 1+ year Former experience as a Business Developer for ERPs is highly preferred Highly self-motivated and proactive High energy, Outgoing Excellent communication skills Quick to form positive rapport with others Act as the face of the company at trade shows, consumer shows, and conferences Ability to represent our brand in a highly positive, attractive manner Open availability on weekends Willing to travel, both locally and nationally Has reliable transportation Motivated to earn a generous compensation based on performance Experience as a brand ambassador or promotional model not required but a plus! Benefits/Culture: Our company provides a great benefits package which includes a variety of medical insurance options at 100% coverage, vision and dental at 100% coverage for employee and family, 401K participation and various attainable bonus plans. Our working environment promotes a strong a team-based spirit, driven to make happy customers by providing excellent implementation and services and ensuring that every employee achieves their goals and wins outstanding bonus- rewards. _ This job is in the company HQ in Woodland Hills, CA (Los Angeles greater area)_ _ Direct Employment only (no consultants/freelance)_ _ Softengine utilizes background screening and reference checks per the company's hiring protocol_