IT BUSINESS ANALYST (1057) _If you are a looking for a role focused on planning and designing systems in support of organizational functionality and enhanced business process_ _then please read on!_ Parametrix, a 100% employee-owned, premier NW engineering, planning and environmental sciences consulting firm, is seeking a full-time IT BUSINESS ANALYST to join our Puyallup, WA location. We are looking for a talented professional to join our Information Technology Division. This position will assist in the planning, design and implementation of efficient business, financial and operational tools and systems. Successful candidates will support the planning, design, development and deployment of new applications and enhancements to existing applications. This position requires a keen ability to understand, define, clarify, and translate business requirements into design specifications. This position will have the opportunity to manage projects of varying size and complexity. WHO YOU ARE: 3+ years of IT related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience with a proven track record of exemplary communication skills and client service. Solid understanding of business operations and experience working with stake holders and customers across different organizational departments. Experience managing projects in an IT environment and the ability to pivot and multitask across priorities. Mastery of SQL/T-SQL in the support of application/database development and data analysis tasks. Experience developing custom reports based on business requirements using SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS). Experience using data integration tools in the development/maintenance of custom extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) processes. Experience using SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) preferred. Ability to provide orientation and technical training of applications when required. Maintain, improve and develop reporting solutions and data integrations as needed (typically using Excel, T-SQL, SSRS or SSIS). Ability to troubleshoot both technical and business process problems. Exposure to Microsoft SQL stack (Management Studio, Integration Services, Reporting Services and Analysis Services). 3 years’ experience understanding data models, writing SQL queries, using Excel components including Microsoft Query, Pivot tables and VBA. Working in Visual Studio a plus. Knowledge of developing in and for cloud-based solutions preferred. WHAT WE OFFER: Fun, Friendly and Dedicated Professional Team Employee Ownership and Employee Stock Contribution Competitive salary and signing bonuses, relocation assistance and individual performance bonuses _Please apply directly online through our website to requisition 1057._ www.parametrix.com Parametrix _Inspired People… Inspired Solutions… Making a Difference._ It is our company policy and culture to provide equal opportunity to all persons based on ability and fitness to perform job duties regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.