OVERALL SUMMARY The Production Maintenance Technician will repair, maintain and provide technical and operational support for all networking, production, and related post-production equipment within HBO Studio. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Maintaining, repairing troubleshooting all Evertz, Avid, Graphic and Post Audio related issues (servers and editors). The position requires extensive knowledge of Windows, Linux and Mac OS. Technician will have a strong understanding of video routing – (baseband, video over IP and IP routing set up and configuration), Omnitek, EEG close captioning solutions, television production systems and timing relationships with various pieces of equipment. Position may also be called upon to assist in the design and implementation of certain projects when needed. REQUIREMENTS College degree in Computer Science or equivalent job experience At least 5 years professional experience in a similar capacity Subject Matter Expert in Evertz products including Magnum, Vista Link, insight, SDVN, PTP and standards like SMPTE 2110 Strong understanding of video and audio signal formats such as 1080i, 720p, UHD/HDR and the various frame rates associated with these formats Must demonstrate proficiency in the application and use of analog and digital television test equipment such as WFM/VS, EEG, Omnitek Ultra TQ, rasterizers including Phabrix and Leader. Must be able to identify and isolate network or signal flow problems, as well as install and configure complex post production video and audio processing systems Proficient with Windows, Mac OS and Linux Operating Systems. Understanding of networking concepts including routing, subnetting etc. VMware, Horizon and server/workstation virtualization Avid (Interplay, ISIS, Capture, Media Central, Media Composer) Adobe Creative Cloud and third party hardware Candidates must possess excellent written/verbal communication, problem solving and analytical skills. Proficiency with Microsoft Office, CAD and Visio is required. Must be flexible and adaptable to changing requirements and schedules, work independently with minimal supervision. Strong interpersonal skills and adeptness at building relationships with all technical and operational areas across HBO.