Job Description Connected Vehicle Platform & Product is seeking an Electric Vehicle (EV) Feature Engineer develop our future next generation of EV connectivity solutions across multiple mobile applications and into new geographical markets. As a feature lead, you will be responsible for identifying, documenting, sharing across multiple cross functional teams the next generation of EV connected solutions and integration into mobile apps. These features provide the latest vehicle status and charge information, create smart charge profiles, provide trip planning solutions, solve range anxiety and essentially integrate the app into an EV owner's lifestyle. Primary responsibilities: Lead electric vehicle feature development into our next generation apps and into new geographical markets Work with strategic teams to migrate features to new vehicle programs. Resolve any open design questions during development process Work closely with component owners to write product requirement and functional specifications. Define end to end architecture and specifications from vehicle to cloud to app. Ensure compatibility within eco-system, consider impacts on existing platform components and other features. Work with Verification teams, Plants & Customers to Triage/ Root Cause / Resolve Issues Maintain open requirements issue list, review, track and report on progress Issue change requests when necessary, champion CR’s through the process and ensure all impacted documents are updated upon approval of CRs Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering 2+ years of technical specification writing experience 2+ years of systems engineering experience The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.