IS Support, Facilities Administrator As a key member of the Information Technology Department, this position is responsible for providing support across all business units at Epson’s San Jose facility. This person must have a passion for customer service, a friendly and helpful attitude, and be comfortable working in a fast-paced high tech environment. This candidate will partner with IT peers to ensure successful deployment of IT technologies. The team’s mission is to provide and ensure high integrity and consistent delivery of services for both desktop support and basic system administration capacity. Principal Accountabilities: Provides system, phone system, program application, and hardware support to all end users of MIS equipment for San Jose location. Manages staff databases, inventory list, maintains and updates a publication library of current procedures and processes to provide support for all data and voice systems internally Identifies and makes recommendations on all new software and hardware requests as per corporate guidelines. (Example: new procedures, databases, forms and applications etc.). Administers the implementation of new technologies and applications and in-house applications as per company standards. Oversees updates and changes to telephone system and performs daily and weekly backup of datac and telecomm equipment. Responsible for the overall IS/Facilities management of ECC including: building maintenance, building security activities and any operations projects. Ensures projects are completed in accordance with project schedules and specifications. (Example: Arranges for contractors for the installation, maintenance and repair of electrical, data and telecomm hardware and connectivity in the office). Interfaces with support and system personnel regarding the ongoing and future operation of data and telecomm systems. Identifies and tracks issues within the company, assess and makes recommendation on all new software and hardware requests. Supervise the IS Dept. and ensure that the staff and resources are well directed to support corporate objectives. Responsible for adhering to all the environmental policies and procedures of Epson America as it pertains to the activities of this job. Is the primary on-call for all facilities, security, data and telecom issues at building. What we look for: Certifications: MSCA preferred but not required. 3+ years of experience in the Desktop Support field A solid understanding of Mac and Windows operating systems Working knowledge of Active Directory, VMware, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VPN as it relates to desktop support Demonstrated ability to support networked printers, scanners and photocopiers Demonstrated ability of user account management Demonstrated working knowledge of current communications devices and protocols for desktop technologies Ability to manage multiple projects, activities and tasks simultaneously Facilitation and change management skills Highly developed verbal and written communications Strong skills in documentation writing Ability to prioritize tasks Must have outstanding customer service skills, professionalism and great attitude Must be able to work flexible hours, be willing to travel and be assigned to on-call rotation when necessary Epson America, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability and protected veteran status, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.