We are LAUSD. We are at the forefront of innovation in public schools, with the serious work of tailoring the learning environment to better serve our community. Here, you will have the opportunity to exercise your potential in the business of education. We are technical professionals, skilled workers, support staff, executives, and community champions. We do our jobs with a sense of integrity, accountability, and pride in shaping the future. Our contributions here impact our number one customers - the 600,000 plus K-12 students of LAUSD. With over 1,000 job titles to choose from, build your rewarding career here by joining nearly 30,000 employees, and achieve new levels of success in your career! Benefits Insurance: Paid premiums for your choice of several medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans. Retirement: Membership in the California Public Employee Retirement System (CalPERS). Vacation: Two weeks of paid vacation to start. Three weeks after five years of year-round paid service. Paid Holidays: 12 days. Job Duties/Responsibilities Some of the primary job duties performed by job incumbents, will require that he/she: Tends lawns and turf on athletic fields by mowing, reseeding, edging, fertilizing, renovating, and weeding. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org Plants and tends trees, shrubs, annuals, perennials, and ground covers by cultivating, pruning and shaping, staking, fertilizing, mulching, weeding, transplanting, and removing hazardous or unnecessary growth. Operates power equipment including but not limited to mowers, edgers, hedge trimmers, weed trimmers, chain saws, back blowers, utility tractors, rototillers, and renovators. Adjusts and performs minor maintenance on tools and power equipment. Checks safety hazards in planted areas of a school campus, prepares reports, and performs appropriate repairs. Maintains, adjusts, and makes minor repairs on lawn sprinkler systems. Keeps drains and flow lines in planted areas free from debris. Assists in laying out and marking athletic and recreation fields. Applies fertilizers and soil amendments. Sets out traps for pests. This is not an exhaustive list. For an exhaustive list, please visit our career page @ lausdjobs.org Minimum Requirements Education: Graduation from high school or evidence of equivalent educational proficiency. Successful completion of four courses in horticulture, agriculture, or related subjects in a high school, college, adult, or vocational school may be substituted for six months of the required experience. Experience: One year of paid experience in general maintenance gardening including care of lawns, trees, shrubs, hedges, ground covers, and flowers. Special: A valid California Driver License. Use of an automobile. Special Physical Requirements: Safely lift and move tools, equipment, and materials related to the work Ability to kneel and squat for extended periods of time Desirable Qualifications The ideal candidate will possess extensive knowledge of: Plant materials such as ground covers, turf areas, weeds, trees, and shrubs Methods, materials, tools and power equipment used in the care of lawns, turf, trees, shrubs, hedges, ground cover, and flowers grown in Southern California Further, the ideal candidate will also possess the ability to: Safely operate and make minor repairs to power equipment Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org Plant and prune trees, shrubs, hedges, ground cover, and flowers Set out traps Deal effectively with District personnel, students, and the public Employment Selection Process The selection process for this position will tentatively consist of a computerized multiple choice exam and a performance exam. Please Note: Candidates who have taken the multiple-choice written test or performance test for this assessment within the last four (4) months, will be ineligible to participate in any test part within that time period. Candidates who successfully pass the written test will be able to certify their scores for that test portion of the assessment. Please be sure to include correspondence from @lausd.net as an approved sender so that messages aren't accidentally placed into your spam/junk e-mail folder. For more information about the LAUSD employment assessment process, visit the 'My LAUSD Career' section of our website at http://www.lausdjobs.org . Application Process DO YOU NEED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE WITH THE ON-LINE APPLICATION? Please visit www.lausdjobs.org and click on "help desk service request form" located to the left of the Quick Links. To find out whether the application deadline has been extended, visit the website at: http://www.lausdjobs.org . The Los Angeles Unified School District intends that all qualified persons shall have equal opportunities for employment and promotion. Reasonable accommodations in completing an application and testing are available to individuals with disabilities. Please call (213) 241-3455 for more information. Additional Posting Information Selection and promotion are based on a competitive employment assessment process. Candidates who pass all parts of the assessment process are placed on a hiring (eligibility) list based on their assessment score. Hiring departments may make job offers to candidates on the top three ranks of the hiring list. Eligibility typically lasts for 12 months. The hiring list resulting from this assessment process may be used to fill open positions in related job classifications. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org