Want to work in a highly collaborative, co-located product team, dedicated to delivering world class client experiences? Are you passionate about innovation and developing engaging user experiences? We are seeking a talented UX Strategist who is self-motivated, driven by a desire to improve the client experience, and who loves working in an empowered team environment to deliver valuable products and services. In this role, you will be expertly leading and directing the interaction design strategy (web, mobile, applications) for the end user/investor of a specific client journey. Duties and Responsibilities Creates world-class strategies for a wide range of user, business and marketing goals by leading program-level initiatives. Defines complex problems expertly by using research, conceptualization (sketches/wireframes), visual design, information architecture, interaction, and by having a precise eye for detail on the execution. Delivers intuitive, engaging, and elegant experiences. Works in partnership with cross-divisional teams and senior leaders. Takes into account every aspect of the user’s experience, business and marketing goals to coordinate and deliver design, prototype, documentation, and strategy to the highest possible standards. Designs inspirational, useful, and usable experiences by placing the client/investor first while balancing business and marketing needs. Has expert knowledge in user-centered design principles, visual design, user behavior, interactions and Vanguard’s brand. Oversees the project team on day-to-day operations of project deliverables, and problem resolution. Coordinates project schedules, assignments and work flows. Develops and leverages the professional network to foster collaboration across the enterprise, to support company-wide initiatives, and to improve the ability of the department in resolving issues. Uses a variety of qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques to continually improve the user experience. Analyzes data and client feedback in order to make critical design decisions. Utilizes expert understanding of the latest technology and devices (including programming languages, network infrastructure, processes, web and mobile application development) to produce technically achievable and efficient interactive solutions. Expertly presents and “sells” design solutions to senior management, project teams, partners, and stakeholders. Ensures the success of the strategy and the ability to champion the best possible user experience. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. The Ideal Candidate Should Possess: Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience in a creative or technical field. Graduate degree preferred. Minimum five years industry/field experience. Interactive web design experience. Expert in all areas of user experience design (information architecture, interaction design, visual design, prototype engineering, content, user experience). A high degree of creativity, empathy, passion, and problem-solving ability. In-depth knowledge of market research, competitive landscape, and test methods (A/B, multivariate testing). Proven experience solving complex communication problems and designing world-class experiences for large-scale programs. Expert communication skills (story-telling, visualization) and the ability to get buy-in on those ideas within a large organization. A deep understanding of user experience design (design, architecture, development, technology, end-users). Proven ability to lead a team and program level initiatives to success. Ability to turn failures into successes. Proven experience in using data (both quantitative and qualitative) analysis techniques to inform design. Special Factors Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position. Portfolio or examples of work is required.