ARS Rescue Rooter of Austin Texas has an immediate opening for a Licensed Plumbing Service Manager. The ideal candidate should have a strong business acumen and results driven attitude. We offer a competitive compensation package that ranges between ($75k and $85k) depending on experience. We also offer and a full range of benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), life and long-term disability insurance and much more. PRIMARY FUNCTION: The Plumbing Service Manager leads staff members who install, repair and maintain plumbing in both residential and commercial buildings. The manager will routinely work directly with service and install technicians, dispatch personnel and other managers to ensure customer satisfaction while meeting departmental goals and objectives. As a senior company representative, the Plumbing Service Manager will often communicate directly with customers, vendors and suppliers to ensure accurate communication of job or project status and requirements. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Including but not limited too: Supervises and delegates service employees, which includes assisting in hiring and disciplining of employees, scheduling employees, setting work priorities, conducting staff meetings, counseling and training employees, completing time sheets, evaluating performance and supervising work assignments to ensure effective operations. Coach and motivate technicians to work at their maximum productivity; coach, train and develop technicians to increase work and sales skills. Review and audit technician paperwork daily; ensure that all equipment is in proper operating condition, to include maintaining high quality appearance of vans and equipment. Oversee the dispatch function for our Plumbing service techs to ensure the appropriate technician is selected based on customer needs. Provide technical support for the Plumbing technicians. Resolves customer issues and complaints to ensure customer satisfaction. Project management, assists the General Manager in with data collection and report preparation. Conducts site surveys. Job Requirements BASIC QUALIFICATIONS (INCLUDING EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS): Must be a Licensed Plumber Have at least 3 years Previous Management Experience. Minimum of 3 years of technical plumbing experience or knowledge, and a background of successfully leading a fast-paced operations organization. Equal Opportunity Employer AA/EOE/M/F/V/D. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, ARS-Rescue Rooter may provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities and encourages both prospective and current employees to discuss potential accommodations with the employer.