Ramsey County currently has two IS Technical Architect vacancies, one supporting the County's Cisco Network and another supporting Microsoft Azure. The Network Architect we are seeking will be a customer savvy architect that assists application owners to design and identify technical network specifications for new and upgraded solutions supporting the County. They will partner with Ramsey County infrastructure teams to establish and manage Microsoft Azure hosted solutions. They will lead problem investigations to find root cause and prescribe corrective actions for resolution. They will partner with Information Security office to establish and implement network security best practices. The Microsoft Azure Architect we are seeking will be a customer savvy architect that assists application owners to design and identify technical specifications for new and upgraded solutions supporting the County. They will partner with Ramsey County infrastructure teams to establish and manage Microsoft Azure hosted solutions. They will lead problem investigations to find root cause and prescribe corrective actions for resolution. They will partner with Information Security office to establish and implement security best practices. Responsible for directing the design, development, and implementation of new business applications, infrastructure, or related security. To the technical architecture, determine which tools and third party software should be used on a project; determine what hardware will be needed for development and production processing based on the business needs of the customers, County standards, and industry best practices; responsible for security review of all new applications; provide technical advice to staff; work with the division managers to develop and maintain technical and security standards including developing and maintaining policies and procedures; and to perform related duties as assigned. To view or print a copy of the complete Ramsey County job (class) description for this job, go to: Job Descriptions. Once at this page, you can browse the alphabetical list or search for a job description. If an internal candidate is selected, salary will be set in accordance with personnel rules (i.e., promotion, transfer, or voluntary reduction). Examples of Work Performed Define the development, testing, and production processing hardware, software or security environments for new systems and major system enhancements. Establish the technical standards for the project. Create the "vision" for the new system or major enhancement. Evaluate and determine feasibility of alternative approaches, designs, and techniques. Oversee the work of project staff to provide guidance and review the quality of their work. Review and evaluate potential technology purchases to determine quality of the design and its ability to run effectively in the County's computing environment. Assist department management in evaluating IS ability to support the system. Work with appropriate technical staff to determine the impact of operating system and third-party software product upgrades on County systems. Work with other senior technical staff to write and implement technical and security standards. Research and evaluate new and emerging technology to determine the benefits and costs to the County. Compare newer technology with current County tools so that management can determine future directions. Participate in the review, selection and purchase of tools; mentor and train other staff in tool usage. Design interfaces and integrations between systems. Identify needed processes and structures to ensure proper system performance. Create tools, templates and patterns to improve productivity. Proactively solve complex problems. Work with other technical staff to determine the best approach for moving data through County firewalls to minimize the risk to the County computer network and computer infrastructure. Develop, test and maintain processes for cloud migration, architecture and support. Analyze, troubleshoot, and investigate information system anomalies based on security platform reporting, network traffic, log files, host based and automated security alerts. Review application and database security for new development projects and for purchased applications. Lead and participate in the review and use of cloud security components, including authentication methods Maintain technical expertise through reviews of emerging technologies and new products, and through continuing education in and study of new system features and upgrades. _(The work assigned to a position in this classification may not include all possible tasks in this work and does not limit the assignment of any additional tasks in this classification. Regular attendance according to the position's management approved work schedule is required.)_ ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS :1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 11, 12 Minimum Qualifications Education : Bachelor's Degree in computer sciences or a closely related field. Experience : Seven years of progressive application development, infrastructure or security experience. Substitution : Additional years of experience above the minimum requirement in application development, infrastructure or security may substitute for each year of education, on a year for year basis. Exam/Screening Process Information The examination process will consist of the following section weighted as indicated: Training and Experience Rating........................................100% Examination/Screening Process: The examination for the IS Technical Architect will consist of a training and experience rating, comprised of the questions in the attached supplemental questionnaire. The rating on this supplemental questionnaire will depend on the answers provided. A candidate must pass the training and experience rating in order to be advanced in the process. Eligible List : The names of all applicants who pass the examination/screening process, and file a properly completed application, shall be placed on the eligible list for employment as an IS Technical Architect. This list will be certified to the appointing authority which may use this list to fill a vacancy. Candidates will remain on the list for three months or until hired, whichever occurs first. A notice will be sent to applicants at the time the eligible list is posted, informing them that the list has been posted and their rank on the list. Veteran's Preference: This is a classified position requiring an open, competitive selection process. Veteran's Preference points will be applied after a candidate passes the examination process. Applicants who are eligible for veteran's preference should update their veteran's DD214, and other supporting documents, and submit them as an attachment at the time of application. To print a paper application for this posting click mirian.simpson@ramseycounty.us or by phone at 651-266-2711.