What sets Bank of the West apart from other banks is our team members–they embody the optimistic spirit of the West. There is a spirit here that drives us to do more. Our team of more than 10,000 employees is vital to the success of our Bank. They reflect our modern western values—straightforward, entrepreneurial and optimistic. We seek to create a corporate culture that fosters and rewards excellence, encourages creative thinking and respects diversity – an environment where team members are engaged, supportive of one another and enthusiastic about serving our customers. Bank of the West offers the stability of a company that has a 135 year history and is part of BNP Paribas, a European leader in global banking and financial services and one of the 6 strongest banks in the world. We offer opportunities across our diverse business lines – Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, National Finance, and Wealth Management. Job Description Summary Responsible for translating business requirements into specific system, application or process designs, including working with business personnel and executives to identify functional requirements and in developing business justification. Essential Job Functions Define strategic vision of the enterprise through the integration of IT architecture solutions, complex design patterns, technical strategy and blueprints which forms the basis for application architecture across the enterprise Define complex architectural strategy and direction of multiple and diverse application /data/network disciplines on a variety of multi-platform systems Develops company business system architecture plans and reviews cost and feasibility of system requests while ensuring the plan supports the strategic needs of the company Develop highly complex solutions that exemplifies quality optimization in regards to reliability, availability, scalability, manageability, flexibility, usability /reusability and high performance Deliver Architecture solutions in a Banking and/or Financial Services environment at the highest-level technical expertise Provides high level mentoring to other Enterprise Architects by educating them on complex architecture approach across their respective business domains Create and present technical information in order to influence and gain the understanding of business as well as technical roles across the organization Lead Enterprise Architects to provide effective consulting on complex projects including RFP technical evaluations for assigned business domain Other Job Duties Lead multifunctional teams in successful application of methodologies and architecture modeling tool Engage with business domains to initiate/lead the engagement after analysis to develop target reference architecture, technical roadmap, strategy and blueprints Performs other duties as assigned. Required Experience Requires highest knowledge and mastery of multiple job areas typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. Viewed as the leading expert and/or resource within the field by peers within and outside the organization. Requires 12 years minimum prior relevant experience. Education Bachelor's Degree Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law. Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran. Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.