We're the driverless car company. We believe in improving people’s lives by making transportation safer, more accessible, and more convenient. We’re building the world’s most advanced software ( https://www.driverless.id/news/video-breakdown-gms-unicorn-cruise- shows-off-level-4-skills-sf-passing-uber-maybe-waymo-0176031/ ) to fuel the driverless cars that safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We seek and embrace diversity in all of its forms. We continuously push ourselves to think differently and take ownership wherever it's needed. This is a place for dreamers and doers to succeed. If you share our passion for achieving what some say is impossible, join us. About the role: Cruise is looking for a Workforce Specialist to support the creation of HD Maps that are the foundation of the AV technology stack. You will work with a large team of Mapping Operations Coordinatiors and Mapping Technicians to ensure our Map production and maintenance projects are implemented effectively and efficiently. You will own all aspects related to managing our Mapping Technician contract workforce - including hiring, training, project deployment, strategic planning, performance evaluation, and ensuring job satisfaction. Interested candidates must have demonstrated experience in managing large, fast-paced operations teams. The ideal candidate will be a strong people manager with experience in developing and executing workforce and operations strategies. Experience working with contract workforces is a strong plus. This position reports to the Head of Mapping Operations. Day-to-day responsibilities include: Manage day-to-day workforce deployment and coordinate HR functions of the Mapping Operations team; meeting deadlines, assigning work, prioritizing use of resources, maintaining high standards, and triaging issues Keep team motivated and aligned with company values and goals; be a strong advocate for Mapping Technician contract workforce and ensure job satisfaction Strategize on short and long-term department goals Use data to monitor, track and evaluate projects; proactively propose and champion process, tooling, and documentation / training improvements Communicate across different groups within Mapping Operations and Engineering, to understand needs and align on priorities Work with Staffing Vendor and internal stakeholders to drive high-level strategy and workforce planning Lead quarterly and annual performance reviews for direct reports and contract workforce Support recruiting, interviewing, hiring and training new team members You may be a good fit if: 7-10 years work experience, ideally in a fast-growing company Bachelor’s degree, preferably in field related to Operations Management Experience leading large team of 30+ employees/contractors Ability to understand and communicate technical concepts Organized, structured thinker that can navigate different projects, tools, and stakeholders and communicate status, progress, issues, and changes to diverse audiences Ability to drive forward solutions in ambiguous environments with limited supervision Analytical and data-oriented with strong quantitative skills; can create and use KPIs, models, and dashboards to monitor complex operations Proficient in Excel and Powerpoint Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Passionate about autonomous technology and its potential impact on the world Bonus Points: MBA from top business school or related advanced degree Experience working with contract workforces Previous experience in geospatial and/or high-tech industry Perks of being a Cruiser: While doing meaningful work is the best perk of all, we also offer the following programs and benefits to support the extraordinary humans who serve as the backbone in making our robot cars go: The opportunity to solve difficult problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications Competitive salary and benefits including 401k Cruise matching program to help you meet your long-term financial goals Medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life Paid parental leave so you can spend time with the newest addition(s) to your family’s fleet Health and Wellness reimbursement Annual Learning and Development stipend Flexible vacation and 10 paid company holidays State of the art equipment for your work station Healthy lunch, dinner, and snacks Take a glimpse through the lens of a Cruiser on our LinkedIn Page ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/cruise-automation-inc-/ ) GM Cruise LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GM Cruise LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Pursuant to applicable laws including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Privacy Statement ( https://getcruise.com/privacy )