What is the opportunity? As a Training & Development Consultant with RBC Wealth Management you will design, develop, deploy and manage Private Client Group training programs and initiatives including an initial focus on compliance and supervision content. What will you do? Design, develop, and maintain impactful eLearning content using Articulate Storyline 360 Development of supporting content and resources for key strategic initiatives and programs Create and maintain training program pages on intranet site and other internal communications Coordinate and manage local, distance and virtual training sessions and calls LMS administration, coordination and reporting What do you need to succeed? Must-have Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent work experience) 2+ years designing and developing engaging eLearning content in Articulate Storyline or similar authoring tool (Articulate Studio, Captivate etc.) 5+ years in a training facilitation or design role Proven dedication to and focus on client service Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to work with SMEs and business partners to assess needs, ask critical questions, negotiate resources, and make appropriate decisions Nice to have: Financial Services experience (Series 7 and 66 a plus) Compliance or regulatory background Voiceover and audio editing experience LMS administration and reporting experience (SuccessFactors/TalentLink a plus) Demonstrated experience coordinating local, distance, and virtual training events and call series (WebEx or other virtual platform) What’s in it for you? We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. Client First: We will always earn the right to be our clients’ first choice Collaboration: We win as One RBC Accountability: We take ownership for personal and collective high performance Diversity & Inclusion: We embrace diversity for innovation and growth Integrity: We hold ourselves to the highest standards to build trust About RBC Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 37 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com. Join our Talent Community Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you. Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers. Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request. JOB SUMMARY City: Minneapolis Address: 60 South 6th Street Work Hours/Week: 40 Work Environment: Office Employment Type: Regular - U.S. Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional Pay Type: Salaried Required Travel (%): 0-25 Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt People Manager: No Application Deadline: 07/31/2018 Req ID: 164429 _Posting Notes:_