Under minimal supervision and following established policies and procedures, performs scientific investigative research and participates in carrying out research objectives. Researches literature in the field. Conducts experiments and collects and analyzes data using various degrees of statistical methodology. Performs duties of a Research Assistant as described in the job description for that position. _PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:_ Plans and sets-up research protocols and conducts experiments following established protocols and research methodology; gathers data for analysis and interpretation of test results. Recruits and obtains informed consent from patients and healthy volunteers and ensures research participants meet all inclusion and exclusion criteria and maintains participant confidentiality according to HIPPA laws. Conducts critical analyses and evaluation of sleep laboratory and psychological data generated on patients and healthy volunteers and maintains and oversees the quality of data collected. Evaluates and scores sleep recordings, interprets, groups data (i.e., patients of different pathological conditions), and maintains study data base. Maintains study library of official documents (i.e., protocol, Institutional Review Board communications, protocol changes, drug dispensing logs). Processes and records samples, orders materials as required per protocol, determines schedule for laboratory assessments as planned per protocol. Orders drugs and maintains drug dispensing logs per study protocol. Makes written progress reports and prepares summaries of data.  Prepares protocol submissions and approval renewals to the Institutional Review Board, informs Institutional Review Board of protocol changes, and makes written progress reports.  Keeps abreast of new techniques and reviews literature in the field pertinent to the area of research. May assist in writing papers for publication and scientific presentations based on research performed. Performs various degrees of statistical analysis related to the experiment. Develops research methodologies within the parameters of experimental protocols and research objectives to allow quantitative and qualitative evaluations and interpretation of data obtained. May assist in the preparation of annual reports and in writing research proposals. Proposes new ideas, discusses and/or advises the feasibility of proposed research.  Performs other related duties as required. _EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE_ : A professional level of knowledge or psychological and/or biological research and familiarity with scientific terminology, Bachelor degree program at an accredited college or university required. Masters degree in Science could be utilized in this position. Requires a working knowledge of statistics, computer applications and research methodologies. _Preferred Skills_ Comfortable reading scientific literature Strong computer skills, especially in Microsoft Excel. Experience with SPSS is a plus. High personal motivation and attention to detail; ability to independently manage tasks and meet deadlines without direct supervision Pay grade G17 Minimum$14.38 “This rate is the minimum pay for the position. Actual compensation will be based on education, years of experience, and other factors at the time of offer.” Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.