Gourmet Cuisine, Inc. creates chef-inspired products for customers that are passionate about food. The company specializes in the customization of outstanding soups, sauces, dressings and jellies for Le Duff America and other retailers and food service providers. The Le Duff America restaurants include la Madeleine, Mimi's Cafe, Brioche Doree and several smaller cafe concepts. Using the freshest ingredients – sourced locally, when possible – Gourmet Cuisine is committed to setting and maintaining the highest standards in food safety and product quality. Gourmet Cuisine, Inc. i s part of the _Groupe LeDuff_ family of business entities. _Groupe LeDuff,_ headquartered in Rennes, France, ranks as Number One in the Café/Bakery category with restaurant brands in 90 countries across 5 continents. The company also has its own production facilities (including CGI) to ensure the finest quality, freshly made products are provided to the company’s many cafés and bakeries. The headquarters of Le Duff America is located in Dallas, TX. Description of Position Title: Quality Assurance Manager Location: Mesquite, TX Reports To: GCI Plant Operations Manager Date: June, 2018 POSITION PURPOSE The Quality Assurance Manager’s primary purpose is to assist in the development of Food Safety and Quality programs and to ensure that they are implemented and adhered to. This includes the validation, verification and documentation of all quality and food safety systems and the leadership of personnel responsible for this function. This position also supports SQF Version 8.0 initiative, and Sanitation Departments. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES & DUTIES Food Safety Actively lead in the HACCP Team in a key support role as the team leader Ensure that all food safety pre-requisite programs are being followed, documented and maintained Ensure that all HACCP Plans are being adhered to and that all monitoring, corrective actions and documentation are complete, accurate and followed according to the HACCP Plan. Assist the HACCP Team in the validation and verification of prerequisite programs and the HACCP Plan. Assist in the training of operations associates in quality and food safety. Assist R&D Department as it relates to food safety and quality of products under development. Evaluate the sanitation department performance and assist in sanitation corrective actions. Collect, maintain and secure all data that relates to Food Safety. Quality Assurance Lead regulatory and 3rd Party Food Safety Audits. Manage the quality assurance activities related to incoming materials, in process testing and monitoring, and finished goods evaluation. Ensure that incoming ingredients and packaging are evaluated for conformance to specifications. Manage the Quality Assurance Laboratory personnel, resources, organization, documentation and testing protocols and procedures. Assist in the training of operations associates in quality and food safety. Identify non-conforming materials and processes and initiate corrective action. Ensure that batch sheet instructions are followed accurately (order of addition, use of blender, times, temperatures, sampling, etc.) Train associates to follow batch tickets and to fill production records accurately and correctly. Perform analytical testing on ingredients, work-in-process, and finished for quality attributes goods including, weights, salt, pH, drained weight, °Brix, and organoleptic traits in the absence of the QA Technician. Perform microbiological analyses on ingredients, city water and finished goods Maintain records of monitoring, testing, corrective actions, and equipment calibration Manage the retention sample library ensuring that all samples are collected, stored in an organized fashion, and discarded at the end of their shelf life Manage the shelf life studies program and Process Authority Program Develop and maintain New Product Specifications and maintain all pertinent documentation. Quality Assurance Lab Maintain laboratory cleanliness and organization. Assist R&D Manager in the preparation of new recipes or enhancements to existing recipes. Maintain organization of lab files and records Maintain an inventory of Lab supplies and place orders for replenishment on a regular basis. Schedule QA technicians and mange work hours avoiding overtime as much as possible Train QA Technicians Other Duties as Assigned QUALIFICATIONS Work Experience/Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Degree in Food Science or related field and/or a minimum of 5 years’ experience in a Food Quality Assurance supervisory role. Must be HACCP Certified. FSMA-FSQI Certification (Preventive Controls Qualified Individual) preferred. Other Preferred Certifications: Better Process Control School, SQF Practitioner, Food Handler Manager Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Bilingual English/Spanish is a plus. Must be proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access). Ability to create graphs, tables, databases, queries, reports, etc. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Good analytical skills. USDA experience is preferred Experience working with cook/chill or kettle prepared products is preferred. Self-motivated and demonstrated initiative.