Requisition ID 2018-6187 Location : Address 2540 North 29th Avenue Category Sales Location : City Phoenix Location : State/Province AZ Location : Postal Code 85009 Summary and Essential Duties Coordinates activities with production to procure all raw materials for the Steak line, Poultry line, Seafood line and Ground Beef Line to be used for further processing in the Meat Division. Represents Shamrock Foods; by selling Meat Division products to new and existing hotels, restaurants, resorts and other institutional establishments or individuals at sales office or customer's place of business. Essential Duties Compiles lists of prospective customers for use as sales leads. Must have extensive product knowledge in Center of the Plate protein products Coordinates activities with production to ensure proper execution of customer’s specifications; complete understanding of yield tests and ground formulas Ability to analyze sales data (statistics) to formulate policy and assist vendors in promoting sales, Manage individual customer price lists, Gather data for tracking and spreadsheets Direct sales forecasting activities and sets performance goals accordingly Achieve the C.O.P. sales goals of Meat, Poultry, Pork and Seafood product segments of the division. Delivers Sales presentations to Key existing and new clients in coordination with/or without sales representatives Must have the ability to effectively present and communicate information via telephone, writing or on a one to one basis. Must effectively interact with our customer base. Participation in Food shows and represents company at trade association meetings to promote product Perform customer tours as needed. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree ( B.A.) from four-year college or university with 5 years’ experience; or 5 years’ experience specifically in selling Center of the Plate Current driver’s license and auto insurance required Extensive travel required within AZ and out-state Must have extensive category knowledge Mathematic Skills: must be able to calculate amounts such as discounts, commissions, proportions, percentages Ability to read and interpret; ability to write routine reports and correspondence; ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.