Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. The Support Experience team is responsible for optimizing the experience at scale for customers who need support services across all Google Cloud products (i.e., Google Cloud Platform, G Suite, devices, Android/Chrome and Maps). We understand the user's journey and work with various operational teams to design and deliver processes and tools that are simple to use so that our users can find what they need. As a Business Process Analyst, you will help us drive the next set of requirements to improve Google Cloud Support products/services to deliver a world class Support experience. If you have worked on products with complex requirements, workflows or processes that are targeted at enterprise audiences, we'd love to talk to you. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Be responsible for working with Support teams to define requirements, document workflows, processes, identify gaps, make improvement recommendations, drive consensus and facilitate change. Be responsible for process management and working with project managers to identify improvement opportunities to increase operational efficiency. Become a domain expert in the assigned product or functional area, and support development of standards, policy and procedures. Work with Support teams, product managers and technical solution engineers to prioritize requirements analysis in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. Will understand and incorporate complex business, operational, technical and security requirements. Advocate BPA outcomes and recommendations to cross-functional audiences through written reports and oral presentations. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Business/Operations/Management Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Six Sigma Green Belt certification. 5 years of relevant work experience in an operational environment, including consulting experience, running JAD sessions, Unified Modeling Language (UML), Business Process Modeling (BPM), and development of requirements. Preferred qualifications: Consulting or operational experience in enterprise/business software, developer tools, IT, or other complex software systems. IT/software project management experience and proven track record of achieving objectives on time. Experience with requirements and testing products. Excellent interpersonal, communication, negotiation and collaboration skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.