OVERVIEW Microsoft has been on the front line of technology innovation for decades. We continue to challenge the status quo by introducing Workplace Analytics (WpA) to the world. This solution reimagines the way companies and their people assess and spend their most valuable resource: time. Based on years of research and real-world application, Workplace Analytics is Microsoft’s response to a key question of C-Suite executives: How do organizations and teams spend their time and collaborate internally and externally? What work is worth doing and where does waste exist? How can we drive a culture of both, productivity and engagement? To answer these questions, Workplace Analytics leverages collaboration metadata to reveal how an organization spends time and networks internally and externally. We combine machine learning with behavioral data science to provide visibility into an unlimited set organizational metrics and identify behaviors that can lead to organizational waste, impact employee engagement and ultimately, drive to the desired outcomes. As the solution becomes widely available and demand grows, so does our specialized Workplace Analytics team within Microsoft. The Team: The Modern Workplace/ Workplace Analytics Global Black Belt team mission is to bring new products to market and deliver high value insights while showing the world how behavioral data can be a game changer to solve complex organizational problems. We are a combination of ex-consultants, product managers and business development people positioned to drive the future of Microsoft’s Workplace Analytics strategy. Think strategy consulting meets data analytics meets product incubation Responsibilities THE ROLE: You will be a key member of our Global Black Belt team leading the sale of this innovative service in the US North Central Region/ Minneapolis and Surrounding Areas This team is tasked with developing and closing customers for our Workplace Analytics solution. RESPONSIBILITIES Your role will be to: Develop relationships with senior business leaders at Fortune 500 companies and top tier management consultancies. Your focus will be on executives tasked with Transformation or Strategy. Evangelize the Workplace Analytics solution to strategy and business leaders looking to transform their organizations using new sources of data and insight. Provide insights based on customer feedback directly to product groups and business groups to refine and improve offerings. Create compelling value proposition and messaging. Leverage and create material to enable the broader Microsoft field to position WpA. Build the WpA business in the US North Central Region/ Minneapolis and Surrounding Areas by building a pipeline of opportunities and negotiating effective contracts. Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS Who are we looking for? We are looking for an individual who is comfortable working within a fast- paced business, with a bias towards action and tangible results. This is a new and growing venture within Microsoft and the ideal candidate will be eager for the opportunity to learn and grow within that environment. Skills and Experience Necessary for the Role: 5+ years of sales or business consulting experience Ability to independently manage dialogue with non-IT sophisticated senior representatives of top tier companies Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced business, with a bias towards action and tangible results Strong problem-solving skills Ability to think strategically about business problems Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills Proven track record of results Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. NOTE: No relocation package available for this role. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.