Come drive the transformation of financial services, solve big problems and make a meaningful difference in people’s lives. Upgrade, Inc. is a new consumer credit platform that combines personal loans with tools that help consumers understand, monitor and improve their credit. The company raised $100 million in its first capital raise last year, which remains the largest Series A round ever raised by a Fintech company. While the founding team is very accomplished and the business model has been well established, we are still in the early days of this new platform and there is still an opportunity to have a very significant impact. Upgrade has been named a 'Best Place to Work in the Bay Area' by the _San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal._ The Company was also recently named the 1 Personal Loan option in Q4 2017 by LendingTree customers. We are looking for new team members who get excited about creating, designing and implementing new and better solutions to join a team of just over 250 talented and passionate fintech engineers, product, credit, finance, legal, compliance, design, operations and marketing professionals. Responsibilities Lead the design, development, implementation, monitoring and maintenance of Upgrade's data management systems. Lead the development of standards and procedures to maximize DBMS performance, scale-ability, resilience, security, and data integrity. You are Highly motivated and self driven Enjoy learning new technologies and applying that to solving problems Enjoy collaborating and working in small teams Technically strong and hands-on Good at multitasking and thrive in fast pace environments Methodical, thorough, and solution oriented Requirements 7+ years of experience administering production, always-on, high throughput, OLTP RDBMS's with the last 3+ years administering Postgres Proficiency in administering PostgreSQL v9.5+ database servers running on AWS Proficiency in PostgresSQL backup & recovery, upgrade, patching, and performance tuning Advanced knowledge of SQL query execution, execution analysis & optimization, indexing strategies, partitioning etc. Advanced knowledge of SQL schema modeling and evolution Proficiency in various RDBMS replication strategies Experience with geo-redundant database deployments (active/active, active/standby, etc.) is a plus Solid Linux fundamentals including kernel and OS tuning, as they relate to DB performance and security Familiarity with Sarbanes Oxley, PCI DSS, and other security practices is a plus Excellent troubleshooting, documentation, and communication skills Experience with other database management systems is a plus The Good Stuff Designer office with amazing views of the bay! Comprehensive benefit package: Medical, dental, and vision Open vacation policy Flexible Working Environment Conveniently located in San Francisco Financial District Close to BART and Public Transportation Two kitchens stocked with beverages, snacks and treats In office game rooms, yoga room, and abundance of informal lounge space Weekly and monthly social gatherings and happy hours We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status