The Athletic Department is seeking part-time Game Staffs to serve as scorekeepers, photographers, public address announcers, ball carriers and equipment movers for various sports throughout the year. Event staff assists in field and facility set-up prior to the game as well as performing assigned duties assigned by the game manager. Must be available on weekends and evenings. Some travel required. Statistics/Writing Staff - The Athletic Department is seeking part-time Statistics/Writing staff to serve as official statisticians, staff assistants, writers, and media assistants for various sports throughout the year. Event staff assists in field and facility set-up prior to the game as well as performing assigned duties assigned by the game manager. Extensive knowledge of the sport(s) of softball, baseball, basketball, soccer, lacrosse and/or volleyball preferred, but not necessary. Knowledge of operating a laptop computer is necessary. Must be available on weekends and evenings. Some travel required. Multimedia/Video - The Athletic Department is seeking part-time and volunteer assistance throughout the year. Leveraging its website, Abingtonsports.com, and well as auxiliary social media sites, the department seeks talented and creative talent to bolster its multimedia and creative video initiatives. Students with experience in web design, video editing software, and camera experience. Some travel required. Public Address Announcers - The Athletic Department is seeking part-time Public Address Announcers for varsity athletic events throughout the year. Demonstrated knowledge of these sports, as well as professionalism, and reliability, are required. Must be able to read a prepared script and apply vocal talent to a set itinerary. Extensive knowledge of softball, baseball, lacrosse basketball, soccer, and volleyball. Previous experience preferred but not necessary. Must be available on weekends and evenings. Some travel required. Requirement – Must be a Penn State student. Experience not necessary and training is provided. Please indicate what job you are interested in when applying. We will train you and give you hands-on experience!