Lending their support to Facilities Management and Construction and Technical Services, who manages, maintains, and operates approximately 55 City-owned court and office buildings totaling 15 million square feet, is the newly formed Facilities Management Support unit. This unit consists of the following functions: ? Data & Analytics? Budget & Contract Administration? Tenant Relations? Special Projects ? Publications, DCAS Art, 1 Centre Street DirectoryData & AnalyticsThe Data & Analytics team is responsible for conducting data driven statistical analysis, management, reporting, and measurement to support and help improve the operations of Facilities Management.DCAS Facilities Management Support seeks to hire (3) Data Analysts to join the Data & Analytics team.Responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: ? Analysis of agency operations, including quantitative and qualitative data analysis according to the developed division specific KPIs, metrics, and reports. ? Develop suggestions for system improvements for the Director of Data and Analytics through the performance of quantitative and qualitative data analysis.? Assist the Quality Assurance/Field Coordinator with addressing the reporting needs of the Financial Services Unit.? Assist the Quality Assurance/Field Coordinator with addressing the reporting needs of the Inventory Control Sub Unit. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and six months of satisfactory full-time experience in research which involves gathering, organizing and analyzing data, and report writing; or 2. An associate degree from an accredited college, or completion of 60 semester credits at an accredited college, and two years and six months of satisfactory full-time experience in research which involves gathering, organizing and analyzing data, and report writing; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and four years and six months of satisfactory full-time experience in research which involves gathering, organizing and analyzing data, and report writing; or 4. Education and experience equivalent to "1", "2", or "3" above. Undergraduate college credit can be substituted for experience on the basis of 30 semester credits from an accredited college for one year of full-time experience. Completion of nine credits, at the college or graduate school level, in statistics, quantitative methods, mathematics, or research can be substituted for six months of the required experience. However, all candidates must possess a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and at least six months of required experience or the nine specialized credits. Preferred Skills 1\. Experience with Microsoft Access To Apply ONLY PERMANENT COMPETITIVE IN THE TITLE OF RESEARCH ASSISTANT MAY APPLY.Please go to www.nyc.gov/careers and search for Job ID 347378For current City employees, please go to www.nyc.gov/ess and log into Employee Self Service. NO PHONE CALLS, FAXES OR PERSONAL INQUIRIES PERMITTED. NOTE: ONLY THOSE CANDIDATES UNDER CONSIDERATION WILL BE CONTACTED. Hours/Shift To be determined. Work Location 1 Centre Street, New York, NY Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.