Are you excited to utilize technology as a force for social good? Do you want to be part of supporting nonprofits and humanitarian organizations adopt and use Microsoft technology to create sustained social impact? Microsoft has a longstanding commitment to global corporate philanthropy. Since 2016, we have donated more than $2.5 billion in cash grants, software, hardware and cloud technology to hundreds of thousands of nonprofits and helped 90,000 move to the cloud. In September 2017 we launched Tech for Social Impact (TSI) team, powered by a sustainable social model where profits are reinvested into expanding support for nonprofits. The TSI team is dedicated to making world-class cloud technology accessible and affordable, so that nonprofits can drive even greater impact on societal challenges. The focus of the Nonprofit Digital Learning & Community Manager role is to develop and support nonprofit communities of practice to scale digital skills and capacity building programs with the goal of increasing the technical skills of nonprofit IT pros, nonprofit leadership, and employees to better use technology for social impact. Under the direction of TSI Philanthropy Sr. Director, the role will work across MS Philanthropies and cross-company to develop new learning programs and expand existing programs to better support nonprofit digital transformation. This will include accessing current MS digital literacy and skills content while also working to develop new content and curriculum specifically for the nonprofit sector. The role will seek to engage and support external communities, networks, and partner channels to scale adoption of our digital skills curriculum, content, and certifications. Finally, this role will support our humanitarian partnerships by extending learning programs to partner beneficiaries, primarily refugees. The ideal candidate will have deep knowledge of Microsoft technologies and digital skills training resources, knowledge of existing nonprofit capacity building communities and networks, and understanding of how nonprofits adopt and utilize technology for social impact. You must be data obsessed with a strong understanding of the nonprofit digital transformation journey. Lastly, we seek someone who is genuinely dedicated to our mission and purpose and who is deeply committed to creating a more inclusive world through technology. Responsibilities Priority responsibility is to lead development and execution of nonprofit digital skills and certification programs, including development of a sustainable business model and go to market plans for nonprofit digital skills offers. This includes finalizing existing pilot efforts and formalizing first phase of global launch in the fall. In parallel, develop a global execution plan to scale the learning program via communities of practice, networks, and MS partners. Work with TSI partnership managers to bring training and certification resources to strategic humanitarian partners and their beneficiaries. Manage ongoing capacity building program execution, monitoring, reporting. Develop new strategy for evolving capacity building programs and partnerships beginning in CY2019. Manage key internal and external partnerships that support delivery and amplification of technology capacity building offers and initiatives. Use data and research to understand broad nonprofit trends, needs, and technology use to best support and reach more nonprofits around the world with their digital transformation journeys. Advocate for the nonprofit audience, ensuring their unique challenges & opportunities, organizational structure, and culture attributes are consistently top of mind across the organization. Qualifications 5+ years of related experience in program management. Strong knowledge of MS technologies, MS training resources, tech use and learning needs of nonprofits. Experience building communities of practice and engaging strategic networks to scale programs globally. Strong project management skills and the ability to lead and participate on virtual teams, connect and coordinate across matrixed organizations required. Proven ability to get stuff done! Demonstrate strong knowledge of the nonprofit sector, via employment, volunteering, or board service Professional presence, strong collaborator, and excellent public speaking capabilities. Relentless focus on customer needs related to technology adoption, training and support. Passionate about making a strong contribution to nonprofits and the social impact they drive. Required Bachelor’s degree. MBA, MPA or related master’s degree preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.