JOB SUMMARY The Stewardship Coordinator is a key member of the Resource Development (RD) department, principally supporting the administrative functions of the RD department as well as supporting the department’s efforts in fundraising, special events, communications/marketing, and community/volunteer outreach for Plymouth Housing Group. Primary responsibilities are gift processing and data input, financial reporting, and coordination of the fundraising donor database (CRM). The Stewardship Coordinator plays an integral role in delivering on and continuously enhancing Plymouth Housing Group’s commitment to the outstanding stewardship of its donors, including timely and accurate recognition of their gifts. Key aspects of this role include writing all donor recognition letters and tax receipts, and managing stewardship event registration and correspondence, gift fund data, and analytical reporting. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS (Responsibilities, accountabilities, and competencies; may not include all duties of this job) Fundraising Donor Database Daily responsibility for data entry and maintenance of fundraising database: Gift entries Address updates New constituent entries Volunteer entries Ongoing maintenance/clean-up of CRM database to ensure accurate information for reports and queries. Maintains awareness of fundraising/donor database industry trends and best practices and implements CRM procedural and reporting updates as needed. Oversees updates to the CRM database, including research about and migration to a new CRM system as applicable. Prepares and mails gift recognition letters and mailings in a timely manner as established by the CDO while ensuring accuracy and attention to detail. Coordinates with all RD team members on each members’ processes and database needs. Responsible for analyzing donor giving trends, including response to outreach and communications efforts. Creates and formats reports and queries from database: Monthly reports detailed by donor giving category for RD revenue goal tracking purposes Information as needed for RD department team members and leadership team Finance Department Support Works closely with the Finance department regarding donations. Meets weekly deadlines to send required reports to Finance department. Meets month-end deadline to submit all database entries to Finance department including all in-kind donations, cash, check and credit card donations, pledges and pledge payments. Submits in-kind special events donation entries to Finance department on time. Special Event, Communications, and Community Engagement Support Coordinates all aspects of event registration, including: communication with guests as needed, donation data input and reconciliation, as well as works at events (occasional evenings and weekends) in varying capacities as assigned. Coordinates corporate sponsorship invoicing and payments for all special events. Supports Corporate Citizenship Manager and Community Engagement Coordinator with volunteer group assignments at Plymouth buildings, including corporate and school groups. Supports the Senior Communications and Development Manager with donor communications, including but not limited to communication tracking, mailing lists, donor recognition, and follow-up engagement efforts. Resource Development Support Oversees collection of pledge receivables and reports progress to CDO. Provides administrative support to the CDO and RD department, including: postage account oversight, mail preparation, copying, records maintenance, filing, ordering supplies, and some vendor relations. Assists with internal and external correspondence, including writing, gathering statistics, formatting correspondence, and managing mailings as assigned. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. ESSENTIAL JOB QUALIFICATIONS (Any equivalent combination of knowledge, skills, abilities, education, and experience as described below) Education : Associates’ degree in related field or a combination of education and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Experience: Two or more years’ administrative support and CRM database experience. Licensure/Certification: N/A Schedule : Must be able to work occasional weekends and evenings for events. Other Qualifications: Proficient and experienced with Microsoft Office applications; particularly Excel, Word, and Outlook. Must be able to work efficiently and effectively with excellent attention to detail. Previous experience with database management/data entry and fundraising software programs such as Sage Fundraising 50 (Abila); Salesforce; Classy; or DonorPerfect. Clear and concise oral and written communication/English grammar skills. Effective problem solving and time management skills. Excellent attention to detail; focus on accuracy with ability to proof own work. Superior organizational skills. Sharp analytical capabilities; comfortable working with financial reports and data. Strong customer service focus with excellent interpersonal skills. Demonstrated ability to: Quickly perform routine tasks such as filing, copying and collating, etc., with consistent accuracy and attention to detail; Perform word processing and data entry with accuracy and high attention to detail; Take initiative in creating procedures as needed to ensure the smooth operation of an office environment; Conduct research and make informed recommendations about systemic changes; Organize work, ask questions as needed to prioritize assignments, and manage time effectively in balancing needs of a variety of staff members; Deal professionally and courteously with a wide variety of people, both in person and over the phone, including donors, volunteers, board members, and Plymouth residents; Maintain a high level of discretion, respect privacy, and uphold confidentiality needs of donors, volunteers, staff, tenants and others; Manage multiple projects with competing deadlines; Work effectively both independently and as a team member. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Passion for mission and vision of Plymouth Housing Group. Experience with external communications and/or correspondence. Fundraising or special event experience. Experience working with volunteers in a non-profit setting. Required Skills Required Experience