Who We Are Rock Connections is a growing strategic marketing company that helps clients increase their revenue from advertising dollars that they've already spent. Rock Connections primarily focuses on outbound contact center solutions, providing clients with everything from customer contact to call transfers to the full sale of goods, services and products. We're a proud sister company of Quicken Loans, America's 1 online mortgage lender, which has been rated one of FORTUNE magazine's "Best Companies to Work For" for the past 14 years. What You'll Do/Need You will be expected to design, develop, implement and maintain the full lifecycle of data functionality and analytic applications across multiple business units. You will capture and translate requirements, through a variety of techniques, to create coherent data structures leading to successful solutions. You will operate as an owner by completing the full life cycle of a project from understanding the business process that the application supports through implementation and support. And last but not least, you have the ability to become an expert in the technologies used on the team. Responsibilities: Create and support the ETL to facilitate bringing data into the modeling server using SQL Server Integration Services Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the modeling servers. Follow the design principles and best practices defined by the team for ETL techniques and architecture. Participate in production code pushes after regular business hours Requirements: At least 5 years of related experience Bachelor’s degree in Engineering/CS, IT, or related study Strong technical knowledge of SQL and data analysis Proven requirements gathering and long- term solution development experience Conducted validation of existing reporting and new solutions Knowledge of data warehousing concepts Proven expertise in ETL and ELT tooling such as Pentaho, Integration Services, Informatica, Data Pipeline, Glue Working knowledge of Data Technologies in the Cloud such as AWS RDS/Redshift or Snowflake Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, and ability to interface with Business, Analytics and IT organizations Ability to work effectively in short-cycle, team oriented environment, managing multiple priorities and tasks; Ability to identify non-obvious solutions to complex problems Strong knowledge of relational database modeling principles and techniques What You'll Get Paid training Strong growth and leadership opportunities Why We're Different Meet the anti-corporate culture of Rock Connections, where there's no daunting hierarchy, "boss" is a four-letter word, and if you work hard, you're the one who will reap the rewards, both personally and professionally. More than any other place you'll work, we're dedicated to honing your skills, helping you grow and making sure you have plenty of fun while you're at it. Rock Connections is an equal opportunity employer.