Overview HonorHealth is a non-profit, local healthcare organization known for community service and outstanding medical quality. HonorHealth encompasses five acute care hospitals with approximately 11,500 employees and 4,500 volunteers, over 70 primary and specialty care practices, clinical research, medical education, an inpatient rehabilitation hospital, an Accountable Care Organization, two foundations, and extensive community services. HonorHealth is a leader in medical innovation, talent and technology with a genuine commitment to your growth. The health system's vibrant careers take place in an environment filled with opportunity and respect because we see the HONOR in you. Qualifications Education Bachelor's Degree non-IT related field or Associates degree in IT related field Required Must take Epic’s Clarity Data Model training and successfully gain initial certifications within two attempts. Epic training will be given upon hiring. Required Experience 4 years experience in Healthcare, IT or Financial sectors. Required 3 years experience in Reporting, database or software development. Required 3 years Crystal Reports development. Required Responsibilities Job Summary This position participates in all aspects of the requirements, design, development, testing and deployment of Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting content for the Network's EMR application, Connect. The EMR Reporting Analyst works collaboratively with business and clinical stakeholders, application analysts, the Program Management Organization (PMO) and technical support teams in order to design, develop and support BI and reporting content that leads to actionable intelligence. The incumbent displays critical thinking, analytical, organization and documentation expertise, and acquires Epic system certifications and reporting tools expertise in order to present creative design solutions that meet the customer needs. BI and reporting content development will range from creating dashboards, Crystal reports, BusinessObjects Universes, and SQL queries and data extracts. Designs and develops reporting dashboards, Crystal reports, BusinessObjects Universes and data extracts for team based on industry best practices Collaboration with EMR application analysts, Clarity DBAs, and the Reporting server administrator to ensure BI and Reporting content is developed accurately and deployed effectively. Designs and develops database tables, views, functions, stored procedures in Microsoft SQL Server. Reviews Epic release notes and updates to Reporting content during Epic upgrades Consultation with business and clinical stakeholders to extract and document requirements, and validate reporting content Data analysis to support organization and client improvement Data accuracy within the EMR data stores, identification and reporting of data issues, working with appropriate IT staff and reporting stakeholders toward resolution. Evaluates and implements new BI content from Epic. Provides production support of BI and Reporting content.