Manager, Quality & Patient Safety Peds - Quality Assurance - ( LON004164 ) Description At MemorialCare, we believe in providing extraordinary health care to our communities and an exceptional working environment for our employees. MemorialCare stands for excellence in Health Care. Across our family of medical centers, we support each one of our bright, talented employees in reaching the highest levels of professional development, contribution, collaboration and accountability. Whatever your role and whatever expertise you bring, we are dedicated to helping you achieve your full potential in an environment of respect, innovation and teamwork. MemorialCare Long Beach Medical Center is a major regional provider of medical and surgical services. A Magnet®-designated teaching hospital, MemorialCare Long Beach Medical Center has 420 beds. We consistently achieve national accolades for our quality care, including ranking as one of “America’s Best Hospitals” for Orthopedics by U.S. News & World Report magazine. Our unique environment allows for a range of medical services, from childhood to adulthood, to be structured under one roof. With our technology, our vision, and especially our talented professionals, we ensure our patients receive the best possible care. Position Summary: The Manager of Pediatrics Quality and Patient Safety will work collaboratively with the Director, Vice President (VP) and Chief Quality Officer (CQO) to oversee all clinical quality and patient safety activities for Miller Children's and Women's Hospital Long Beach. This position provides leadership for quality and hospital staff in the development, implementation, measurement, and monitoring of strategic initiatives that assure that clinical quality outcomes are being met. The focus of this position is on decreasing patient harm and adverse events, and to identify opportunities for improvement in patient care. The manager will oversee development, initiation, and sustainment of improvement initiatives in quality and patient safety, as well as evidence based care guidelines and policies to ensure that MCWHLB achieves optimal healthcare outcomes to the patients we serve. The manager works together with the Director, VP and CQO for oversight of Regulatory/Accreditation, Epidemiology/Employee Health Service, Patient Relations/Interpreter Services and Patient Experience. Qualifications Minimum Requirements: A Bachelor’s degree is required; Master’s is preferred; RN is preferred. 2+ years of experience in the areas of Clinical Quality Management, Performance Improvement, Patient Safety, Patient Experience, Risk Management, Medical Staff Peer Review. Key characteristics of the incumbent include: Ability to inspire, create, and articulate a shared, compelling vision which translates into actionable measures to attain the organization’s strategic performance goals. A broad and in-depth knowledge of Quality Management, Patient Safety, Health Information Technology, and Peer Review to enhance physician performance and practice efficiency. Proven ability to work cross-functionally in team environments to develop, evaluate, and execute best practice initiatives designed to promote excellence across the care continuum. Demonstrated innovative ideas in health care delivery with ability to influence and acquire necessary resources across departments. High emotional quotient with a mature, self-confident demeanor that is effective and credible across all levels of the organization, including senior management and medical staff. High level of proficiency with Crimson analytic tool & to display data for action oriented results.