Position Description As Manager, Samsclub.com Site Analytics, you will work with Sam’s Club leadership to build a strategy and execution plan that improves samsclub.com site performance. Working with cross-functional teams such as product management and other analysts, you will provide actionable insights through large data analytics, rigorous A/B testing, data mining, various financial analysis etc. The ideal candidate should be an independent solution oriented performer, skilled and experienced with using data to drive strategy and business action. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree and 5+ years in relevant site analytics / Search Analytics / A/B testing strategy-execution or Master’s degree in a quantitative field like engineering / statistics / math / physics / computer science / information technology and 3+ years in relevant site analytics / A/B Test strategy-execution / site merchandising experience. Minimum 3 years’ experience in a quantitative or analytical role within ecommerce, consumer or Search analytics. Advanced SQL & experience with working on large multidimensional datasets Curiosity and willingness to learn and work in teams Proficiency in Excel and Power Point .HQL, Spark experience Additional Preferred Qualifications Experience in retail / e-commerce Experience with Tableau Experience with Teradata / Hive / Spark / Big data Company Summary The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission. Position Summary As Manager, Samsclub.com Site Analytics, you will work with Sam’s Club leadership to build a strategy and execution plan that improves samsclub.com site performance. Working with cross-functional teams such as product management and other analysts, you will provide actionable insights through large data analytics, rigorous A/B testing, data mining, various financial analysis etc. The ideal candidate should be an independent solution oriented performer, skilled and experienced with using data to drive strategy and business action.