Overview CIBC provides tailored commercial, wealth management, personal, and small business financial solutions in the United States through 46 offices in 18 states, as well as cross-border banking services to clients with North American operations. Learn more at cibc.com/US. CIBC is a Toronto-based, global financial institution with a 150 year history, serving 11 million personal and business clients. We invest in our businesses, our clients, our people and our communities to deliver consistent and sustainable earnings to our shareholders. CIBC delivers access to career and development opportunities, safe and healthy workplaces, effective training, and positive work-life balance – so that employees are able to perform at their best, contribute to their communities and focus on cultivating deeper relationships with our clients. Every year, CIBC is recognized for its business success, community commitment and employee initiatives. We are proud of this success and are committed to creating an inclusive workplace and an environment where all employees can excel. CIBC Bank USA is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran Responsibilities We are looking for a passionate Data Analyst to turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. The ideal candidate will bring a variety of skills such as general business acumen, a very analytical mindset, an aptitude for technology, and the ability to present findings concisely. This position will include responsibilities for data preparation including sourcing, acquisition, and reconciliation of new data sets; integration with our client data warehouse; developing strong governance around the collection of new data; and building reports and information delivery portals to share the data with appropriate stakeholders throughout the Bank. The position will also work closely with our Marketing department to manage the Harte Hanks tool for retail analytics and marketing mailing lists. This role requires an energetic, hands-on individual that can work independently to drive projects to completion. A strong candidate will demonstrate initiative to explore alternate technology and approaches to solving problems, and will have excellent communication skills - both written and verbal - with many different levels of employees from executives within the line of business to our technology and operations partners. Qualifications Relevant Bachelors Degree. 5-10 years of progressively responsible experience in the field or related area. Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within data analytics. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Proficiency with Microsoft Office required. Proficiency with SQL and VBA strongly desired.