DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY _Providing Opportunity, Assistance and Care for Arizonans in need!_ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. IT Deputy Administrator Division of Employment and Rehabilitation Services 3443 N. Central Phoenix, AZ 85012 www.azdes.gov JOB SUMMARY: This Deputy position is specifically responsible for providing leadership and managing the IT staff, supervision and managers that manage, develop and enhance the information technology projects for the Workforce and Unemployment Insurance (UI) Programs. This position will report to the Division of Employment and Rehabilitation Services (DERS) IT Administrator and will serve as the IT Deputy Administrator and will provide overview, responsibilities and support for the DERS system and Automation Section. JOB DUTIES: Provide leadership, direction, management, and oversight of three primary sections under the DERS IT Systems and Automation-Workforce, Unemployment Insurance (UI) and Data Security Agreements (DSA). Utilize waterfall and agile project management methodologies and process; oversee, prioritize and monitor projects within these sections through the initiation, planning, execution, monitoring and closing phase of projects. Engage with the business programs, internal technical partners, and DERS executive team. Mange, recommend, oversee and approve sensitive and complex personnel activities related to hiring, corrective actions, critical justifications, Product Descriptions (PDQ) time sheet approval, and leave management. Identify system, subsystem, program and network requirements to address business problems. Investigate, assess and evaluate new technologies and business applications. Other duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge of project management life cycle related to information technology, project management principles and practices. Knowledge of waterfall and agile software methodologies and associated PM tools, understanding of mainframe, distributed, and clouds environments. Knowledge of Unemployment Insurance and Workforce programs Leadership skills Strong verbal and written communication Strong customer service skills Skills in conceptualizing network configuration, technologies, and business flow. Ability to manage multiple projects and teams Ability to meet deadlines and monitor projects with minimal oversight. SELECTIVE PREFERENCE(S): Bachelor’s degree 8 or more years of related experience as IT manager/supervisor Broad and generally deep knowledge of the Workforce and Unemployment Insurance (UI) Programs, and 2 years of Project Management experience. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Apply for and show proof of a valid Arizona Fingerprint Clearance Card that meets Level One requirements Driving is required; individuals may be required to use their personal motor vehicle, as well as maintaining valid motor vehicle insurance and current Arizona vehicle registration. A current, valid state issued driver’s license; employee is subject to driver’s license record checks and must maintain an acceptable driving record, valid motor vehicle insurance and registration and complete any required training (see Arizona administrative code R2-10-207.12) Successfully complete the Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify), applicable to all newly hired state employees Successfully pass background and reference checks; employment is contingent upon completion of the above mentioned process and the agency’s ability to reasonably accommodate any restrictions BENEFITS: The Department of Economic Security offers a comprehensive benefits package to include: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Please note, enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. CONTACT US: If you have any questions please feel free to contact 602 542-4221 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting 602-364-3981. Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._