Network Security Engineer Directly reports to Manager of Network Operations Engineering Services Follow network architecture and network deployment standards, following compliance requirements and industry best practices. Interface with Client Architects, Network Engineers, Pre-Sales, Project Managers and Client Partners to provide excellent engineering and architecture services throughout the customer service lifecycle. Collaborate with Backbone, Infrastructure, and Security Engineering to ensure their standards are upheld on devices. Implement & Support dedicated & multi-tenant customer environments. Escalation point Network Support issues. Continue to learn advanced network technologies. Help maintain the integrity of the network Ensure SLA’s are met via uptime & restoration activities. Handle customer requests in a professional and expedient matter. Interface with customers to do discovery, and plan the deployment per Secure-24 standards. Own & drive network maintenance projects. Participate in an on-call rotation for the time when engineering is not on-shift. Team Focus Remains on the forefront of emerging industry practices and technologies. Provides recommendations on changes and design enhancements to improve reliability, security, processes, and performance. Takes responsibility for meeting commitments; desire to succeed and has a history of meeting solutions by deadline. Builds respectful relationships with team members; consistently acknowledges and appreciates each member's contributions. Provides quality customer service above else; ensures an understanding between customer and Secure-24 and helps provide workable solutions. Keeps track of lessons learned and shares those lessons with team members. Grows professionally and personally; eager to acquire new knowledge while promoting Secure-24’s values and culture. Q ualifications : Bachelor’s degree Computer Science or Information Technology or similar experience. Usual candidates have more than 3+ years of experience in networking discipline. Ability to effectively communicate network concepts and network challenges to both technical and non-technical people. Experience with Cisco IOS, NXOS preferred. Knowledge of network best practices and cisco validated designs. CCNP (or equivalent) preferred. Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced work environment. Understanding of enterprise and/or datacenter applications (Microsoft AD, LDAP, DNS, SMTP).