Enterprise Data and Client Insights (EDCI) is expanding its engineering team. We are working on big solutions in the heart of downtown San Francisco. We design and build analytics and tech tools to support our client-facing teams and executive management. The tools we build are highly impactful and directly contribute to the extraordinary client service for which First Republic is renowned. We’re highly entrepreneurial and we like developers who have big ideas and who can move quickly. Any member of our team can lead projects from the white board to production at scale. A core value of this team is that every developer has a strong sense of ownership and provides our colleagues with exceptional service. We’re passionate about functional programming and make liberal use of Elm and Haskell. We are pragmatic developers and use the best tools for the job. We value continuous learning and growth for all team members and are eager to explore how a new technology can enable amazing new features. Our back ends are currently written in Node and Python and our primary tools are Docker, Circle, and Github. We are currently implementing: a real time collaborative platform for data science using our own internal DSL, low-latency large-scale data processing, an insightful recommendation engine, functional reactive frontends and your next big idea to transform First Republic. If the notion of working on a small, passionate, empathetic and supportive team using modern and functional tools to solve big problems sounds exciting to you, we’d love to talk. Responsibilities Responsible for design and development of EDCI technical projects with an emphasis on web development; participating in enhancements definition and design, issue resolution, and development priorities Responsible for acting as a liaison between application development and business units while providing development and consulting support. Working with business units and technology teams to conduct rapid prototyping and develop production ready code as needed, with crisp communication regarding resource and project status with various levels of management Often required to research issues using available tools to identify data abnormalities and their source(s). Help track system issues and enhancement requests; work with team members, users and management to determine enhancement priorities and delivery schedules. Work with system owners and Quality Assurance teams to develop testing plans and ensure appropriate testing of new and enhanced applications. Acting as technical project manager on various efforts between various IT and business groups. Assisting with change management activities and ensuring appropriate users and technical teams are aware of upcoming changes. Responsible for responding to user questions about new or existing features, data issues, and variances from other source systems, and often working with other operations teams to resolve data issues as necessary. Provide appropriate training to business users of the system, or ensure that training is provided. Assist in the development of training for users, and potentially conduct such training where and when necessary. Act as second level support for Technical Support calls and assist users when necessary. Responsibilities include: 1) adhering to and complying with the applicable, federal and state laws, regulations and guidance, including those related to Anti-money laundering (i.e. Bank Secrecy Act, US PATRIOT Act, etc.) 2) adhering to Bank policies and procedures, 3) completing required training, 4) identifying and reporting suspicious activity to the AML Officer, and 5) knowing and verifying the identity of any customer(s) that enters into a relationship with the Bank. Qualifications Essential Skills, Bodies of Knowledge and Abilities: Strong Web development skills/experience required to support rapid prototyping and production ready code. Understanding of web based technologies required with an emphasis on NodeJS/Express and Python/Flask. Knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript. Some experience with a front-end framework such as Angular or React. Strong preference for knowledge and experience with a functional programming language such as: Elm, Haskell or Elixir. General development skills to occasionally supplement some of the database work for EDCI projects are preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills required – technical audience and business audience/end users. Four-year College degree required. Requires a minimum of 6 months of experience in web development. Preference for familiarity with software development life cycle and Agile/Scrum concepts. Must be comfortable working with complex data relationships. Preference for experience with PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server as well as MongoDB and Redis. Knowledge of banking products, services is preferred. Must possess the ability to multi-task handling multiple small project or support efforts simultaneously. Must possess the ability to work effectively with business personnel at all levels as well as with outside vendors and contractors. Must possess sound judgment for negotiating deliverables and timelines with tact and diplomacy Requires proficiency with varied types of computer hardware and software. Requires proficiency with varied computer and network operating systems. Must possess a general knowledge of all bank operations. Requires strong analytical skills and excellent attention to detail. Must exercise a reasonable amount of independent judgment under a minimum of supervision. Requires strong interpersonal and organizational skills, including the ability to meet deadlines, follow written policies and procedures, and maintain superior customer service at all times with all users.