POSITION PURPOSE Responsible for facilitating and leading the design, development and integration of new or improved data warehouse and business intelligence capabilities, data enhancement processes and delivery methods in support of Trinity Health strategic initiatives and regulatory requirements, in collaboration with Analytics & Integration and TIS-Enterprise Architecture areas. Responsible for the assessment of business requirements; collection and identification of technical specifications; and the subsequent development of technology solutions that require development to be viable (i.e., business applications, purchased applications, developed applications and applications integration). Provides vision and creates solutions that meet current and future business requirements; models the pieces of an infrastructure and their points of integration; proves the feasibility of a design; creates the design artifacts that are required to deliver and to maintain the infrastructure; guides a solution through to its completion; and ultimately can be implemented and supported in production as well as relevant to the business end users. Works with the development team, Data Architect and Enterprise Architecture teams to ensure that new technology solutions are designed for optimal access and usefulness, and leverages existing technologies for their specific technical domain(s) and understands system-wide impacts. Assists in near/mid- term roadmap creation, to address gaps and move the organization toward the future state architecture to support future business growth and innovation. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Knows, understands, incorporates and demonstrates the Trinity Mission, Vision and Values in leadership behaviors, practices and decisions. Establishes domain specific standards, near/mid-term strategy, and roadmaps in support of Trinity standards and strategy. Assists in creating the vision for future state technologies and architecture and participate in setting analytics and integration standards and mid/long-term strategy/roadmaps, acting as domain specific subject matter expert. Researches software and hardware products or services, identify the technologies to employ based on price, performance, service agreements and organizational constraints. Participates and leads research and development efforts (proofs of concept, prototypes), as subject matter expert, when introducing new technologies. Responsible for creating and maintain architectural diagrams. Defines business, computational, and technical requirements for new capabilities based on business/functional requirements defined by and customers, collaborating closely with BI Architect and Data Warehouse team. Designs proposed application architecture and interface requirements for new capabilities. Works with others on the Business Intelligence team to understand the information needed and make recommendations regarding the underlying data structures or utilization of database functions to expedite and increase efficiency of data manipulation processes. Leads project teams in the design and building of new capabilities and reporting solutions; new applications development, third-party application integration. Interfaces with TIS Enterprise Architecture and Data Warehouse team to align solutions based on data warehouse architecture/infrastructure with existing applications. Participates in various phases of the software development lifecycle to perform QA/architectural review functions and to ensure adherence to Data Warehouse and TIS - Enterprise Architecture technology standards and project specific solutions architecture. Ensures technology solutions are production ready and meet the defined specifications, and that the solution can be maintained via production support methodologies and resources; following established Change Management procedures. Reviews the ongoing implementation solution for improvement opportunities. Facilitates communication between TIS departments and business stakeholders for technical issues and/or major changes; acting as the technical domain subject matter expert. Provides technical guidance to coach and mentor team members; provide performance feedback to manager(s). Provides instructional training and conduct informational presentations. Keeps current and informed of related technologies and best practices within the industry. Serves as technical owner and point of contact for domain specific solutions. Reinforces the vision and direction of the analytics and integration area. Cultivates working relationships within the analytics and integration area and with the business units that are positive, professional and collaborative. Interfaces with director level and staff business and technical positions. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws/regulations; the Trinity Health Integrity and Compliance Program and Code of Conduct; as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior. Performs other duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in healthcare or information technology and minimum seven (7) years in information technology or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Ability to learn Epic's software and Certification will be required after training is complete. Minimum five (5) years of experience with relational data structures, theories, principles and practices, data warehousing methodologies and tools. Minimum five (5) years of experience and proven track record of success handling large scale, complex Business Intelligence, and/or data warehousing projects. Demonstrated thorough understanding of modern enterprise architecture, hands-on experience with enterprise business intelligence platforms. Minimum five (5) years of experience working with at least one major database vendor including Oracle or Teradata or Netezza. Minimum five (5) years of experience working with at least one major Business Intelligence vendor including Business Objects, Qlikview, Cognos or Tableau. Minimum five (5) years of experience in design and development of processing, reporting, analytic, and application solutions to support end-user decision-making: Writing functional specifications and design specifications; Developing data enhancement processes and applications; Developing and integrating standard structures, processes, and delivery; methods, and other comprehensive end user solutions' Experience with multiple technical architectures, and languages, and Change management process development and enforcement. Excellent organization, analytical, interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Must possess the ability to work in teams. Familiarity and recent experience with relational databases, with SQL, and wiith data visualization tools such as Tableau and Crystal preferred. Experience with mobility of BI applications preferred. Experience with Big Data solutions preferred. Demonstrated knowledge of cost accounting, productivity, clinical metrics, rules engine methods and algorithms preferred. Demonstrated knowledge of healthcare nomenclature and clinical and financial business processes preferred. Experience with information requirements of multiple healthcare business disciplines, including, Finance, Operations, Clinical and Administration preferred. Must be comfortable operating in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. A personal presence which is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of Trinity Health. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS Operates in a typical office environment. The area is well lit, temperature- controlled and free from hazards. Incumbent communicates frequently, in person and over the telephone, with people in a number of different locations on technical issues. Manual dexterity is needed in order to operate a keyboard. Hearing is needed for extensive telephone and in person communications. Must be able to speak and communicate clearly and effectively. The environment in which the incumbent will work requires the ability to concentrate, meet deadlines, work on several projects at the same time and adapt to interruptions. Must be able to adapt to frequently changing work priorities and be able to prioritize and balance the requirements of working with the System Office and Regional Health Ministries (RHMs). Must be able to travel to various Trinity Health sites as needed. Workhours may include afterhours and weekends. May require participation in a rotating call schedule after implementations have begun.