Individual will inspect, sample and conduct routine and special laboratory testing on construction materials, primarily asphalt but may also assist in aggregates and ready mix concrete (RMC), according to the appropriate standard test method. Employee will perform tests to insure quality of products at the point of production, shipping, and arrival upon the jobsite. Individual will be expected to performing troubleshooting on field and jobsite problems. Person will visually inspect stockpiles, material sources, and truck loads at HMA plant sites. This person will conduct testing and assist in plant calibrations to insure proper quality of the product. This individual will verify test results of with outside testing laboratories and maintain accurate and timely records on test data, product quality, and defective materials. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: High School graduation or its equivalent is required and a minimum of two years laboratory testing experience in hot mix asphalt (HMA). Experience with RMC and construction aggregate properties is preferred. A valid driver’s license is required. Possession of or the ability to obtain the following certifications is preferred: ACI Concrete Laboratory Testing Technician – Level I N.I.C.E.T. Level II AC & Concrete SPECIAL SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS : Individual must possess the basic knowledge necessary to perform various quality testing; demonstrate the ability to conduct testing in an orderly, efficient, and accurate manner; possess a working knowledge of aggregate, ready mix, and asphalt plant operations; understand and be familiar with mix design characteristics for asphalt and concrete products and various product specifications; possess good math and computer skills; possess strong verbal communications skills and have the ability to interface with plant production personnel, plant managers, contractors and agency representatives; and the ability to problem solve and work independently. UNUSUAL WORKING CONDITIONS This position requires knowledge of and awareness of construction site hazards. Will be required to wear protective gear when working near construction site, including gear to protect against exposure to chemical solvents and fumes for asphalt tests. Nuclear test equipment and other hazardous materials requires an awareness to safeguard against possible hazards. Will be required to lift and transport sample buckets and bags of up to 40 pounds. Benefits __ _Vulcan Materials Company offers a competitive compensation program and benefits package including: medical/dental/vision, paid holidays and vacations, life insurance, 401(k) with match and flexible spending accounts._ Vulcan is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or genetics, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law from discrimination.