We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Technical Operations Technical Operations is the maintenance, repair and overhaul division of United. The department includes aircraft maintenance technicians, engineers, planners, ground equipment and facilities teams, supply chain teams and more. Job overview and responsibilities Analyst - Aircraft Records is responsible for implementation of procedures and controls established within department or responsible functional group (or fleet type), in accordance with FAA, GMM and department DOP regulations, policies and procedures. Responsible for the overall mainframe forecast establishment, updates, audits and accuracy. Ensure that individual transactions and decisions result in complete and accurate mainframe tracking system, maintenance compliance records and status reports; that are maintained in accordance with the FAA, corporate and department retention policies. Responsible to accurately initialize or revise future maintenance mainframe task and time limit forecast, for applicable airframe, assembly and/or component specifications (or fleet types), based upon written instructions received from Engineering and/or MX Programs. Application of department policies and procedures that result in the timely receipt, accountability, audit and retention of maintenance compliance records (paper/electronic), as applicable to assigned function and/or fleet type airframes, engines, and/or components. Manage and coordinate records and status reports related to recurring inspections, deferrals, audits and special projects (i.e. aircraft exits, FAA audits, data migrations, external FAA/Legal/Other department requests, etc) for functional or fleet specific status reports and/or maintenance compliance records. Exercise analytical problem solving skills to ensure that database systems match the configuration, condition and maintenance/inspection status of the actual aircraft, assemblies and components. Coordinate with other departments or working together groups on projects and initiatives involving or affecting Aircraft Records. Technical Operations –Aircraft Records - Team Descriptions Regulatory and Configuration Management – This team consists of Analysts and Sr. Analysts that focus on implementing SCEPTRE controls and procedures from source documents and guidance from Engineering and Maintenance Programs, equipment manufacturers (Service Bulletins), and the FAA (Airworthiness Directives). This team manages the configuration of the aircraft and writes documentation and procedures to maintain consistent standards within the department to ensure safety and compliance. Project Management work approximately 60%. This team has a rotational on-call schedule for after- hours, weekends, and holidays. Fleet Operations – This team consists of Analysts and Sr. Analysts that maintain the daily maintenance tracking of the aircraft, including by not limited to part changes, deferred maintenance, component and asset tracking, and time control maintenance forecast management to ensure ongoing safety and compliance. Project Management work approximately 15%. This team is operational and will be staffed 24/7 requiring shift work. Major Assemblies – This team consists of Analysts and Sr. Analysts that maintain the daily maintenance tracking of the major assemblies of the aircraft (engines, landing gear, and APUs), including by not limited to induction/leases of assemblies, assembly shop maintenance auditing, assembly changes, assembly asset tracking, and time control maintenance forecast management to ensure ongoing safety and compliance, including Airworthiness Directives. Project Management work approximately 25%. This team may have occasional need for after-hours, weekends, and holiday work to support the supply chain. Transfers and Audits – This team consists of Analysts and Sr. Analysts that focus on the induction of new and used aircraft, exit and records transfer of aircraft and major assemblies, and provide internal control audits for the department IAW CASS criteria. This team maintain initial loading to track all items on the aircraft at induction and provide reports and documentation through the lease life-cycle, through exit, at which time they manage the transfer of the aircraft. the major assemblies of the aircraft and major assemblies. They are responsible for initial data integrity including but not limited to aircraft component inventory, assembly inventory, Airworthiness Directives, certification, and time control maintenance forecast management to ensure ongoing safety and compliance. Project Management work approximately 65%. This team may have occasional need for after-hours, weekends, and holiday work to support the supply chain. Document Management – This team consists of Coordinators, Analysts and Sr. Analysts that account, audit and retain the “proof of compliance” documentation of aircraft, analyzing the sign-offs, researching/identifying and reconciling discrepancies, ensuring the receipt and retention of the documentation with integrity allowing for the research and recollection of data/documents on demand. This team regularly works with the FAA, Legal and internal departments to provide documentation on demand. Project Management work approximately 15%. This team may have rare need for after-hours, weekends, and holiday work. Required High School Diploma/GED or equivalent Applicable hands-on knowledge and experience applying FAA records and recordkeeping regulations Strong and demonstrated analytical problem solving skills . Demonstrated skills, working independently and within and between work groups Able to multi-task and comply with priorities, even if they change, corresponding with operational needs Experience with company maintenance mainframe tracking systems and reports Proficient in use of Microsoft Office products Ability to lift 25 pound boxes, on occasion Some travel both domestic and international Shift work required including nights and weekends Willing and able to be on call 24/7 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualifications Reliable, punctual attendance is essential function of the position Preferred BS/BA Degree, or equivalent aviation maintenance experience At least 2+ years of airline maintenance analytical recordkeeping experience Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT