Give your career the best treatment. Ready to be part of the first and largest pediatric hospital in Southern California? This is Children's Hospital Los Angeles. A place where you can make a real difference in the lives of our patients and their families. A big responsibility? Absolutely. But if you’re up for the challenge, we’re on the lookout for amazing professionals to join our elite teams – talented individuals who can continue our high level of care. The Information Security Analyst II is responsible for information security policy development and maintenance; design of security policy education, training, and awareness activities; monitoring compliance with CHLA IS security policy and applicable laws such as HIPAA and HITECH; and coordinating investigation and reporting of security incidents. Working with other Information Services’ departments, the Analyst will monitor, assess, and participate in the review of the CHLA business continuity and disaster recovery programs, assist in performing network penetration tests, application vulnerability assessment scans and risk assessment reviews. Responsible for managing and monitoring regular activity such as Service tickets assigned to Information Security, dashboard metrics and other reports. Coordinate and execute IS security projects for the hospital and assist in project planning roles as required. Monitor and report on information security issues related to the systems and workflow at CHLA to ensure the internal security controls for the hospital are appropriate and operating as intended. Conduct hospital- wide data classification assessment and security audits and assist with remediation plans. Develop and publish Information Security policies, procedures, standards and guidelines based on research and knowledge of best practices and compliance requirements. This will be used as a foundation for security awareness and education for CHLA. Minimum Experience Required: Four years of progressive experience in computing and information security, including experience with Internet technology and security issues, preferably in a Health Care environment. Experience should include security policy development, security education, audit reviews, application vulnerability assessments, risk analysis and compliance testing. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required: Knowledge of information security standards (e.g., ISO 17799/27002, etc.), rules and regulations related to information security and data confidentiality (e.g., HIPAA, etc.) and desktop, server, application, database, network security principles for risk identification and analysis. Knowledge of business process standards and policies (ITIL, LEAN, Six Sigma). Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent communication (oral, written, presentation), interpersonal and consultative skills. EOE/AA