Matson’s transportation offerings span the globe from Shanghai to Savannah and encompass everything from providing a vital lifeline to the economies of Hawaii, Alaska, Guam, Micronesia and the South Pacific to delivering a wide range of multi-modal services throughout North America. Long recognized as a leader in Pacific shipping, Matson continues to strengthen its ocean transportation services through fleet enhancements, industry leading on-time arrivals and award-winning customer service. As one of the nations' top logistics providers, Matson Logistics extends the reach of the company’s transportation network, offering customers domestic and international rail intermodal service, long haul and regional highway brokerage, supply chain services and LTL transportation services, as well as third-party logistics services that include warehousing, distribution, and international freight forwarding. A career at Matson will offer you challenging assignments, learning opportunities, competitive pay and benefits which includes retirement plans, rewards programs and the chance to participate in social and philanthropic events in your community. We have multiple work locations including Phoenix and Oakland. Visit www.matson.com for a list of open positions. The Tariff Maintenance Specialist (TMS) is responsible for preparing Tariff Maintenance (TM) to enable production of accurate and timely freight bills for all of the Matson’s Trades and Services, including but not limited to testing and conditioning TM, assisting Account Specialists (AS) in trouble-shooting billing problems, updating vendors’ payable data, and assisting in vendors’ payable disputes. The TMS is also responsible for timely publication of Matson’s public tariffs & circulars, including proper administration of algorithm to ensure accurate on-line calculation. This requires a complete and thorough understanding of all Matson’s tariffs, rules and regulations, and freight contracts. It also requires the understanding of the interfaces among GATES Booking & Billing, TM, FPS, Trucker Rates, CP, and Quote System. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Maintain the Accuracy standards set for the Department as a whole, and/or as modified for TMS. Maintain none to extremely low error in entering TM updates and conditions. Meet and/or exceed the productivity standards set for the Department as a whole, and/or as modified for TMS. Attain & maintain a working knowledge of all Matson Tariffs and freight contracts. Reach in-depth or “expert” status in all Trades or major services, including the rating of complex shipments, involving multiple commodity/multiple container shipments. Maintain a working knowledge of the billing process in utilization of computer routines to select appropriate tariff, commodity, rate item and rate. Maintain a working knowledge of the reconciliation process of special accounts set up related to fuel, split billing, payables set by Pricing Department. Maintain an in-depth knowledge of the functions, navigation and entry of the Matson computer systems used in the billing process. Reach in-depth knowledge of all Matson computer systems interface with the billing systems, specifically, the booking/customer service components of GATES, GEMS, and FPS. Maintain a working knowledge of the structures which provide rates to the billing process and the procedure to follow if the proper rate(s) are not provided. Enter or provide the information for entry into TM, and understands the requirements to properly condition tariff items, rates, notes and rules to ensure the maximum automation possible. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience Two years college or technical school experience preferred; or three to six months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Computer Skills To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Database software; Internet software; Spreadsheet software and Word Processing software. AA/EOE/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities Matson is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, AIDS/HIV status, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including, but not limited to, the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.