Are you ready to lead dynamic data science and analyst teams to rapidly improve a massive online business? Ready for one of the best tech opportunities in Seattle? Groupon’s mission is to become the daily habit in local commerce and fulfill our purpose of building strong communities through thriving small businesses by connecting people to a vibrant, global marketplace for local services, experiences, and goods. In the process, we’re positively impacting the lives of millions of customers and merchants globally. Even with thousands of employees spread across multiple continents, we still maintain a culture that inspires innovation, rewards risk-taking and celebrates success. Do you want to take more ownership of your career? Then you're ready to be part of Groupon. We’re seeking a Data Science & Analytics leader with experience leading technical teams to drive successful paid marketing programs. This role is both technical and management focused, and the successful candidate will be analytical, creative, comfortable driving strategy, leading analytical exercises, and developing a dynamic team of data scientists, business analysts, and BI engineers. If you’re passionate about leading data science programs that are outcome-oriented and have a proven track record of using data to drive business success, then this is the opportunity you should explore. Groupon’s culture offers a perfect hybrid between startup-like atmosphere with the ability to impact the overall business and the assets of a public company. We're curious, fun, a little intense, and obsessed with helping local businesses thrive. Examples of the types of things you will need to be able to lead in this role include analytical and data science initiatives in bidding for Google Adwords & Facebook campaigns, landing page optimizations, keyword recommendations and generation initiatives for SEM & SEO, deal recommendation for users, and more. In this role, you’ll be running A/B experiments across paid marketing channels to understand the effectiveness of new methods with deep statistical rigor. You should be comfortable driving incrementality frameworks & attribution methodologies to ensure our paid marketing is driving the maximum positive impact to Groupon. Responsibilities: Manage a high-performing team of data scientists and business analysts to help drive our understanding of paid marketing and loyalty programs, including customer lifetime valuation systems, marketing attribution, and profitability behaviors. Develop and guide individual career development plans for the data scientists, business analysts, and BI engineers on your team. Push methodological and statistical excellence in the rest of the global analytics and data science org. Communicate actionable results and findings derived from data throughout all levels of the organization in a clear, concise way. Improve the efficiency of our paid marketing systems through the rigorous application of data science and analytical understanding. Help Groupon build a world-class loyalty program by providing a thorough understanding of Groupon’s customer base and learning what loyalty levers they have the best reaction to. Ensure the paid marketing team exceeds its growth targets while managing all the necessary trade-offs to balance cost with profitability. Run A/B experiments in and across all paid marketing channels to learn which strategies are most effective Requirements: Masters in Computer Science or Mathematics with majors in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, or a related quantitative field 5+ years of experience in applied machine learning/deep learning 3+ years of experience in managing teams of data scientists, analysts, and BI engineers Demonstrated experience applying Data Science methodologies to real-world marketing, loyalty, or e-commerce problems Strong Familiarity with at least one scripting language: R, Python, or Scala Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, or Pig The preferred candidate will have experience with model production in Spark, application deployment using AWS, Virtual Machines, or Docker, and programming experience in a system programming language such as C/C++ or Java. Strong experience with reporting and analytics tools such as Tableau Experience querying large databases Ability to simplify insights and communicate clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences Demonstrated strength in conceptual strategy and execution while still maintaining a roll-up-your-sleeves management style Excellent customer empathy & CX intuition; demonstrated success in creating innovative and user-friendly products and customer-facing features Strong organizational skills with demonstrated ability to simultaneously manage multiple high-complexity projects. Excellent organizational and presentation skills with the ability to successfully interact and influence functions at all levels of an organization and with customers.