About Us: Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC) is the global leader in cyber security. Operating one of the world’s largest cyber intelligence networks, we see more threats, and protect more customers from the next generation of attacks. We help companies, governments and individuals secure their most important data wherever it lives. We make the world a safer place by helping people, businesses and governments protect and manage their information, so they can focus on achieving their goals. Job Description: The Principle Information Security Analyst is an integral part in the Cyber Defense Operations team and will be responsible for monitoring, detecting, and responding to security events, incidents and threats. This role ensures that security risks are analyzed and triaged using a wide range of information security technologies. In addition, this role will help improve the risk posture of the organization by implementing controls to prevent or mitigate security risks and exposures. Additional responsibilities may be asked as deemed necessary. Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Review, validate, and categorize security events using a variety of information security technologies. Analyze a variety of network and host-based logs to assist with security investigations. Thoroughly document security investigations for various stakeholders across the company. Proactive hunting on the network to identify security risks. Make recommendations and/or implement security controls and countermeasures to prevent or mitigate various security risks. Assist with routine compliance and audit functions to ensure requirements are satisfied. Provide input to the department’s leadership for enhancing the information security strategy. Stay current on security industry trends, attack techniques, mitigation techniques, security technologies and new and evolving threats to the organization by attending conferences, networking with peers and other education opportunities. Required Competencies: Review, validate, and categorize security events using a variety of information security technologies. Analyze a variety of network and host-based logs to assist with security investigations. Thoroughly document security investigations for various stakeholders across the company. Proactive hunting on the network to identify security risks. Make recommendations and/or implement security controls and countermeasures to prevent or mitigate various security risks. Exceptional communication and advocacy skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to express complex technical issues in an easily understood manner. Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively and respectfully with both business-oriented executives and technology-oriented personnel in teams across the organization. Ability to protect all forms of highly confidential and proprietary business information and ability to maintain the highest standards of privacy and security. Ability to follow and abide by all information and security policies and practices. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Assurance, or a related degree or equivalent experience. A minimum of five (5) years of experience in an Information Security related role. A minimum of one (1) year of experience in a Cyber Defense Operations Center or Security Operations Center. Hands-on experience in tools and processes used in security event and incident detection and protection (i.e. antivirus, IDS/IPS, SIEM, etc.). Thorough understanding of well-known protocols (HTTP, SSH, FTP, LDAP, etc). In-depth network analysis (pcap), core forensic familiarity, and incident response skills. Ability to multi-task and work in fast-paced environment. An in-depth understanding of: Windows, Mac, and Linux-based operating systems from both a user-endpoint and server perspective. Common and emerging attack vectors, penetration methods, countermeasures, and remediation methods and implications. Scripting experience preferred in one or more of the following languages: R, Python, Ruby, Perl, BASH, PowerShell. Knowledge of information security industry and regulatory obligations (PCI DSS, SOX404, SOC1/2, ISO 27000-series, NIST Framework, etc.). Industry Certifications preferred: CISSP, GSEC, GCIA, GCIH, GCFA, OSCP, etc.