Job Requisition ID: 13564 Additional Locations: Seattle, WA, Spokane, WA, Portland, Oregon _PLEASE NOTE: This is not a full time opportunity. The availability of work varies from month-to-month and is on an as-needed basis. This contingent position is paid by a third party payrolling vendor while the Consultant is providing services for HMH to HMH clients._ _We are currently seeking individuals with teaching expertise in the area of K-6 English Language Arts, K-12 Science, English Language Development._ Overall Responsibility: The Professional Services Consultant provides premier customer service, professional learning, in-person support and coaching to teachers and leaders using Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMH) programs. The Professional Services Consultant will work in partnership with the aligned Manager of Professional Services. Primary Accountabilities: Professional Development Ensure deep program knowledge Provide best practice quality implementation training and professional learning for HMH programs for teachers, coaches and leaders Provide reports following each professional learning session Coaching Provide individual and team coaching to teachers using HMH programs to ensure fidelity, support instruction, differentiation, and strengthen results Share best instructional practices for HMH programs Model regular use of assessment and report data to individualize and differentiate instruction Make recommendations for further program or service needs based on coaching visits Facilitate goal setting with teachers during each visit Provide coaching reports following each visit SKILLS & COMPETENCIES: Thorough knowledge of educational pedagogy Basic knowledge of performance data, statistics Basic understanding of technology-based products Excellent training, facilitating and presentation skills Customer focused ethics EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: 4 year college degree, Master’s degree preferred Education background and teaching experience Experience in working with educators and presenting to adults Thorough knowledge of PowerPoint, Excel and MS Word OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Must be available year-round for during the day, varying hours assignments with some overnights possible Some travel may be required Must have acceptable driving record This is a home-based role with varying hours on a part-time/intermittent basis. This is a part-time, intermittent opportunity and those hired will be W-2 employees of a third party payrolling vendor. ABOUT US: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (NASDAQ:HMHC) is a global learning company dedicated to changing people’s lives by fostering passionate, curious learners. As a leading provider of pre-K–12 education content, services, and cutting-edge technology solutions across a variety of media, HMH enables learning in a changing landscape. HMH is uniquely positioned to create engaging and effective educational content and experiences from early childhood to beyond the classroom. HMH serves more than 50 million students in over 150 countries worldwide, while its award-winning children's books, novels, non-fiction, and reference titles are enjoyed by readers throughout the world. For more information, visit http://careers.hmhco.com PLEASE NOTE: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is an equal employment opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, race/ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.