At Damco Distribution Services we are experts at warehousing, distribution, and transportation. Your shoes were likely made in China. Have you ever wondered how it got to your local retailer? Or, what’s in that shipping container going down your local highway? At Damco Distribution Services, we know. In fact, we facilitate the deconsolidation and movement of freight all across the US and Canada every single day. Working as an independent business unit, Damco Distribution Services is a member of the Maersk group of companies and is financially affiliated to one of the world’s largest and most respected transportation and logistics organizations. Formerly known as Maersk Distribution, Damco Distribution has provided customized distribution solutions for over 25 years. Each client’s supply chain is evaluated to optimize efficiency from factory production, all the way to end user delivery. The goal is not only to minimize lead times but also to minimize inventory levels and costs, thus making the client's business more flexible. Our warehouse network spans from East to West Coasts of the United States and in Canada, with a workforce of some 650 employees. Services include transloading and automated sortation, cross-docking, DC bypass, replenishment, drayage management, and inland transportation. The company stands by its brand attributes of: Passion for Customers, Dedication to Service Delivery, Differentiation and Energized People. Working at Damco Distribution Services brings a unique blend of being part of a conglomerate with rich heritage and an exuberant, enthusiastic, fast-paced logistics company. We believe encouraging our employees to learn, take risks, and grow their career. You bring your hands on work ethic, positive attitude and strong leadership skills. We provide you with a range of unique opportunities from operations to customer service that will accelerate your development in one of the world’s leading logistics companies which is part of a Fortune 500 global organization. We offer We offer competitive compensation and benefits packages which include but are not limited to: A competitive salary: A comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage A 401k Retirement Plan Paid time off Tuition Reimbursement And More Key responsibilities The Dock Clerical Administrator is responsible for providing administrative and/or customer service support to multi-shift terminal operations. This position is a point of contact for processing and verifying shipment documentation, tracking incoming freight and preparing packages for shipments. Though the primary role is to support for shipment of inbound and outbound freight, this position will also be assisting in troubleshooting inventory accuracy, yard activity support and ensuring customers’ requirements are met. Key Responsibilities: Verifies accuracy of inbound and outbound documentation Tracks incoming containers and provide support to resolve issues as necessary Prepares packages for shipments using windows based shipping systems Coordinates documentation for incoming freight to ensure swift movement of cargo accuracy Solve any issues that impact inventory accuracy Supports Yard department with gate activities, equipment reconciliation reporting and equipment management, as needed Support Customer Service department with systematic data entry, reporting and customer communication Support Damco Distribution's commitment to quality, which includes customer specific Quality program(s), training requirements and work instructions Performs job related duties as specified by management We are looking for You have a self-starter attitude and are able to work independently, performing well with time-sensitive tasks. You are organized and are able stay focused on details, while meeting customer expectations in a fast-paced environment. You have a good working knowledge of MS Office products. You have a high school degree/equivalent and/or college degree. Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to perform well with time-sensitive tasks Team player attitude Flexibility to work nights, holidays, and weekends