JOB SUMMARY: One is responsible for providing safe and engaging care for all families using Fit Kids Gym, Play Zone and Kids Zone. The person in this position must provide a high level of customer service to our diverse membership base and create a positive age-appropriate learning environment to all program participants. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Provide a fun as well as safe play environment for all participants. ? Accountable for the safety, security, and close supervision of every child using our childcare areas. ? Initiate exciting age-appropriate activities for toddlers and young children and periodically change activity selections using toys and equipment provided. ? Be engaging and interactive with the children at all times. ? Exercise creativity and enthusiasm with children while in your supervision ? Respond quickly and professionally to emergency situations following YWCA guidelines. ? Perform regular cleaning and straightening duties as assigned. Provide accurate information to parents and handle all documentation needs accurately and in a timely manner. ? Provide a high level of customer service to all of our families. ? Provide a welcoming and caring environment to everyone. ? Respond professionally to all parental concerns and questions. ? Consistently enforce all of the Kid Zone and Fit Kids gym policies. ? Maintain a detailed and consistent reservation system in Kid Zone and Play Zone. ? Maintain accurate statistics of program participation and forward to coordinator. ? Inform supervisor of any facility or equipment problems Keep current and enforce all YWCA organizational and departmental rules, regulations and procedures. ? Enforce all YWCA rules, regulations, and procedures consistently. ? Attend all departmental meetings and training sessions. ? Understand and interpret the YWCA mission and relate it to members and public while promoting YWCA programs. ? Maintain all required certifications and attend all required safety training.(i.e., Blood borne Pathogens) RELATIONSHIPS: This position reports to the Member Services Coordinator at UT and the Operations Coordinator at MT who reports to the General Manager. The incumbent will interact with the Member Services and Operations Coordinator, General Manager, children of our members, and members. QUALIFICATIONS: Required: Must have current CPR, First Aid and AED certifications. In process of High school diploma or general education degree.(GED) Minimum of one year experience working with children and toddlers: equivalent combination of education and experience. Must have exceptional ability to create a fun and safe play environment. Must be able to engage children and interact at their level. Possess excellent customer service skills. Ability to mange conflict as it arises with a positive impact for customers and peers. Ability to problem solve effectively with or without direction. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Regularly required to: stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and talk or hear. Frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Noise level in the work environment can be loud. ADDITIONAL NOTES: This job description represents the major functions but is not intended to be all-inclusive.