Your Responsibilities : GSK is seeking a Content Strategist to join the open pharmatech revolution on our DevMarket API design team. In this role, you will have an opportunity to drive the content and experience of the new DevMarket platform focused on developers and technology partners. Initially used by GSK developers for GSK products, APIs will soon be used by developers anywhere to create new innovative experiences for GSK customers and partners. DevMarket combines the best of a startup environment inside a largely successful company. You will have the opportunity to be at the forefront of open pharmatech and drive next generation pharmaceutical products. As a Content Strategist at GSK, you will leverage your expertise as you work with our Platform Engineering team and focus on the design, contexts and multiple touch points. This is a hands-on design role. You will be self- organizing and collaborate with a multidisciplinary team that includes software engineers, machine learning engineers, data scientists and business partners who share your passion and drive for solving human and business problems. Eye for Detail: You are a content strategist who creates thoughtful stories that will delight customers. You obsess about the details, but you understand the implications on the big picture. Customer Advocate: People who experience your content feel like you really know them. You’re passionate about user research and seek to elevate the customer’s needs above your own preferences. Design Thinker: You lead human-centered design activities that frame business and customer problems. You prototype low-fidelity ways of solving problems, and design experiences that can scale to serve millions of customers. Data Analyst: You work with interdisciplinary teams to find metrics to measure your designs against business needs. You seek out analytics and user testing data to help guide future design decisions, and you iterate on your past design decisions with a focus on continuous improvement. Let’s start the conversation. We’re not looking to fill a cookie-cutter job description. We want to discover what you’re passionate about and what makes you unique! Why You? You’re a UX designer and strategist, except your medium is words instead of pixels. You work well with designers, and enjoy being embedded in every step of the process. Why You? • Bachelor's degree or military experience At least 3 years of experience in digital design At least 1 year of experience performing user testing Preferred qualifications: • Master's degree A solid grasp of user-centered design and testing methodologies A solid portfolio of successful past projects At least 2 years as an active user of Design Thinking methodology At least 1 year participating and driving user research agendas Why GSK? : At GSK, our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. Our three world-leading businesses research and deliver innovative medicines, vaccines and consumer healthcare products. We need a talented and motivated workforce to deliver against our strategy. To achieve this, we strive to attract the best people and to create an environment that empowers and inspires. Contact information: You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button. _If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK HR Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US)._ _GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class._ __ _Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies_ _GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site._ Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.