POSITION STORY: This is a full-time [24]7 position as a Data Scientist, specializing in Information Architecture. You will be responsible for: Architecting Big Data customer journey models comprised of billions of rows of data, dozens of data feeds, and millions of customers, using our patent pending [24]7 CJA (Customer Journey Analytics) software. Working with clients to understand their strategic, business, and analytics goals around customer journeys, and using this understanding to drive data gathering, model creation, and analytics. (Examples of client customer journey goals can range from “reducing complaints during the on-boarding process of mortgage customers” to “increasing overall customer satisfaction net promoter scores” to “reducing call centre spending by $50 million/year”.) Leading data modellers, engineers, and analysts develop, deploy, test, and maintain customer journey models and the supporting ETL for both cloud and client on-prem deployments. Supporting analytics teams with insight and advice on how best to achieve superior business outcomes for clients. You will work on client-focused teams with ETL Engineers, Data Modelers, Data Analysts, Customer Journey Consultants, and Installation Engineers, supporting multiple client engagements, engagements that are focused on combining powerful, software-generated ‘Big Data’ insights with traditional, hands-on process improvement techniques to generate root cause understanding and actionable recommendations to challenging customer experience issues. Our clients are the biggest telecommunications, banking, insurance, retail, and utility companies worldwide, who use our Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) software to get unprecedented insights into their customer journeys allowing them to drive people, process, and system improvements worth millions of dollars. Join a well-established, Silicon Valley-backed (Sequoia Capital) company that is on the cutting edge of using AI to deliver a superior customer experience. You’ll fit in well at [24]7 if you thrive on owning problems, working collaboratively with global teams and innovating to solve complex issues as needed to get results. Even more, you ‘get’ what we do: innovating AI based technology to help companies acquire customers and manage relationships that drive new levels of customer satisfaction and profitability. Learn more at www.247.ai. TO BE SUCCESSFUL, YOU WILL: Work with client business, data, and IT stakeholders to understand their strategic business goals, analytics goals, current and future business targets, pain points and opportunities. Conduct full life cycle analysis of data sets in consultation with senior colleagues and client stakeholders, including implementing data acquisition, cleansing, transformation and upload activities. Work with clients and colleagues to identify categories and sources of customer data that will help engagement achieve their targets (i.e. business outcomes). Lead a team of ETL modelers who will code data ingestion/transformation scripts: Develop the high level designs for client customer journey models (typically consisting of IVR, call center, web, email, chat, mobile app, ATM, CRM, NPS, retail, order, provisioning, fulfillment, and/or field service data). Develop the instructions (data modeling guides) to be used by ETL modelers. Manage the ETL modeling team, to include planning, development, and testing, insuring the quality of final client models. Lead data management, quality, and enrichment activities for client deployments: Perform quality checks to ensure consistency, integrity and quality of data. Proactively identify potential issues with data quality, collection or reporting. Assist team members to develop solutions to pragmatic data issues such as source access, format processing, quality management, record deduplication, formatting, masking and security. Perform impactful data enrichment, based on understanding of the client, the industry, and types of data that are typically available. Support our delivery teams, often remotely, in managing client data. Work with project leadership to assist multiple client-focused teams to achieve successful engagements and outstanding planned outcomes for clients. Support business development by participating in pre-sales opportunities for new customers and relationship building/opportunity identification with existing clients. As a subject matter expert and as an evangelist, help sales people communicate the value and capabilities of Big Data customer journey analytics and [24]7 CJA software. Be willing to travel 5% to 25% of the time (depending on client needs). TO BE SUCCESSFUL YOU HAVE: 10+ years’ experience in data-related roles/domains/tools/industries, preferably with: Big Data experience. Experience working with customer touchpoint/customer experience datasets: IVR, call center, web, NPS, chat, mobile app, ATM, CRM, email, retail, field service data, etc., to include structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. Large B2C industry experience: telecommunications, financial services, airlines & travel, utilities, retail, to include experience with their IT environments/ infrastructure/data sets. 3+ years of hands-on information architect/data scientist experience. 3+ years of experience leading teams/staff of data professionals. Deep interest and/or experience in data analytics: root cause, diagnostic, predictive, statistical, temporal event sequences. Specific experience with customer/customer experience analytics a strong plus. Lean, six sigma, business transformation and digital transformation experience all desirable (though not required). Solid business acumen, comfort working with clients, excellent professional people/client/team/communication skills. An existing ability to perform data analytics with multiple tools, especially understanding and using complex queries written in SQL. Ability to learn new software to a good level of fluency, so that you can work with CJA software and work with clients directly. Comfort and flexibility in dealing with ambiguity, working with imperfect data, changing business requirements, and new team members. A strong work ethic, high level of initiative, excellent attention to detail. ABOUT [24]7: [24]7 is redefining the way companies interact with consumers. Using artificial intelligence and machine learning to understand consumer intent, [24]7’s technology helps companies create a personalized, predictive and effortless customer experience across all channels. The world’s largest and most recognizable brands are using intent-driven engagement from [24]7 to assist several hundred million visitors annually, through more than 1.5 billion conversations, most of which are automated. The result is an order of magnitude improvement in digital adoption, customer satisfaction, and revenue growth.