JOB DESCRIPTION The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst supports and informs decisions of sales leadership globally, by developing insightful recommendations through analysis and interpretation of sales data, sales pipeline information, sales performance data and related data sources. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES This position conducts analysis of market, customer, and/or competitor data, translating these data into effective business intelligence. This role combines business thinking, analytical skills, statistical methods, and technical expertise to perform information analysis and decision support. Generate summary and specified reports and dashboards which represent data in brief and intelligible format, suitable for the target audience, which includes sales leadership. Carry out quality assessment of data, data reports and the accompanying decisions. Create and maintain sales deployment models, including sales channel models, territory optimization indices, and territory assignment models and maps. Conduct analysis of findings and offer action-driven recommendations and insights to sales leaders and managers, including segmentation, customer backorder impact, CRM, and related sales tool reporting Receives assignments of custom projects, consisting of non-routine requests. In such situations, shapes and refines the precise problem definition, determines the end results. _This position is required to assure compliance of Company operations to all applicable laws, regulations and standards, good business practices and company documented procedures (including knowledge of all standards, government occupational health and environmental regulations and statutes related to the site)._ _Engage others, promote, and participate in Environmental, Health, and Safety initiatives, focusing on continuous improvement._ REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in relevant subject matter such as mathematics, operations management, business administration or equivalent. MBA or master’s degree strongly preferred. A minimum of 5-7 years of experience in business intelligence, marketing, and/or a related analytical role, preferably in the health care industry (but not required). Deep and varied experience in analyzing and interpreting data. Thorough experience in designing and communicating managerial level presentations and reports. Outstanding skills in finding resolution to complicated problems while performing independently in a multifaceted and dynamic environment. Outstanding knowledge of essential business practices. Excellent project management skills. Competence with Microsoft Office suite. Power user of MS Access and Excel required. Visual Basic programming knowledge/expertise a plus. Experience working with large data sets and OLAP tools (OBIEE, Business Objects, etc.) required. Working knowledge of SPSS (or other statistical package) desired. Ability to liaise with executive leadership to spearhead the organization in employing data-motivated decision making. Ability to apply world class data analysis methods and tools, including ‘big data’ tools, data science methods, and leading edge reporting and analysis tools. Ability to understand complex problems and communicate problems and solutions simply and effectively. ABOUT US At Smiths Medical, we are passionate about improving and saving the lives of patients through high quality, innovative medical devices and services. We are a leading global manufacturer of specialty medical devices that provides innovative and lifesaving solutions for the world’s healthcare markets. Specializing in Infusion Therapy, Vascular Access, Vital Care, and Specialty Products & Services, our products are found in hospital, emergency, home and specialty care environments and are used during critical and intensive care, surgery, post-operative care and for supporting managing chronic illness. Smiths Medical is an EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled If you require assistance with our online job submission process, please contact our Talent Acquisition team at 855-754-5032 to request an accommodation. Additionally, Smiths Medical invites interested deaf and hard of hearing applicants to use Video Relay Service (VRS).