RTP Application Developer-180018709 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Real Time Payments Senior Application Developer U.S. Bank is seeking a senior level Application Developer candidate with design, development and technical oversight experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives. Candidate will be responsible for providing senior level design, development and technical oversight of our Real Time Payments development/support team which includes the design, development and support of large and complex application systems. Duties Include: Assists in the development of the application's architecture and blueprints on which functional and non-functional requirements (which reflect the business needs of the enterprise) can be met. Creates developer technical designs. Assists with the mapping of the application's architecture to the chosen technology platform. Defines application components, platforms, interfaces, development tools, and testing approaches. Provides technical oversight to application development teams. Consults on integration and conversion activities. Recommends redesign or redevelopment. Assists with selection of technologies to provide long-term compatibility and flexibility. Assists in analyzing organizational needs and goals for the purpose of incorporating into the design, development, and implementation of applications. Ensures that non- functional requirements are appropriately defined, and that the application architecture supports these requirements. Assists with determining appropriate strategies regarding long-term application direction. Assists with compliance of Enterprise Architecture, Technology Standards, and Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity Planning. May lead, provide direction, and coordinate activities of application development staff. Interacts with business line(s), vendors and other technologists. Participates in the evaluation of vendor products to determine conformance with bank technical standards and appropriate fit with business needs. Successful applicants will exemplify US Bank's ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, accountability for decisions and actions, and good citizenship. Leaders at U.S. Bank consistently demonstrate integrity and ethics, maturity and resilience, and inspire trust and confidence among their teams. Our leaders are strong communicators who promote collaborative relationships, influence others, and value the diversity of backgrounds and ideas among their employees. Responsibilities -Provides technical oversight to a team of payments development/support staff. -Participates in the technical design of application systems. -Develops, implements and supports application systems. -Assists in definition of time tables and project tasks; analyzes and estimates cost and time. -Performs change impact analysis tasks. -Creates comprehensive unit test plans and test cases. -Participates in design, coding, testing, implementation, and documentation of solutions. -Creates and executes performance tests to ensure that expected application performance levels are achieved. -Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintains, and modifies computer programs of moderate complexity, significance, and risk. - Works with software vendors to understand systems and configurable options, applies configurable options, works with testing staff and Operations staff to test and implement. -Contributes and at times, leads clients and technical staff to investigate, analyze, and resolve technical problems related to system functions, programming, configurable options, and procedures. -Joins in post- implementation reviews of both application development content and process to maximize and share learning. -Shares in monitoring operating efficiency of existing systems. -Writes documentation that describes installation and operating procedures. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience 10+ years experience with developing and implementing application Required/Desired Skills Skill Required /Desired Amount of Experience Java & Java scripting Required 7 Years SQL Server Required 7 Years Online Transaction Processing Tools Required 7 Years Interfacing with vendor legacy systems Required 7 Years API Developing SOAP/REFT – Required 7 Years Will be tested on this during interview process JSON Required 7 Years Understanding of DB2 is critical Required 7 Years Understanding IBM virtual machine Required 7 Years processing WTX, IBM Installation Manager, Highly desired Cognos, IDM Integration Bus (IIB) Real time payment system experience Highly desired Preferred Skills/Experience Extensive experience in: -On-line transaction processing tools -Product and vendor evaluation -Interfacing new vendor systems to legacy systems (mainframe and distributed) via MQ services -Developing API’s for end customer access to new vendor systems -Information security management Application and system testing User interface design Business process modeling Subject matter expert in: -System development life cycle including but not limited to Agile, Waterfall, DevOps -Change Control Programming languages including but not limited to JAVA, HTML, XML, JSON, API’s, MQ services for application interfacing -Systems components including but not limited to AIX OS on the IBM Power PC series, DB2, IBM WebSphere MQ, familiarity with IBM virtual machine and “Hub” concepts (multiple formats in/out, heavy use of business rules with some “machine learning”) as well as "PowerHA", "PowerHA DR", "Cloud Design", "PowerVC", "Websphere Transformation Extender", "IBM Installation Manager and Packaging Utility", "Cognos Business Intelligence", "IBM Integration Bus 9.0", "Power8", "Power VM Provisioning Toolkit", "NIM Server", "LPAR", "WTX Mapping", and "FSM Model". -IT standards, procedures, policy -Information management Application development, testing, delivery, implementation, and maintenance Release management -Requirements analysis -Application architecture, design and development processes and tools -Data Structures -Payment Technologies -Fraud/Compliance Detection and Mitigation Financial Back Office Processes and Procedures Client Server and Mainframe Environments Modeling: data, process, events, objects Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Saint Paul Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40