Job Summary: We are looking for Data Architects that truly understand the impact of data and have the ability to translate the business needs into building Next Generation Data Platform. Modeling and architecting the solution, developing the deliverable and being able to participate across the entire stack are critical aspects of the role. The Data Architect is a leader on the team and expected to coach and mentor all members of the Business Intelligence team around best practices and model driven development. Specific responsibilities include (but are not limited to): Design, develop, document, test, and debug new and existing Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Platform. Model and Architect Solutions around delivering data quickly and with quality to the stakeholders. Participate in building a modern approach to Data Warehouse and BI Platform Understand performance metrics for business value Collaborate in a decentralized environment Build features in their entirety Measure outcomes of your projects Working under minimal supervision with wide latitude for independent judgment. An ideal candidate will have the following: 4-7 Years Architecting and Building Database Models Experience with Modeling tools such as erwin, ER/Studio Experience with BI Tools such as Tableau, Cognos, Power BI Ability to rapidly prototype solutions and analyze data to understand impact to the ecosystem Proven ability to work in a rigorous, fast-moving environment Experience with multiple technologies including SQL, Python and R Understanding and capability to design and implement Data Governance and Metadata Management platforms You’ll fit right in if: You are a skilled software engineer and continually striving to learn new things. You work at improving your craft and enjoy sharing what you learn with others. You are driven by metrics, not your gut, and willing to prove yourself wrong. You are just as inquisitive about the business as you are intrigued by digital innovation. You have experience with an array of full-stack technologies, languages, frameworks, and architectures. You thrive working under minimal supervision with wide latitude for independent judgment. About GLG / Gerson Lehrman Group GLG is the world’s leading platform for on-demand professional learning. Businesses rely on GLG to learn from 600,000+ member-experts; clients look to address complex strategic challenges and make better business decisions within a rigorous compliance framework. Headquartered in New York City, GLG’s 1,500+ employees work from offices in 12 countries. Visit www.GLG.it. We believe strongly in our mission- and values-driven culture. Our core values drive our success. They are: learning & curiosity, responsibility, courage, judgment, fresh perspective, service, and integrity. To learn more, visit www.GLG.it.