PURPOSE The Business Intelligence Data Analyst (BIDA) performs College institutional effectiveness work by integrating data generated from campus- wide processes, work flows, and data sources. The incumbent conducts analyses of institutional data that inform decision-making and provides business intelligence and insights to the operational and educational activities of the institution. The BIDA provides the computer programming, data integration, and analytical reporting to support the quality assurance, data warehousing, and data mining efforts of the Institutional Research Department. CORE VALUES The vision of Life West is to create a brighter future for humanity through graduating chiropractors who have a deep understanding of service, and of the innate potential of the human body to heal and adapt to its environment. The Doctor of Chiropractic program prepares graduates for personal and professional fulfillment in a climate of loving, serving and giving. RESPONSIBILITES Working with data providers to architect, build, test, and maintain BI data infrastructure. Participating in BI project planning processes to establish business requirement, define deliverables, conduct data analyses, and establish timelines. Managing BI solutions throughout the project lifecycle (analysis, design, implementation, operational support. Collaborating with key functional stakeholders to better understand their business domain, processes, and data. Designing and implementing ETL processes to create data pipelines and aggregate data from multiple sources. Researching new technologies and industry trends, and determine applicability to our campus environment. Providing guidance and mentoring for campus BI Community. Integrating data from structured and unstructured data sources. Data cleansing, data management, matching, merging, data clarifications, and creation of exception reports. Assuring the accuracy, quality, and credibility of institutional data used in analyses of Business Intelligence. Data mining, data analysis, interpretations of results, and preparation of reports and dashboards for internal and external dissemination. Producing reports from institutional data to support strategic and annual planning processes. Producing the institutional FactBook. Supporting compliance reporting to accrediting agencies and local, state, and federal governmental entities. Developing and managing survey instruments, data collections, and reports. Communicating effectively the results of data analyses to diverse groups of the campus community. Working cooperatively, collaboratively, and across all department of the institution. The BIDA reports to the Director of Institutional Research and supports strategic and annual planning and departmental reviews of data collection, analyses, and associated processes. The BIDA works independently to develop computational programs and Application Program Interfaces (APIs) to query and integrate data from structured and unstructured sources. The BIDA develops digital tools for data collection, algorithms for data cleansing, scripts for statistical analyses, templates and macros for data visualization, and the reports and dashboards for publication. The BIDA consults with the Director of Institutional Research to set priorities and determine the need for special studies and analyses as appropriate. As a BIDA, you will work in a team environment to design, develop, and deliver enterprise business intelligence and analytic solutions. Ideal candidates will have excellent technical and interpersonal skills as well as strong commitment to supporting our values that include team focus creative problem solving, and technical curiosity. You will have the opportunity to grow technically and professionally while working on an energetic and collaborative team. We provide a challenging work environment at a premier higher education institution. We offer an exceptional benefits package and many other support resources to help employees balance their professional and personal lives. PHYSICAL DEMANDS Nature of work requires an ability to operate standard business office equipment. Requires ability to communicate and exchange information, collect, compile and prepare work documents, set-up and maintain work files. ETHICS REQUIREMENTS Provide professional services with integrity Provide professional services objectively Maintain the knowledge and skill necessary to provide professional services competently Be fair and reasonable in all professional relationships. Disclose conflicts of interest Protect the confidentiality of all client information Act in a manner that demonstrates exemplary professional conduct Provide professional services diligently WORKING CONDITIONS Work performed in a general office, classroom and laboratory environment. This job description is not intended to be a complete list of all responsibilities, duties or skills required for the job and is subject to review and change at any time, with or without notice, in accordance with the needs of Life Chiropractic College West. Since no job description can detail all the duties and responsibilities that may be required from time to time in the performance of a job, RESPONSIBILITIES The BIDA is responsible for working with data providers to architect, build, test, and maintain BI data infrastructure QUALIFICATIONS Required skills and education qualifications are: 1\. Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Education, or Business Administration 2\. Minimum of three year's work experience with statistical software programs such as SPSS, SAS, SAP, and JMP 3\. Minimum of two year's work experience with Business Intelligence solutions such as Microsoft Power Tools, Power BI, and cloud analytical environments, such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Oracle Analytics Cloud 4\. Demonstrated experience serving as a system administrator for Qualtrics, or other survey applications 5\. Knowledge, and demonstrated experience, in the response collection and data management of survey software products, such as of Qualtrics, Survey Monkey, EBI MapWorks-SkyFactor, and Question Proc 6\. Minimum of two years work experience in Institutional Research at a post-secondary college, university or institution of higher education Preferred skills and education qualifications are: 1\. Mater's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Education, or Business Administration 2\. Demonstrated education and accomplishment in Statistics with application in Education, Business Intelligence, Pla 3\. A resume of accomplishments in the higher education field of Measurement, Evaluation, Statistics and Assessment (MESA) 4\. Knowledge and experience in the assessment, evaluation, and Analysis of Competency Based Education (CBE) 5\. Experience in ERP implementations, data conversion, ETL scripts, and data mapping and validation BENEFITS Free Chiropractic Care for employees and immediate family members Dental Insurance Health Insurance Vision Insurance Generous Paid Time Off (PTO) 401(k)