Application Developer Santa Clara, CA This position reports to: Senior Manager, Application Development ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. The goal of the ServiceNow Applications Development team is to provide elegant business automation applications and customizations on the ServiceNow platform to radically increase the efficiency of various businesses and empower them to be highly successful. We are in the midst of expanding this team to develop easy-to-use and flexible SaaS solutions on the ServiceNow platform for all our internal users and for our customers to interact with us. Responsibilities: Design and develop solutions to be the best implementation the industry. Work closely with product owners to understand detailed requirements Own your code from design, implementation, test automation and delivery of high quality product to our users. Work in a collaborative team using agile software development methodology. Ensure security, integrity and consistency of critical user and customer data. Requirements: Expertise in coding efficient, object-oriented and modularized software Solid experience developing using object-oriented languages Experience with scripting languages 1 Year of experience with a Masters Degree (OR) 3+ years of software development experience with a Bachelor Degree Ability to architect technical solutions from business requirements Broad understanding of web technologies (XML, HTML, JavaScript, CSS) Working knowledge of relational databases The ability to work independently and within a team Excellent communication skills Desired: Previous experience with ServiceNow’s application platform or similar technology Experience with SaaS or Cloud platforms Experience on an Agile Development or Scrum team Strong understanding of Prototype, or other “Object-Oriented” JS frameworks Familiarity with unit and integration test automation Familiarity with ITIL/ITSM We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.