Company Description: Quartet is a pioneering technology company connecting physical and mental care to improve people’s health and quality of life. We are building a collaborative technology platform that brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Our data-driven platform identifies high-need patients and facilitates access to personalized care. Backed by $92MM in venture funding from top investors like GV (formerly Google Ventures) and Oak HC/FT, Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the US - Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Louisiana, Washington, Northern California, and New Jersey. Mission We're creating a platform to improve outcomes for patients with mental health and chronic medical conditions. We do this in many ways, from identifying patients at risk and routing them to the right specialists to creating a feedback loop between the primary care physicians and behavioral health specialists so they can collaborate on each patient’s treatment. These patients are often lost in our healthcare system and don't get the right care at the right time. We want to fix that. Outcomes We are looking for a Data Engineer that will work on ingesting, transforming, and organizing disparate sources of healthcare data from our partners and internal teams into canonical data models for application and data science insights. Our data platform team works to not only clean, standardize, and load external data sources into our platform but also generates key base features from that data to be utilized by downstream systems and internal customers — from the backend API to data science teams. This role will also work to vend tooling and automation to support our growing data needs and allow data integration team members working with customers to self service data prior to it being ingested and distributed to the rest of Quartet. You are passionate about data and will collaborate with and learn from other engineers, data scientists, and clinicians. Responsibilities Develop and maintain tools and systems to ingest, transform, and distribute numerous application streams as canonical data models and features. Implement and vend data ingestion, transformation, and feature generation tools to data science, ML, and partner services teams. Work with subject matter experts and product managers in architecting models to improve reliability and interpretability of data for analytical and business needs. Understanding Quartet business objectives and design services that couple business logic with reusable components for future expansion. Monitoring performance and advising any necessary infrastructure changes. Leverage best practices in testing, continuous integration, and delivery. Build a world class, scalable health data ingestion pipeline. Drive down the time to insight by improving the accessibility and organization of data. Competencies Must Haves: Experience with integration of data from multiple heterogeneous data sources Experience developing in Python and Spark (Scala and Java a plus)Experience working in distributed systems Experience with SQL and data modeling Experience standing up and maintaining infrastructure at all levels of the stackInterest in solving real-world healthcare problems A great sense of humor and an ability to add to our dynamic culture A desire to work on a highly-collaborative, mission-driven team Nice to Haves: Ideal candidate has 5+ years of engineering experience Experience with HL7 and other healthcare data exchange standards a big plus Experience with AWS Experience with Apache Airflow Benefits and perks of working at Quartet include: Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Enhanced mental health benefits Paid membership to One Medical Pre-tax health, transit and dependent care flexible spending accounts Fee-free 401(k) program Unlimited vacation and sick leave, and competitive family leave policy Amazing office with stocked kitchen and regular company gatherings Working with some of the most talented and mission-driven minds in the industry!