_This is a Contract position, with an anticipated end date of September 2020._ Reporting to the Manager, Talent Acquisition and in partnership with hiring leaders, provides strategic talent acquisition consulting to business leaders and ensures effective delivery of services to clients. Develops and implements recruiting strategies across the organization in order to successfully attract a high quality workforce. Partners with hiring leaders to determine strategies for acquiring needed talent and assists with complex hiring situations. Incumbent cultivates strong professional networks and maintains a strong knowledge of the current job market. Required Qualifications Minimum three to five years experience as an RN recruiter Proven track record in screening, interviewing, selecting and placing candidates, working closely with hiring managers Works with other areas of human resources as it relates to the employment function Strong knowledge of candidate sourcing using a multitude of recruitment mediums Strong organizational skills, detail orientation, ability to proactively and effectively handle multiple tasks Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written; must be able to understand and be understood clearly in English, with a high degree of ability to write clearly and articulately in English Knowledge of MS Office, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications Three to five years HR experience Certified HR Professional Recruitment experience in a healthcare environment, preferably at an academic medical center or complex integrate care delivery health system Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.