Orion Software Integration Deputy Lead responsible for helping to develop and track the overall software integration plan and schedule for the software build roadmap to include detailed release activities and execution. The details require developing the test and integration strategy to be used during the release based on the functional decomposition of the software. The test planning requires coordination between the flight software, external stakeholders and labs. The Integration Deputy will be responsible for ensuring continuous communication of the integration plan and status within the Integration team and assist the Integration Manager with communication to the Software IPT, the Orion program internal stakeholders (e.g. Fault Management, Mission Sequencing, Telemetry), the NASA customer and applicable NASA stakeholders (Ground Systems, Launch Vehicle, and Flight Operations). The Integration Deputy will be required to maintain current knowledge of the requirements and objectives for each release and communicating that with the integration team. Additionally, the Integration Deputy will be responsible for managing Continuous Integration activities during the build process. These activities include continuously building, testing, deploying, and reporting on incremental changes that are integrated into the larger code base, providing rapid feedback, test automation, and the management of the entire build pipeline. Desired Skills: \- Experience with the Orion Program Experience interacting with NASA Familiarity with NASA JSC, culture and environment Experience working implementation of continuous improvement culture Experience leading teams with different geographical locations, different LM companies, and multiple minor suppliers. Knowledge and experience with the following: Guidance, Navigation, and Control Orion or large aerospace program test lab infrastructure Orion or large aerospace program simulation tools and execution Orion or large aerospace program flight software development; full life cycle Automation framework SOCCRATES ELAB/Big Data, Mach 5 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Leadership experience of a technical team. Experience with a large scale software integration effort, including continuous integration. Extensive knowledge of test labs and testing infrastructure. Knowledge of hardware simulations and flight real-time embedded systems. Demonstrated communication skills, both verbal and written with the proven ability to communicate to customer and management in a clear and concise manner. Demonstrated ability to interact with the customer and build effective relationships. Ability to support moderate travel. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.