Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. 1\. Analyze available documentation 2\. Consult with business and application teams to bring clarity into requirements 3\. Uderstand design and architecture imperatives 4.functonal decomposition of the requirements 5\. Identify the dependencies 6\. Apply Function Point / Story Point / Complexity Point analysis to arrive at estimates 7\. Provide estimates and costs to CNA 8\. Revisit the productivity benchmarks based on actuals Essential Duties & Responsibilities Analyze available documentation Consult with business and application teams to bring clarity into requirements Understand design and architecture imperatives, identify dependencies Apply Function Point / Story Point / Complexity Point analysis to arrive at estimates Provide effort estimates and high-level cost estimates Use Industry benchmarks to come up with estimates Education & Experience Over 10 years of experience in solution design and estimation Should have experience in working on some of the technologies typically found in an Enterprise viz. mainframe, Microsoft technologies, Java, Open source, Oracle / open Source databases Should have an understanding of Cloud platforms and associated technologies Experience in Estimation using Function Point, Story Point, Use Case Point, Complexity Point, etc Experience in DevOps, Agile implementations Should be able to engage independently with the business to clarify functional and non-functional requirements Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.