Insight is searching for a dynamic and person to support the team in running the Insight Fellows Programs across the US and Canada. Insight offers free 7-week training fellowships to professionals and recent graduates who are transitioning careers into Data Science, Health Data Science, Data Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Data Product Management, and DevOps Engineering. We have an alumni network of over 1500 Fellows throughout several locations. Our team is made up of thoughtful, ambitious, creative, diverse, positive people and we’d love for you to join us. We’re looking for a Marketing Manager to support our team by managing our marketing campaigns and juggling a diverse group of high-impact projects. To succeed in this role you should be a self-starter with a track record of successful project management. We are looking for individuals who are passionate about working within the education and tech industry, and want to learn more and grow within their role. This is a full-time position based in San Francisco, CA. \----------------------------- This job might be for you if: \----------------------------- You have strong written and verbal communication skills. You are creative on first drafts, but attentive to details on final drafts. You enjoy collaborating with several teams on multiples projects at the same time. You love working with a team to accomplish our collective goals. You know an excellent website design, blog, or tweet when you see one. You’re up for the challenge of staying on top of things in a dynamic environment. We’re especially excited to talk to you if you have prior experience working at a startup or in the fields of tech and/or education. \------------------------- Responsibilities include: \------------------------- Working closely with Insight teams to achieve our marketing goals. Executing and improving Insight's multi-channel marketing campaigns. Managing marketing projects by setting the timeline and milestones while working with the leadership to determine high-priority marketing opportunities Source, vet, hire, and lead consultants for marketing projects Insight has a strong dedication to diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. Hiring, promotion, and compensation of employees is conducted without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, or age. At Insight, we offer competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package including: Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance Generous Vacation Policy Wellness Reimbursement Program Parental / Family Paid Leave Stock Options