Qualifications Required: American Library Association accredited Master’s degree in Library/Information Science or equivalent combination of advanced degree and relevant experience. Demonstrated knowledge of humanities research practices and management of humanities research materials. Proficiency in German and/or a Scandinavian language. Evidence of excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills. Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with faculty, students, and colleagues in a rapidly changing and research-intensive environment. Established commitment to supporting a diverse environment. Preferred: Undergraduate or graduate degree in a humanities or social science discipline. Experience working as a liaison librarian in an academic research library. Demonstrated facility with the current digital tools and methodologies associated with humanities scholarship, such as text mining, data visualization, digital storytelling, or virtual reality. Reading knowledge of French or Italian. Commitment to effective teaching techniques, including an understanding of instructional design principles and active learning. Evidence of program development or project management skills. Demonstrated involvement in professional activities, including evidence of ability to contribute to librarianship, research, and service as well as capacity for leadership within the profession. About the Job The University of Minnesota Libraries invites applications for a collaborative and innovative liaison librarian to work with scholars in the humanities, supporting European Studies and digital humanities. We seek applicants who are excited about the opportunity to be part of the University Libraries’ award- winning, innovative models of library service. The position will primarily support the scholarship of students, faculty, and staff affiliated with the German, Scandinavian, Dutch, and Russian programs; serve as the Minnesota contact for the French and Italian Department; and work with the Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies. Additionally, this position will have responsibilities within the Digital Arts, Sciences, & Humanities (DASH) program, supporting the use of digital technologies in scholarship. Liaison librarians combine skills in outreach, teaching, technology, and collection development with their knowledge of scholarly practices in assigned disciplines to partner with academic departments. In order to provide deep language expertise at research institutions, the University of Minnesota and University of Chicago have piloted an arrangement to coordinate expertise in European language areas. This position will continue and deepen a collaborative collection development program with the University of Chicago. This position will have the responsibility to provide collection development and limited consultation services for German and Scandinavian Studies at both Minnesota and Chicago, and the Chicago counterpart provides collection development and limited consultation services in French and Italian. This position includes a role in DASH, a cross-disciplinary program supporting faculty and students who employ digital methodologies and technologies in their research, teaching, and creative work. DASH is an alliance of five University partners: the Libraries, Liberal Arts Technologies & Innovation Services (LATIS), the Institute for Advanced Study, the Center for Educational Innovation, and Research Computing. Through DASH, this position will provide individual consultations, classroom and workshop teaching, and digital project guidance and prototyping for researchers and scholars in disciplines across the university. This position is part of the Arts & Humanities (A&H;) department, one of six departments that comprise the University Libraries’ Research and Learning Division, and report to the Arts & Humanities Director. The Libraries’ culture is deeply collaborative, and the Libraries rely on the diverse expertise of library staff to work on strategic initiatives and service development. The successful candidate will be expected to participate in cross-departmental and cross-divisional groups that tackle evolving information challenges. The individual in this role will also contribute to the knowledge base of the profession through research, publication, and professional engagement, as they work toward continuous appointment status. Responsibilities Liaison librarian: Develop and maintain strong relationships with assigned academic departments and programs, identifying opportunities for deeper partnerships and encouraging cross-disciplinary collaborations between scholars in the humanities and other fields. Connect scholars at all levels with the expertise they need to be more effective researchers through strong outreach, research consultations, guidance on scholarly communication issues, and excellence in teaching. Build and manage collections and services that advance the work of humanities disciplines with attention to cross-disciplinary and collaborative collection development opportunities. Integrate information literacies and other research skills in academic department courses and curricula through partnerships with faculty members. Coordinate with partners at the University of Chicago on collaborative support for European Studies areas. DASH: Consult and collaborate with faculty, students, and staff in support of their digital projects and coursework, facilitating connections with other DASH experts and expertise on campus as needed. Provide expertise in a DASH specialty area, such as text mining, data visualization, or non-video digital storytelling (e.g., podcasting, interactive websites). Plan, facilitate, promote, and participate in DASH events and workshops. Contribute to the goals and strategic initiatives of the Libraries through leadership of and/or active participation in committees, including participating in DASH strategic planning. This is a full-time, 12-month, continuous-appointment track, academic professional position with probationary appointment at the Assistant or Associate Librarian level. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will have the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Please attach the following documents in Word or PDF Format: (DO NOT copy and paste.) Resume. Cover Letter (identify cover letter with UL397). Names, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of three current references. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. This position will remain open until filled. Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.