What is the opportunity? The main purpose of the role is to augment the SF Innovation Lab service capabilities. It will add value to RBC and its constituents by identifying innovation opportunities, new revenue streams, and technology integrations into the Bank. The role will support revenue generation, cost effectiveness, operational efficiency, and compliance What will you do? Under the guidance of Senior Innovation Associate, Vice President, Group Product Manager and/or Managing Director: o Reimagine with team open innovation programs, including strategy, and helping to scale startup / corporate relationships beyond the initial engagement. o Document and summarize notes from Senior Innovation Associate, Vice President, Group Product Manager and/or Managing Director o Conduct primary and secondary research on industry and market trends and disruptive technology. o Help execute on strategic alignment between corporate needs and market trends, developing creative conceptualizations of what could be. o Execute search for optimal startup and technical partners. o Develop and iterate collateral and materials (reports, presentation decks, etc.) for client deliverables. o Partner with Associates, Senior Associates and analysts (when hired) Under the guidance of Innovation Associate, Group Product Manager, VP and/or Managing Director: o Facilitate A/B split test POCs o EVAs o Due diligence o Software tech evaluations: Under the guidance of MD, Vice President or Group Product Manager: o Conduct financial DD for early stage start-ups. What do you need to succeed? Must-have New grad or 1 year of experience in one or a combination of the following: o Consulting o Technology operating experience (product management, business development and/or engineering) o Banking (investment banking, wealth management or commercial banking) but must also have technology experience Undergraduate degree (prefer engineering or other technical discipline) Minimum GPA of 3.0 strongly preferred. Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States and not require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H1-B status) now or in the future. Demonstrated leadership is required. Candidates must be detail-oriented, highly organized and able to manage multiple tasks. Candidates must have the ability to work individually (independently), as well as, on a team Candidates need to be proficient with Microsoft Office, Word, Excel (including a high proficiency with generating pivot tables and graphs), Power Point, and have strong oral and written communication skills in English. Candidates with demonstrated interest, academic and/or industry experience in high technology preferred. What’s in it for you? We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team About RBC Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 37 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com. Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request. JOB SUMMARY City: San Francisco Address: 303 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 600 Work Hours/Week: 40 Work Environment: Office Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional Pay Type: Salaried Required Travel(%): 0-25 People Manager: No Req ID: 167875 _Posting Notes:_