Description: Providence is calling a Supply Chain Data Analyst to Providence Health & Services in Renton, WA. We are seeking a Supply Chain Data Analyst to Support in managing system-wide contract related information for the Providence Resource, Engineering and Hospitality Group, and the PSJH Resource Councils. This includes supporting negotiations and monitoring compliance for system-wide contracts, the analysis of contract utilization and proposal data, and formulating recommendations. This position will interact with national Group Purchasing Organizations (GPO’s) and/or manufacturers to resolve contract-related issues, work with various sources to obtain product information, and investigate potential contracting opportunities as directed by the Manager of Supply Chain Decision Support. The successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to analyze and comprehend large amounts of data, create basic to complex reports, charts, and graphs from various sources of healthcare information and effectively facilitate discussions with decision-making bodies. In this position you will have the following responsibilities: Analyze data related to system-wide proposals and contracts. Work with the Manager of Supply Chain Decision Support in the preparation and presentation of recommendations to department staff, and system-wide Resource Councils regarding utilization trends, contract proposals and renewals, and opportunities for further program development. Assist in tracking system-wide REHG savings and the progress of One Supply Chain initiatives, GPO contracts, and Resource Council initiatives. Creates ad hoc queries and reports or provides quantitative data to meet data needs of the business unit or department. Align supply chain management decisions with reimbursement using a working knowledge of federal reimbursement programs to create effective financial impact projections. Monitor system-wide group purchasing volumes to ensure compliance with contracts and with department policies and objectives. Compile information, prepare and distribute reports, including regular activity reports, contract proposal and utilization analyses, periodic summary reports, and special reports, as assigned. Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: B.A/B.S degree in business or the equivalent. 1 years’ experience in analytics and report, or related work experience. Preferred qualifications for this position include: Experience with materials management or group purchasing environments. Strong analytical and organizational skills. MS Access and SQL skills are highly desirable. Experience with Lawson or PMM Procurement. About the department you will serve. Providence Strategic and Management Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for all eight regions of Providence Health & Services from Alaska to California. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/ Our Mission As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Category: Administrative Support (Clinical) Location: Washington-Renton Req ID: 195374