The Customer Experience Advocate for Lennar will be a key member of the Corporate Customer Care Team, which is responsible for strategic planning and operational support for 40 divisions across the country. The primary role of the Customer Experience Advocate is to help drive Customer Satisfaction and referrals through the development and use of metrics and data visualizations to measure performance, identify gaps and lessons learned, provide relevant and timely feedback, and make recommendations for process improvement and corrective actions. This position will assist in evaluating internal and external customer experience trends to identify best practices with the goal of continuous improvement. The Customer Experience Advocate will also provide an advanced level of support, responding to increasingly escalated customer communications in a timely and effective manner, and working to analyze and determine root cause and opportunities for improvement. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Assist in the development and design of process improvement feedback mechanisms to evaluate and continuously refine Customer Care programs. Define performance challenges and design performance measurement solutions to inform management decision making. Review performance data to measure productivity or goal achievement and identify areas needing program improvement. Work with IT and Business Analytics team to incorporate dashboard analytics into operational control center and other areas, as requested. Provide advanced level customer support in a creative, proactive manner to resolve customer issues consistent with Lennar’s policies, procedures and quality standards. Focus on generating referrals and identifying brand ambassadors through the development of a robust customer management strategy. Collaborate on design and development of innovation projects, such as interactive voice recognition, chatbot, Alexa skills and other initiatives. Build out unique, creative and impactful solutions by integrating insights across Lennar’s expert functional resources supporting collaborative solution development. Establish support FAQs and work collaboratively to define the workflow for use with IVR (interactive voice recognition), CTI (computer telephony integration) and chatbot platforms. Help define and automate processes and communications related to the Homeowner Experience. Identify opportunities for enhanced training to support Best Practice initiatives. Work collaboratively with Learning and Development to develop and refine training materials for Customer Care team. Work cross-departmentally to leverage internal resources ensuring the successful execution of assigned projects. Support communication of success stories to the larger community. Education and Experience Requirements: Bachelor’s degree required 5+ years of experience in related field Physical Requirements: _This is primarily a sedentary office position which requires the Customer Experience Advocate to have the ability to operate computer equipment, speak, hear, bend, stoop, reach, lift, and move and carry up to 25 lbs. Finger dexterity is necessary._ _This is a position which requires the Customer Experience Advocate frequent walking, standing and climbing of stairs in/around homes, models and properties. Must also have the ability to operate computer equipment, speak, hear, bend, stoop, reach, lift, and move and carry up to 25 lbs. Finger dexterity is necessary._ Additional Requirements: Proficiency with computer programs including Microsoft Office Familiarity with Salesforce is a plus Strong analytical, problem solving, conflict resolution and mediation abilities Ability to clearly communicate with diverse audiences Committed to fostering and supporting a proactive, customer-driven approach to service Ability to manage multiple complex projects simultaneously and with little or no supervision Ability to work well under pressure and with a diverse range of personalities Capable of inspiring trust and confidence through effective and professional communication and interpersonal skills, both written and oral Ability to build effective working relationships across functional areas Innovative, creative and flexible thinker who enjoys searching for the next right answer Bilingual a plus This description outlines the basic responsibilities and requirements for the position noted. This is not a comprehensive listing of all job duties of the Associates. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.