The Intern, Machine Learning will learn how to work as a professional software engineer. It will help build chatbot and conversational interface which can understand the transportation industry domain specific rules, working with the massive dataset to build these models which could be used by logistics industry. This position will assist in building model(s) to find the right set of significant variables for multiple intents based on agent usage of processes, services behind views and chat responses to different internal and external persona. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Research on the upcoming Natural Language Processing (NLP) and AI technologies applicable to Chatbot Act as Point of Contact (POC) with Chatbot platform Research NLP, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning algorithm Research voice to text and text to voice framework that can be leveraged on Chatbot Extract data from different databases through various query languages Applying data cleansing, outlier identification, missing data techniques and transform as needed Statistical modeling Evolve model building into supervised and unsupervised machine learning Data wrangling and scripting Data analysis and visualization Duties, responsibilities and activities may be assigned or changed from time to time Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Pursuing a 4 year degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field Enthusiasm to learn new things Understating of AI, Machine learning, Deep Learning, NLP Comfortable with programming language such as Node.JS, Java script, Python, GO Lang Exposure to cloud environment such as AWS, Azure, etc. Experience working with APIs, integrating data from various back-end services and databases Understanding of design documentation (e.g. system diagrams, development methodology, etc.) Ability and desire to learn new technologies/frameworks independently Positive attitude, self-starter with the strong entrepreneurial spirit Excellent attention to detail Self-managed and motivated to work in an independent environment Excellent interpersonal skills, organized and detail oriented Ability to manage multiple priorities as well as flexibility to adapt to change with new systems and methods while working in a team environment. This position is a school year internship starting in September 2018 and ending in May 2019. All applicants must be able to work 20 hours a week. Hub Group is flexible on hours and days per school schedules. _PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION_ _The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information._ _We are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate on any legally recognized basis, including but not limited to race, age, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, non-job related handicap or disability or veteran status. Hub Group is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If, because of a disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to careers@hubgroup.com or call (630) 795-2164 and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information._