The Texas Education Agency is seeking a talented individual to join a team of professionals dedicated to improving the educational outcomes for all public school students in the state of Texas. This position is in the Permanent School Fund (PSF), a $34 billion perpetual public fund endowment that helps finance the state's public schools. This Investment Analyst IV position reports to the Deputy CIO and Director of Fixed Income of the Texas Permanent School Fund (TPSF). Assists in managing securitized product including CMOs, CMBS, ABS and CLOs. Executes trades at the direction of the portfolio manager. Monitor external managers and their markets. Assists in the development of investment strategies and recommends investments. Performs complex investment research data collection and analysis work. Work involves conducting investment and statistical research and analysis; evaluating investment information such as market operations and conditions; preparing and presenting reports; and conducting special projects pertaining to the administration of the Permanent School Fund. A successful candidate must be honest and ethical in all work; recognize the requirements of confidentiality; and be intellectually curious about how financial markets work. The professional selected for this position will work under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment; and is expected to help the PSF meet its performance goals and support the Texas Education Agency in fulfilling its strategic priorities. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Essential Job Functions: Assist in the management of securitized product. Executes trades. Makes investment recommendations. Assists in the development of investment strategies. Monitors Emerging Market Local Currency fixed income managers. Monitors Commodities Managers. Assist in conducting oversight of fund investments. Maintain market and operational files and records. Participate in or coordinate ongoing external manager relations. Assist in monitoring portfolio characteristics through the use of Blackrock Aladdin. Maintain and perform statistical analysis of PSF fixed income portfolio and market data. Maintain and perform statistical analysis of sectors within each fixed income asset class. Track and analyze commodity market trends. Monitor and manage exposure and commodity strategy data of external commodity managers. Monitor and collect and analyze data on securitized product. Assist in monitoring fixed income investments as assigned and provides updates. Assist portfolio managers in tracking portfolio risks related to credit issues and duration. Perform credit analysis on existing and prospective portfolio investments. Develop reports on portfolio structure and risk for dissemination to portfolio managers and the CIO. Perform due diligence on alternative asset investments. Assist in legislative bills and assist in the preparation of fiscal notes for their effect on the Permanent School Fund. Assist in competitive procurements. Pursue continuing education and training to broaden knowledge, skills and abilities. Perform related work as assigned. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with degree in finance, accounting, economics, or related field. Preferred: CFA charter holder. Experience: A minimum of four (4) years experience in investment research or quantitative analysis work and experience analyzing and trading fixed income securities. Strong PC experience with financial databases and software applications to include advanced Excel and Word skills. Experience using statistical analytical tools and ability to analyze and interpret results. Preferred: Experience using Blackrock's Aladdin analytics and trading platforms; experience trading Treasury and commodities futures. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: Securities accounting, procedures, and market operations; of fixed income research or investment banking; of statistical concepts and methods and their application to research analysis; of various financial data systems; and of macroeconomics; securities trading and trading platforms. Skill in: Mathematics, statistics, and in the use of computer software programs, particularly Word, Excel and Powerpoint; strong oral/written communication skills; clear focus on excellent customer service and delivery of error free work product; keen interpersonal skills, be results oriented and able to exhibit strong work habits. Ability to: Apply financial research techniques and to conduct exhaustive searches and evaluations of vast amounts of data utilizing the Internet and other resources.; analyze, evaluate and summarize financial data and prepare management reports; to prioritize the work, to be flexible and manage multiple projects and assignments with attention to details and minimum supervision; demonstrate a high degree of integrity and the ability to recognize the requirements of confidentiality; demonstrate initiative and ability to work in a fast-paced, changing environment. Expected to be a team player, a self starter and an independent thinker. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency. There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.