The Database Marketing Analyst is a critical member of the Center for Corporate Citizenship's marketing and promotions efforts responsible for maintaining the current customer database and assist in the rollout and ongoing optimization of The Center's new CRM software. The Analyst will further support the execution and analysis of e-marketing campaigns and support CRM analysis across departments ensuring accuracy of customer data in support of Center goals. Specifically, the Analyst will assist in planning, designing, and implementing the new CRM database and contact management system. He/She will manage the CRM database and the coordinating campaign management system ensuring accurate, up-to-date customer records. The Analyst will also be expected to create and maintain process documentation and work with various teams to identify, document, and communicate standard business processes as needed. Full-Time Equivalent Hiring Range: $55,600 to $69,500; salary commensurate with relevant experience. Requirements Bachelor's degree Minimum 3+ years related experience Must have a working knowledge of data modeling; database analysis, design, implementation and administration Experience with data access and database connectivity, tools and techniques. Knowledge of reporting tools Advanced Excel skills Ability to create and run reports; back end user or programming experience a plus Working knowledge of version control techniques and tools Commitment to excellence and high standards Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to manage priorities and workflow Ability to work independently and as a member of various teams Good judgment with the ability to make timely and sound decisions Closing Statement Boston College conducts background checks as part of the hiring process. Boston College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected category including disability and protected veteran status. To learn more about how BC supports diversity and inclusion throughout the university please visit the Office for Institutional Diversity at http://www.bc.edu/offices/diversity.