Help Gallup fulfill our mission of providing analytics and advice on everything that matters by creating the infrastructure to fuel analysis, insights and products. As a data engineer, you will consult with data scientists and client teams to develop and implement prototypes and products to advise on quantitative research across a wide range of organizational topics. In your role as an infrastructure builder, you will work with internal teams to: Design, construct, install, test and maintain highly scalable data management systems as well as integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures. You will also partner with client teams to develop data pipelines that support a range of enterprise and government projects, including supervised and unsupervised learning methods, time-series forecasting, and network analysis. You will also be responsible for helping consultants and data scientists produce high-quality, easily understood data products for clients. Who we want: Automation architects who can conceptualize manual processes, generate coding and systems to reduce human dependency. Experienced coders who can identify the right tools for the job and who have an eye for the smallest details and a talent for flawless execution. Strategic thinkers who can apply their expertise to make discoveries in complex data. Problem solvers who enjoy working with others to design and implement robust solutions to challenging real-world problems. Creative analysts who are familiar with a variety of coding languages, who enjoy participating in (and winning!) hackathons, and who have experience working across programming languages and systems to meet the needs of multiple stakeholders. Mission-driven individuals who are motivated to create the best production, prototype and research infrastructures because of their desire to change the world. Qualifications What you need: A bachelor’s degree from a computer science/engineering, computational social science or operations research program or related area required Minimum of one year of corporate experience in designing and building production-level data pipelines required Mastery of at least one open-source general-purpose programming language (e.g., Python, Go, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Perl) and knowledge of a second are key requirements Minimum of at least one year experience in the fundamentals of machine learning and statistics, with an emphasis on the engineering aspects needed to implement these algorithms at scale (e.g., distributed computing) required; knowledge of an open-source statistical programming language (e.g., R, Julia, Stan) is a plus Must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis What we offer: A strengths-based, engagement-focused and performance-oriented culture V irtual workplace opportunities are available World-class managers who support, position, empower and engage you Ongoing learning and development opportunities Mission-driven work that changes the lives of people around the world Gallup is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer that celebrates, supports and promotes diversity and inclusion. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Primary Location United States-New York City