Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Kansas City, MO, USA; Austin, TX, USA Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. As a Technical Account Manager (TAM), you will be responsible for ensuring customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. You will develop relationships, both internally and externally, connect with business executives and IT stakeholders to develop an understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will develop a strategic roadmap and facilitate customers’ digital transformation and migration to Google Cloud Platform and G Suite solutions. As the primary contact, you will manage ongoing transformation activities and ensure the long term success of the account. TAMs are seen as trusted technical advisors who understand enterprise IT’s strategic and architectural challenges, and are able to engage directly with executives, architects and developers at our partners and large enterprise customers. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers; establish executive relationships, conduct customer QBRs (quarterly business reviews), advocate for customer to rapidly action adoption blockers, and coordinate across multiple workstreams and teams to maintain customer momentum. Own the relationship with customers to maximize value; partner with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud. Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones; serve as an advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies. Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions; Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements. Drive customer feedback to Google product management and engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in a retail company or consulting firm in an infrastructure and/or data systems environment with experience in retail industry regulations/policies for cloud-based technical solutions. Experience working with a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team and customer base. Ability to travel up to 30% of the time. Preferred qualifications: Experience in working with channel partners, system integrators and third-party developers to deliver solutions. Experience in application/workload migration to Google Cloud Platform or similar services. Experience in cloud operations, technical support or operations (e.g., capacity planning, product release management, etc.). Background in two or more of the following areas: data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture. Demonstrated ability to present technical materials to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage with executives on both technical and non-technical matters. Excellent stakeholder, project management and communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.