IT System Administrator (Junior Level - New College hire) - Seapower Capabilities Systems Programs Raytheon IDS - Tewksbury, MA What’s YOUR Mission? Here at Raytheon, we work together as _one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place_. Our innovation spans all domains: from land and sea to air, space and cyberspace. We’re inspired by a noble mission that’s shared by Raytheon employees around the globe and an inclusive culture that empowers employees and celebrates their contributions. Our IT organization ensures that Raytheon teammates across the globe are able to communicate, collaborate and innovate for customer success. We create leading-edge technology solutions to prevent security threats, protect the integrity of our systems and support Raytheon’s IT infrastructures around the world. System Administrators collaborate across a diverse team to support fast-paced, critical programs with classified information system capabilities. As a System Administrator supporting the Seapower Capability Systems Business Area, your program teams rely on you to collaborate, provide guidance to define computing requirements and create end-to-end solutions to solve complex IT problems. Success in this role means you are able to develop, implement and maintain secure, cost-efficient environments across various classified programs. Effective System Administrators collaborate and team effectively across functions, also taking on opportunities to serve as project leads and/or mentors to share knowledge across the IT Program Execution team. This position is located in Tewksbury, MA, with potential for international and/or domestic travel. Obtaining a US DoD Secret Security Clearance will be required for this role within one year of start date. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. Responsibilities: Assure system reliability and performance through monitoring and infrastructure management Provide system administration and maintenance support on Windows- and Linux-based environments in client/server, network and data storage capacities Respond to online service requests from users Ensure server and application compliance with security and performance requirements (NISPOM, RMF) Convert and upgrade to new systems Develop and maintain technical and operational documentation to continually improve our computing environments Engage in knowledge sharing to further develop the overall capability and performance of your technical team Required Experience: Two years of experience with Microsoft Windows operating systems Data storage and data backup technologies US Secret Security Clearance - within one year of start date. Desired Experience: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, 6, or 7 Security+ certification Ability to collaborate effectively Virtual computing technologies Thin client technologies Experience or interest in building AWS, Cloud and/or DevOps technical skills Active US Secret Security Clearance. Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Science, Mathematics or a related field or directly applicable professional experience in a related field will be considered. What We Offer: Whether you’re just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon offers a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon offers include paternal leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care. Find out why Forbes ranks us among the top 500 of America’s Best Employers by visiting us online at www.raytheon.com. Stay Connected: Don’t miss out on what’s happening at Raytheon. Follow @Raytheon on Twitter Follow Raytheon on YouTube Follow Raytheon on LinkedIn Follow Raytheon Company on Instagram 114348 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.