Description: Providence is calling a Senior Data Quality Tester – PSJH to Providence Health & Services in one of the following locations: Anaheim CA, Portland OR, Beaverton OR, Seattle WA or Renton WA. We are seeking a Senior Data Quality Tester – PSJH to develop, improve, and report the status of the organization’s Quality Management System (QMS) to senior management, to establish organizational quality assurance standards, and coordinate Quality Assurance activities with QA management, project managers, and portfolio leaders. In this position you will have the following responsibilities: The Data Quality Tester is responsible for validating information used for data driven decision making The DQ Tester is an active participant in the development and implementation of policies and procedures required to manage data and ensure the consistency, accuracy, and completeness of data under their oversight Validate consistency, accuracy, and completeness of all data under Data Quality oversight. Develop and execute action plans to support data cleanup/improvement initiatives Perform a regular analysis of data and recommend improvements for data cleanup Support the Data Quality program – identify and recommend improvement initiatives. This may include changes to business processes to improve the quality of data and fill gaps in data. Work with stakeholders and management to regularly review and update mapping of data. Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Business Management, Information Services, Healthcare Informatics, Equiv educ/exp: Quality Assurance, process, software, engineering, Healthcare data management, or Healthcare Informatics. 6 years experience in a quality assurance related position that had similar primary duties in addition to education requirements. 5 years Experience as Healthcare Analyst 5 years Experience with one database applicable programming environment: (MS SQL, Oracle, MySQL, etc.) 3 years Demonstrated ability to lead others or manage multiple projects through completion. Demonstrated understanding of modern data quality concepts and best practices. Super user experience using, managing, or supporting data quality tools. Current on industry trends and topics relating to applied informatics, test management, software development, and industry best practices. Healthcare experience Strong analytical skills: ability to boil down a complex problem into a plan of action with clear deliverables and milestones. A proven ability to coordinate and monitor technical activities and projects. General understanding of Lean, Six Sigma, or other continuous improvement methodology. General understanding of ITIL or other IT frameworks. Proficiency with the MS-Office suite of products. Preferred qualifications for this position include: Current professional or technical certification(s) relevant to role: (ISTQB, PMI, Lean, Six Sigma, Epic, Healthcare certifications, etc.). Formal education or training in data quality, quality assurance, integration, software development, server and application development, or equivalent. Project mgmt professional Six sigma black belt certification Epic certification Microsoft certified professional Current, industry related, professional or technical certifications are Project Management (PMI) experience and certifications Software development experience and certification. Healthcare experience and certifications Software development experience and certifications Certification specific to software development, systems engineering, networking, security, ERP, Epic, Lean, Six Sigma, Epic, Healthcare certifications, etc or other healthcare application certifications About the department you will serve. Providence Strategic and Management Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for all eight regions of Providence Health & Services from Alaska to California. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/ Our Mission As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Category: Information Technology Location: California-Anaheim Other Location(s): Washington-Renton, Washington-Seattle, Oregon-Portland, Oregon-Beaverton Req ID: 194079