Job Summary Performs and implements assignments that impact important /complicated components/processes of the specified functional area of the Technology operation. Work is received in short- and mid-term assignments that are important / complicated undertakings and regularly require the application of independent judgment. Operates within the context of approved methods. Job Responsibilities Actively participates in the daily operational activities that impact important components / processes of the of the IT work function, and may include responsibilities, such as: Execution of deployment operations to monitor and improve on pre-release, upgrades and current versions of software. Evaluating compatibility of programs with existing hardware and/or software features. Development of protocols to support established standards. Improving operation and monitoring of advanced or complex features. Development of processes and interface requirements. Data development and definition of acceptance criteria. Gathers and updates necessary information and communicates to appropriate parties. Utilizes experience in order to identify problematic relationships. Anticipates, prevents and eliminates problems and creates efficient fixes. Facilitates elimination of problems and roadblocks before they occur. Works cross-functionally to accomplish assignments. Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization. Mentors less experienced members of the team. May assist in live site support and incident resolution that may include on-call rotation. Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services. As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home. Bachelor's Degree and at least 3 years of experience in a technical engineering role, such as software development, release management, deployment engineering, site operations, technical operations or similar OR High School Diploma / GED and at least 6 years of experience in a technical engineering role, such as software development, release management, deployment engineering, site operations, technical operations or similar. Experience in Technology infrastructure, such as Network, Monitoring, Systems, Databases, etc. Experience establishing and maintaining relationships with individuals at all levels of the organization, in the business community and with vendors. Experience using time management skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates. Experience analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions. Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state). Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology,or Mathematics. Experience identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems. Experience with programming languages. Knowledge of IT technologies.