MORE ABOUT THIS JOB CONSUMER AND COMMERCIAL BANKING Consumer and Commercial Banking brings innovative solutions to traditional banking activities. We are a global team of lenders, investors, risk managers, skilled marketers, web experts and banking specialists. We provide a suite of solutions to help our customers meet their personal financial goals. We make direct investments in, and risk manage, a portfolio of corporate loans and securities. And we help transform distressed communities through investments and loans of private capital. DIGITAL FINANCE Digital Finance, a business unit within CCBD, is comprised of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses, which include the Marcus deposits and lending businesses, as well as the personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Digital Finance combines the strength and heritage of a 148-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. Through the use of machine learning and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity to help them make smarter decisions about their money. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS Responsibilities The Savings Specialist position is responsible for answering incoming calls from Marcus customers and prospects, providing product information, account opening services as well as account maintenance. Additional responsibilities include: Explaining various online retail deposit products such online savings accounts and certificate of deposits Accessing multiple electronic systems and documenting steps taken to efficiently serve the customer Participating in projects to drive operational excellence Completion of ongoing compliance and remedial training as scheduled Meeting established goals for all metrics, including call quality, productivity and profitability quotas, and customer acquisition by focusing on maximizing service to customers Basic Qualifications High School diploma or GED 1+ year's related customer service work experience Proficient with Microsoft Suite (including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook) Preferred Qualifications Associates or Bachelor's Degree Six Sigma Lean/Greenbelt certification Excellent interpersonal, relationship building and communication (written and verbal) skills Strong analytical, problem solving, facilitation, organization, and planning skills Solid working knowledge of all Customer Service functions and of the leasing and loan business Understands and can clearly explain terms and conditions Proven follow-up skills Demonstrated ability to proficiently handle and own high-profile escalated situations Professional phone mannerisms with effective customer service relationship skills Passion to improve processes Ability to remove emotion from situation and resolve conflict ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.