Setting up Standard Lynx Automation Test Scripts to Test Request parameters Installation of supplemental site controls and associated I/O to support test execution Prepare test samples (as required) in accordance with test instructions adhering to established standards and procedures. Validation of proper test run through periodic monitoring of signals and cycle targets; intervening when proper run is visibly in question, with notification to the assigned Test Engineer Assist other technicians in the day-to-day execution of testing as needed Manage and maintain lab equipment inventory, installation, and usage; including proper adherence to Calibration and Maintenance requirements Adhere to all Lab Procedures; suggest process improvements where evident Comply with all Environmental, Health, & Safety, and ISO documented procedures Basic instrumentation, pack and test setups Determine whether the test cell is running in accordance with test procedures and react accordingly. Qualifications Qualifications: High school diploma required Basic electrical and electronics, instrumentation and troubleshooting skills Ability to work independently and in a team environment, taking direction from multiple sources as needed Basic MS Office skills in Word and Excel required Familiarity with schematics and wiring Desired Laboratory test experience with demonstrated ability to set-up and run automated testing An understanding of vehicle powertrain, power supply, and vehicle electrical system operation with an emphasis on High Voltage / HEV / BEV applications a plus A working knowledge of instrumentation measurement systems, particularly transducers and their operation – temperature, pressure, fluid flow, et al. Fabrication skills a strong plus Associate technical degree or equivalent experience a plus ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Unusual or Special Physical Requirements of Position (specify and provide % of time required) Lifting: Up to 50 lbs, 50% Climbing: In, on, under, and around vehicles – 20% Crawling: Around vehicle test setups, vehicle hoists, etc. – 20% Special clothing/equipment (wearing): Safety glasses and steel toe shoes – 20%. Bump cap and gloves when working on vehicles – 10% Unusual physical requirements: Climb ladders, reaching over / on top of vehicles – 10%, Laying under vehicles for tie-downs/instrumentation – 10% High noise level: Hearing protection provided when needed – 2% Other: Sitting (50%), Standing (50%), Bending (25%), stooping (25%). Job requires manual labor Description of Work Environment (specify and provide % of time required) Inside? Outside? Combination? Where?: Indoors in Garage and vehicle test chamber, ambient temperatures - 95%. Outside work (summer and winter) – 5% Extreme (hot/cold) temperatures involved: NA Hazardous conditions - What are they?: Hands on working with high power RF equipment (amplifiers, power meters, coax cables, etc) – 40% Travel/transportation requirements: Periodic local travel (for work, training, marketing, etc.) - 5% Other: NA Equipment and Machines Involved in Work Tasks (specify and provide % of time required) Office equipment/machines electrically/battery operated - which?: Office equipment (copiers, fax machines, scanners, etc.) – 20% Vehicles, forklifts, etc. operated which?: Fork lifts – 5%, Vehicles hoists – 5%, Vehicle chassis dynamometer – 40% Tools used in trade - which ones?: Hand tools and electrical tools (soldering iron, etc.) – 15%, RF instrumentation (amplifiers, power meters, etc.) – 40% Other: NA Criticality of Attendance (specify and provide % of time required) Overtime, regular days, off days: Must be able to work any shift to accommodate test/customer need. Occasional overtime Shift, 1st, 2nd, 3rd: Primary shift is days between 7 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. BUT the workload fluctuates and we add shifts, work overtime and flex work schedules as needed to accommodate the work load. (YOU MUST have a flexible work schedule if you consider this position). Necessity for regular attendance: Must attend regularly, be punctual and manage own schedule – 100% Urgency for punctuality: Critical, 100% Work hours are normally 8 hours per day and 5 days per week, Monday-Friday. Regular attendance of scheduled hours is extremely important. Punctuality and regular attendance are necessary. Must have flexibility of work days to cover weekend testing requirements. Other Essential Functions (List other essential functions here.) Must take and pass a pre-employment drug, background test, and health performance evaluation. Must demonstrate professional behavior at all times when dealing with customers, management and co-workers. Must have clear, concise and accurate communications skills in English, both verbal and written. Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk to employees or others. Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a professional manner. Independent personal transportation to office or work site is required. Travel to and from customer’s locations and the test fields may be required to support projects. This may involve airline travel. In some cases, accommodations can possibly be made for POV, if necessary. When operating any vehicle for work purposes, must wear seat belt and in addition, no cellular devices are to be used when vehicle is in motion. Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Jacobs is a background screening, drug-free workplace.