Description DESCRIPTION: General Purpose: Perform a variety of library support work involving activities in the circulation, reference, youth services or technical services area of the library. Through providing excellent customer service to all patrons by exemplifying a positive attitude and exceeding the needs of patrons. Assist with a wide variety of library activities and programs as needed. Distinguishing Characteristics: This position is distinguished from a Library Page by the additional assigned duties and customer service assistance to assist at the Circulation desk. The Library Aide will assist with desk coverage when needed in order to provide additional staff support during high volume shifts. Supervision Received and Exercised: Receive general supervision from the Library Services Coordinator. Receive technical and functional supervision from Librarians and other library staff. This position does not supervise employees. Job Requirements Position Accountabilities: May include but are not limited to the following: Sorts, shelves, and files various library materials accurately according to library classification systems (alphabetic and numeric) in a timely manner. Reviews shelves for accuracy and re-shelves misplaced items. Perform regular library sweeps, and checks the book drop on a scheduled basis. Packs and prepare materials for transport and receives and unpack incoming deliveries. Locates and retrieves library materials requested from stacks to fill holds. Checks-in library materials and transit items using computerized automation system. Maintains appearance of work and public areas. Records statistics requested in related job duties. Answers directional and informational questions. Assists with special programs as needed and performs related duties as assigned. Demonstrates continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times, and work cooperatively and jointly to provide quality customer service. Sorts donated materials by condition and other criteria established by the library. Perform duties to assist with opening and closing procedures. Uses a personal computer to access e-mail account, writes brief letters and operates ILS system. Utilize ILS system to check out, issue new accounts, update accounts, answer phones and place holds and perform general clerical duties. Provide general directional and customer service assistance. Answers phones and assist customers with accounts Resolves patrons disputes Issues new library cards, renews accounts, receives payments for fines and fees. Assist with programs and events as assigned. Attend meetings as assigned Maintain awareness of new services, updates and developments in the library field and offer suggestions to supervisor. Organize and complete tasks assigned and learn all library policies and procedures. Ability to complete filling out forms, reports and detail notes documenting transactions in circulation such as, mending, media, damaged and patron accounts as needed. Essential Functions JOB REQUIREMENTS: Critical Skills/Expertise: High School diploma or equivalency (GED). Knowledge of customer service in persona and on the phone. Communicate in a positive and effective manner with co-workers and the public both in person and on the telephone. Work independently or in a team environment following standards and procedures set by the library and complete tasks assigned. Perform computer tasks using Library and City Software Organize, prioritize, and pace duties and tasks throughout the work shift. Understand and follow written and oral directions. Demonstrates ability to read and spell Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. Experience, and/or training that would provide the required knowledge and abilities to meet the needs of the library. Desired Minimum Qualifications: Knowledge Of: Principles and practices of basic library work, including the basic knowledge of the Dewey Decimal System. Operating characteristics of public access terminals. Modern office methods. Training and Experience: Basic knowledge of the library. Basic computer and technical skills Basic customer service skills Supplemental Information Physical and Mental Demands: Physical Demands: Lift and transport materials weighing 50 pounds or more, Work requires repetitive hand, arm and body movements including lifting arms above shoulder level to shelve books on a continual basis. The use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work. Bend, stoop, lift, kneel, repeatedly or continually over time to reach books at the top and bottom levels of the shelves. Remain in a standing position for extended periods of time. Push a wheeled cart weighting up to 300 pounds. Reach overhead to shelve books weighing up to 5 pounds. Work evening and weekend hours on a regular basis including a varied schedule Mental Demands: Ability to work under pressure. PHYSICAL DEMANDS CON'T: Work Environment: Position is typically office or administrative work and is not substantially exposed to adverse environmental conditions.