Do you have a noticeable passion for results? You're bold, empathetic, and very resourceful, especially when results are at stake. You have what it takes: a competitive drive coupled with the exceptional ability to communicate the science behind our client's products and build lasting business relationships. Such talent and passion make you the right fit for this unique sales role with Syneos Health. Why Syneos Health? Join a game-changing global company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Created through the merger of two industry leading companies - INC Research and inVentiv Health - we bring together more than 21,000 clinical and commercial minds to create better, smarter, faster ways to get biopharmaceutical therapies to patients. Teaming with some of the most talented professionals in the industry, you'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment where you'll be supported with comprehensive resources including emerging technologies, data, science and knowledge sharing. Grow your career with a global company committed to shortening the distance from lab to life. Syneos Health has launched more than 120 sales teams in the last 5 years across all major Therapeutic Areas - more than the top 25 pharma companies combined. We offer you more than just one job. The diversification and breadth of Syneos Health creates a multitude of career paths and employment opportunities. Our client roster consists of more than 550 organizations including all 50 of the largest global biopharmaceutical companies. Responsibilities The Oncology Specialty Consultant proactively networks with customers to enhance sales/business opportunities while bringing forth competitive intelligence. More specifically: Builds strategic customer partnerships. Develops relationships and business opportunities with key customers. Receives feedback, coaching, direction from regionally assigned RM. Collaborates with Regional Directors (managed care) in team effort related to key accounts and implementation of pull through programs. Collaborates with representative in the territory to strengthen business plans and decide on important targeted business for the territory, ie: Where there is the most impact and ROI. Is an integral member of a regional sales team and is expected to demonstrate consistent sales results and leadership behaviors in and out of the region. Partners with representative in territory and potential internal stakeholders to include: marketing, sales training, medical, sales management and operations. Fosters and maintains company relationship with key decision makers and opinion leaders.. Requirements BA/BS required, biological or related discipline 5+ years of pharmaceutical sales experience, with 2+ Oncology experience highly preferred Documented track record of consistent success Scientific collaboration and communication skills required Recent experience/local market knowledge Reliant, self-motivated, driven individual with strong leadership skills Experience, oncology medical experience (nurse/doctor), sell of complex products strongly recommended Consultative selling experience preferred Scientific background and understanding of clinical trials preferred Excellent negotiation skills required Ability to travel and possess a valid driver's license to drive to assigned healthcare accounts, unless otherwise specified Excellent written and oral communication skills required Professional Skills Desired: Professional image Oral communication skills Listening skills Technical/computer skills Achievements/awards Well organized/disciplined Competitive/industrious Self-motivated/performance accountability Sense of urgency Empathetic/Rapport builder Territory operational skills/time management Full Syneos Health benefits which include: Competitive compensation, bonuses, and fleet vehicle Generous paid time off and company paid holidays Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision package Matching 401K Dedicated training and support Tuition reimbursement Referral bonuses and other personalized quality of life conveniences Make your work matter everywhere. Be a driving force in the evolution of healthcare sales Syneos Health companies are affirmative action/equal opportunity employers (Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabled) Years Exp 5 years Position Type/Category Sales-Field Central Minimum Education Level Bachelor's Degree Employment/Job Type Full Time Employment Type Syneos Health position