Summary As an Executive Director of Cybersecurity, the quest to find new and innovative technological solutions to protect our assets, data and people is what drives you. You’ll lead a highly motivated team laser-focused on analyzing, designing, developing and delivering solutions built to stop adversaries and strengthen our operations. You’ll share your expertise, thought leadership and overall guidance and support, both with your team and across all our business and technology groups. You’ll deploy best practices, implement new policies, and embrace emerging trends to strengthen our strategic roadmap. Finally, you will lead by example and earn the trust of the internal team, collaborators from around the world working in our global team of technologists and innovators, senior management, and, the people and companies whose assets we manage and protect. Responsibilities We are seeking a Cloud Security Architect to collaborate across all organizations in JPMC to identify, deliver, and document the required artifacts to enable movement of applications and data to the cloud, including strategy, technical roadmaps, position statements, concepts, and logical specifications. The Cloud Security Architect will be hands-on, directly interacting with the engineering and application development teams and leadership to drive alignment on security requirements, influence decision makers, build relationships, and communicate strategy and architecture to the broader internal community. Provide a detailed understanding of cloud security and cloud infrastructure services. Possess significant breadth across other disciplines (e.g., enterprise security architecture, compute services, storage, large-scale networking, virtualization, data center, integration architecture (API), orchestration technologies (Openstack/Cisco), systems resiliency, service support, application development lifecycle management (DevOps), and service delivery). Lead through influence, communicate effectively through clarity of thought and demonstrated understanding of business and technical requirements. Be a strong technologist with pragmatic view and creative mind, and a natural collaborator with line of business security architects, engineers, developers, application owners, service providers, and senior management. Requirements 7+ years of increasing responsibility Architecting, positioning and delivering cloud/internet facing applications. Proven experience securing cloud software, platforms and/or infrastructures Hands-on experience as an engineer or architect with public cloud technologies to include Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and/or Google Cloud Platform. Experience with the assessment, implementation, management and documentation of a broad set of information security technologies and processes (e.g., app security, data protection, access management, network security…) within a cloud environment Experience designing cloud security solutions, including creating artifacts, models, and strategy presentations Experience with service-oriented architecture for cloud-based services Experience working with cloud security management / governance tools, Cloud Access Security Brokers (CASB), cloud services and 3rd party hosted services, and server virtualization products and technologies Solid understanding of the end-to-end information technology (IT) process, including architecture, design & engineering, implementation, and operations Experience performing security design reviews to asses security implications for introduction of new or differing technologies within the environment Ability to provide direction and guidance on architectural use cases and requirements Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C, Objective C, Python, JavaScript. IT security (e.g., CISSP, CISM…) and/or Cloud Security-related certifications (e.g., AWS, Google, Azure, etc.) Excellent command of Cybersecurity organization practices, operations risk management processes, principles, architectural requirements, engineering threats and vulnerabilities, including incident response methodologies Keen understanding of national and international laws, regulations, policies and ethics related to financial industry cybersecurity Noted cybersecurity expert, keeping technical skills current and participating in multiple forums Expertise in Agile and can work with at least one of the common frameworks Ability to identify network attacks and systemic security issues as they relate to threats and vulnerabilities, with focus on recommendations for enhancements or remediation Cyber Your expertise in cyber, combined with your desire to provide innovative security services, will be an asset to our Cybersecurity team. Help deliver high-quality security solutions across all our lines of business around the world by creating, designing, implementing, and maintaining next-level technology. The work you’ll do is vital, as it will protect over $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits every day. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.