Your Opportunity Are you interested in being part of positive changes in child welfare services? Founded in 1975 with locations across California, Aspiranet is a trusted neighbor, partner and care provider that exists to help families thrive. With personalized care, Aspiranet offers a unique blend of services including foster family support, residential care, adoption services, services for foster youth transitioning to adulthood, mental health services, intensive home-based care, and community-based family resources. We celebrate our values of respect, integrity, courage and hope through our work, and most importantly, our people. Aspiranet staff gain inspiration from human connection and understand that success is the product of teamwork. We seek champions for our mission and those committed to excellence. Your Future Team When you work for Aspiranet, you join a committed team whose efforts positively affect children and families. Your Impact The Systems Administrator manages the relationship between Human Resources ATS/HCM systems and IT vendors. This position is responsible for the sourcing, design, implementation, and maintenance of all technology systems, and providing reports and data analysis to the Executive team in support of their recruitment and employee management efforts. This position also interfaces with Communications on the branding and marketing of positions both externally via the Aspiranet website and internally via SharePoint as well as digital media. Your Skills and Duties ATS/HCM System Maintenance and Integration : Maintains the ATS/HCM systems to ensure integrity of data and ease of use for all users of the system; Acts as the system vendor/consultant liaison between the ATS/HCM systems to ensure that data flow is timely and accurate; Communicates issues and concerns to system vendors and takes ownership of identifying a resolution; Collaborates with the primary system users to understand processes, system usage, and additional needed functionality; Acts as Project Lead when new systems come up for development, such as an added LMS; Conducts Data Migration testing and trouble shoots as needed; Interacts with IT professionals, such as software engineers and programmers whenever a development process is conducted; Runs Reports out of ATS/HCM systems, analyzes results and makes recommendations accordingly; Conducts training for new hires or administrators on system functionality; Attends all meetings with system vendors and end users and provides input as warranted; Updates and maintains Foundation Tables and job catalogs as needed; Develops and maintains system documentation such as design specifications, user manuals, description of application operations, process flow charts, training materials and methodology documentation. CRM Management : Works with Communications on branding and marketing as it relates to both the internet and intranet career pages; Assists with email and other marketing campaigns; Assesses the effectiveness of digital media outreach by providing reports/metrics on ROI; Helps with the maintenance of job board websites to ensure maximum exposure and results. Administrative : Accurately completes administrative paperwork (time sheets, mileage, time off requests, expense reimbursements, weekly schedule, etc.) on time. Supports the HR/Recruitment Supervisor as needed. Other Duties: This Job Description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of tasks, duties or responsibilities that are required of this position. Duties, responsibilities and tasks may change at any time with or without notice as directed by management. Compensation: Competitive Benefits: Aspiranet is a collaborative environment where everyone has a voice in creating the best possible outcomes for our clients and our staff. We offer an exceptional work environment and a competitive benefits package for full-time employees. Our benefits package is robust, aimed at keeping you healthy and well, financially secure, providing a work-life balance, and protecting you from the unexpected. Aspira means hope. We are a network of people bringing hope forward. We look forward to learning what makes you passionate.