Do you have experience in supply chain management or quality role ? As a Quality Technician, you will serve in a consulting and auditing role while managing the quality of our environment and processes. Join our expanding team to help drive our organization today! About the Role How you will contribute Support the maintenance of Integrated Management Systems globally, regionally and site level. Coach sites on the requirements of the systems required i.e. ISO 9001, ISO 14001, C-TPAT. Conduct training on the required management systems and conduct training of internal ISO auditors. Support the implementation of global and regional processes. Coordinate and maintain the corporate internal audit schedule and monitor site level audit schedules and records providing coaching and support when required. Generate, interpret, analyze, and communicate results using management tools, graphs, and reports. Provide input on document enhancement and retention; maintain ISO/systems documentation and controls, administer activities required to maintain certifications, and actively coach the organization for maintaining systems. Lead quality processes, collect, analyze and report data as required. Follow problem solving methodology to enhance our processes globally, regionally and site level. Other duties as assigned Your Key Qualifications College with a Technical degree is preferred Experience working in an automotive or logistics environment working in a quality capacity is preferred. Proficiency on computers and Microsoft Office products. Knowledge of ISO 9001, ISO 14001, and other standards used in the automotive industry. Knowledge with the different customer (Chrysler, Ford, GM, BMW, Audi, VW) systems. Above average interpersonal, organizational and communication skills - written and oral to deal with a wide range of customers-both internal and external Compensation syncreon offers exciting and challenging roles within a growing international organization. We strive to hire and develop the right people, locally and globally; stimulating personal growth and self-development within an informal atmosphere. We offer a market competitive compensation package. About syncreon syncreon delivers tailored, progressive and scalable solutions to premier global automotive and technology brands, such as Jaguar Land Rover, Harley Davidson, BMW, Dell, Xerox and Canon. We supply 3PL and 4PL solutions that adapt as quickly as industry and the marketplace evolve. For over 60 years syncreon has provided unique and innovative expertise in: contract logistics, warehousing management, inbound to manufacturing, reverse and repair, export packing, aftermarket services, fulfilment services and transport. Today we have 14,000+ employees working in 100+ locations worldwide who enjoy our supportive culture, dedication to work-life balance, people development and superb career opportunities. For more information, visit www.syncreon.com Note Candidates chosen to move forward within the Recruitment Process, may be required to undergo an assessment and/or submit further background information. Any offers of employment may be conditional on completion of required checks and provision of relevant documentation, in accordance with the applicable local legislation.