Under the direction of the Building Official, perform complex and technical review of construction plans, construction sites, installation methods and materials to determine and assure compliance with building, fire, plumbing, mechanical and related City, state, and national constructions codes, ordinances and regulations and safety standards; examine construction drawings and specifications; provide technical support to building inspectors and counter staff; provide information concerning construction codes and requirements; when needed, conduct building inspections, approve, sign and maintain building inspection documents; investigate public complaints to assure compliance with City building and related codes. Assume the Building Official’s responsibilities in their absence. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Perform complex and technical review of construction plans to determine and assure compliance with building, plumbing, mechanical, accessibility, Washington State Energy Code, and related city, state and national construction codes, ordinances and regulations. Compute fees for types of applications for building permits; prepare and maintain a variety of reports and files as assigned. Work with the Building Official to evaluate plan review work load. Lead counter staff in the performance of more complex customer service activities. Provide back-up to the counter and inspection staffs; explain codes, policies and procedures to developers, contractors, citizens and City employees. Provide information and technical assistance regarding construction, plumbing and structural codes, insulation, plan requirements and barrier free regulations; interpret, apply and explain code requirements and ordinances. Perform field inspections to investigate technical problems or disputes or to assist Inspectors. Provide information and technical assistance to engineers, architects, developers and the public related to code enforcement. Assign building address and zip code to proposed buildings pursuant to King County addressing code system, evaluate legal descriptions, determine location and assign the appropriate emergency response address; update City maps as appropriate. Conduct technical and code research and prepare reports and maintain records related to projects as assigned; coordinate with the Building Official and, when assigned, prepare weekly Development Review Committee reports regarding section comments, when assigned. Interpret and explain ordinances, codes and regulations; communicate with fire, law enforcement, water and sewer and other community and governmental agencies. Maintain knowledge of changes in construction codes resulting from technological, architectural and building material changes and improvements; review professional code books, journals and ordinances to verify and interpret applicable codes. Respond to public and contractor questions concerning interpretation of building codes, construction issues and City administrative procedures; answer questions by telephone, in person or in the field regarding construction, plumbing and structural codes, insulation, plan requirements and barrier free regulations; interpret, apply and explain code requirements and ordinances. Write detailed letters whenever code deficiencies are discovered during plan review; write letters to clarify policy, plan review comments and document activities. Update records in permit tracking software. Create plan review correction letter on word processing software. Act as backup to Development Specialists; perform Development Specialist duties at front counter as required; respond to inquiries from the public and review permit applications; calculate fees; issue permits as necessary. On occasion, perform residential, commercial and industrial on-site inspections at various stages of construction, alteration and repair to assure compliance with City codes and ordinances, safety standards and state and national codes and regulations, including the International Building Code (IBC), plumbing and mechanical codes, regulations for barrier-free facilities, energy, swimming pool, sign and abatement codes. Write detailed correction notices whenever code violations are discovered during inspections. Prepare and maintain a variety of records and reports, including inspection records, correction notices, stop work notices, unsafe to enter notices and approved drawings. KNOWLEDGE OF: Applicable federal, state and local laws, codes, ordinances, regulations, policies and procedures related to plans review, building inspection and code enforcement. Design and engineering principles, techniques and practices. Federal, state and local building, housing, plumbing and mechanical codes, ordinances and regulations. Methods, techniques, policies and procedures used in building inspection. Plans examination and review procedures. Principles of training and providing work direction. Interpersonal skills using tact, patience and courtesy. City organization, operations, policies and objectives. Construction tools, equipment, materials, safety standards and modern methods of building construction. Operation of a computer and related word processing, permitting, and engineering software. ABILITY TO: Perform complex and technical review of construction plans to determine and assure compliance with building, plumbing, mechanical, energy conservation, and handicap and related City, state and national construction codes, ordinances and regulations. Perform a variety of inspections of construction sites, installation methods and materials to assure compliance with federal, state and City codes and ordinances, state and national codes and regulations and safety standards. Evaluate construction plans, specifications, soils reports and engineering calculations to ensure compliance with applicable codes and standards. Provide information concerning construction codes and requirements and investigate public complaints to assure compliance with City building and related codes. Perform field inspections of facilities under construction or alteration. Review the work of others. Train and provide work direction to others. Work independently with little direction. Work and communicate effectively with the public, contractors, developers and co- workers, both orally and in writing. Work with constant interruption. Provide information and technical assistance to engineers, architects, developers and the public related to code enforcement. Read, interpret, apply and explain regulations, codes plans, policies and procedures. Analyze situations accurately and adopt an effective course of action. Prepare clear and concise correspondence and written materials. Operate a personal computer connected to a local area network. Create correction letters on word processing software. Maintain records on permit tracking software. Physical ability to perform the essential job functions. Demonstrated ability to positively and effectively interact with diverse individuals to accomplish a common goal. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Any combination equivalent to: Five (5) years experience in building construction, or three (3) years experience in building construction and two (2) years college-level or trade school course work in Structural Engineering, Construction Technology, Architecture, Building Inspection Technology, or related field; two (2) years experience in government agency inspection/compliance activities; and one (1) year experience in plans examination. LICENSES AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Valid ICC certification as a B3 Plans Examiner within 6 months of hire or equivalent; valid Washington State driver’s license. TO APPLY: Please complete a required City of Federal Way application form and attach resume and cover letter. Applications available at City Hall, 33325 8th Avenue South, Federal Way, online at www.cityoffederalway.com, or by calling 253-835-2530. _The City of Federal way is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workplace. Applicants may request a copy of the City’s EEOP Utilization Report by contacting Human Resources at 253-835-2531. Any person requiring ADA accommodation should advise the City of the need. For telecommunications relay service for voice and text telephones call 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388/TTY or 1-800-833-6384/voice._