_Strength Through Diversity_ _Ground breaking science. Advancing medicine. Healing made personal._ _Biostatistician I - 2319524_ _Roles & Responsibilities:_ The Biostatistician I is responsible for providing statistical support, including study design, sample size and protocol development in support of clinical projects. Prepares statistical analysis plans, generates statistical summary tables and performs database integration for more comprehensive analyses. To run genome-wide association analysis of large family based datasets (On computing cluster) To analyze RNA-Seq data Visualization of results using R, Python To report the results to the group Performs other related duties as assigned _Requirements:_ Education: Master’s in Human Genetics, Statistics or bioinformatics Experience: 1 year of biostatistics or related experience in research preferred Excellent written, oral and interpersonal skills Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Excellent organizational skills Detail-Oriented _Strength Through Diversity_ The Mount Sinai Health System believes that diversity and inclusion is a driver for excellence. We share a common devotion to delivering exceptional patient care. Yet we’re as diverse as the city we call home- culturally, ethically, in outlook and lifestyle. When you join us, you become a part of Mount Sinai’s unrivaled record of achievement, education and advancement as we revolutionize healthcare delivery together. We work hard to recruit and retain the best people, and to create a welcoming, nurturing work environment where you have the opportunity and support to develop professionally. We share the belief that all employees, regardless of job title or expertise, have an impact on quality patient care. Explore more about this opportunity and how you can help us write a new chapter in our story! _Who We Are_ Over 38,000 employees strong, the mission of the Mount Sinai Health System is to provide compassionate patient care with seamless coordination and to advance medicine through unrivaled education, research, and outreach in the many diverse communities we serve. Formed in September 2013, The Mount Sinai Health System combines the excellence of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai with seven premier hospitals, including Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai Brooklyn, The Mount Sinai Hospital, Mount Sinai Queens, Mount Sinai West (formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt), Mount Sinai St. Luke’s, and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai. _The Mount Sinai Health System is an equal opportunity employer. We promote recognition and respect for individual and cultural differences, and we work to make our employees feel valued and appreciated, whatever their race, gender, background, or sexual orientation._ EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans