With over 230 million users in 196 countries, Change.org is the world’s largest technology platform for social change. We’re a social impact business, and we’re aiming to build a world where no one is powerless and where creating change is a part of everyday life. As a Data Engineer in our San Francisco office, you'll be part of a close-knit functional team of 3-5 engineers. You’ll use your skills to manage our email platform, data pipelines and availability of systems that are core to our business. Here’s what you’ll do as part of our team: Effective collaboration within team, with partner groups and across regions Take ownership of - and be responsible for - results Effectively troubleshoot issues in production environment Clearly articulate technical details to a variety of audiences Curiosity and drive to learn Effective participation in engineering task estimation Adaptability in the face of new information, requirements or learnings Required experience and skills: Data pipeline/ETL experience SQL proficiency (MySQL, SQL Server, Redshift) Experience monitoring and debugging production systems Experience with distributed systems and architectures Experience integrating with third-party services Proficiency with Git or other distributed version control systems Nice to haves: Experience with Salesforce/SFMC/ExactTarget Experience with NoSQL data stores e.g. Redis, Cassandra Experience with AWS Kinesis/Lambda workflows Experience with REST/SOAP APIs DevOps/infrastructure experience Knowledge of additional languages and frameworks (Ruby/Rails, Node.js, Golang) This is a full-time opportunity. The position is located in San Francisco, CA. Change.org is committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage applicants of different backgrounds, cultures, genders, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical disability, or length of time spent unemployed. Apply for this job