Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship- building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Manager, you will manage relationships with clients. You are a proactive self-starter and are able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Additionally, you are an advisor and consultant, as well as a client advocate within Google. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences. Responsibilities Work collaboratively with a team to drive growth for new and existing customers. Develop relationships and serve as a trusted consultant for customers to optimize their advertising expenditures. Generate business plans to define strategies and tactics. Understand and adapt to Google's ongoing product and technology developments. Manage multiple cross-product opportunities and projects. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting or media. Preferred qualifications: Consultative sales background with business growth, client relationship and servicing experience. Excellent quantitative and analytical abilities with deep understanding of the Internet, search engines and the online advertising space. Ability to work towards strategic business growth goals. Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.