Job Summary The Premier Services Consulting role is tasked with helping to provide Secure-24 customers the ability to quickly and efficiently migrate existing infrastructure into a Secure-24 managed services environment. It is critical that the Premier Services Consultant be able to gather all necessary information on the customer’s current environment and provide concise documentation around that existing infrastructure. Areas of documentation will include but are not limited to servers, networks, applications, application performance, application mapping, storage, backup/recovery and customer support processes. The Premier Services Consultant must be able to articulate discovery information to both the customer and Secure-24 staff in order to guide a proper design and migration strategy. Based on the discovery process the Premier Services Consultant will make a recommendation with regards to the customer infrastructure. Where necessary the consultant will help lead customers to improve their existing systems to make them ready for migration to Secure-24 managed services. Some time and material based consulting may result from issues uncovered during the discovery process. The Premier Services Consultant will also be responsible for setting up proof of concept (POC) environments depending on solutions that are recommended for the customer. These POC’s will help to validate that what Secure-24 is recommending for the customer will work with their applications and business processes. The Premier Services Consultant will be an integral part of the actual migration of the customer. They will provide onsite support where necessary and assist the implementation team with configuration and data migration strategies. The Premier Services Consultant will help direct technical communication and work with the customer regarding testing and acceptance.. Essential Functions Provide support where necessary to the Sales and Solutions Architecture group during the pre-sales/sales process. Analyze the customer’s IT requirements and give independent objective advice on direction and problem mitigation. Use the approved Premier Services Framework for discovery, customer assessment and proof of concept testing. Gather necessary information on the customer’s current environment and provide concise documentation around their existing infrastructure. Create Infrastructure Assessment document with recommendations and proposed solutions based on the outcome of customer discovery. Work with Secure-24 Premier Services Director and Enterprise Architects to make sure appropriate solutions are being recommended. Central point of technical contact for Secure-24 staff regarding customer infrastructure questions during migration. Create and maintain both data center and customer based proof of concept environments. Work with Secure-24 implementations group as well as the customer to map out migration strategy. Provide on-site support for Secure-24 Implementations team during critical stages of the migration Identify additional sales and solutions opportunity at the customer and report findings to Premier Services Manager. Assist in migration from customer location to Secure-24 approved data center. Leadership and Team Focus Provides recommendations on changes and design enhancements to improve reliability, security, processes, and performance. Takes responsibility for meeting commitments; desire to succeed and has a history of meeting solutions by deadline. Builds respectful relationships with team members; consistently acknowledges and appreciates each member's contributions. Effectively utilizes each team member to his/her fullest potential; motivates team to work together in the most efficient manner. Provides quality customer service above else; ensures an understanding between customer and Secure-24 and helps provide workable solutions. Keeps track of lessons learned and shares those lessons with team members. Mitigates team conflict and communication problems; provides information that insures interest and understanding. Promotes innovation, creativity, and effectiveness, always striving for continuous improvement. Grows professionally and personally; eager to acquire new knowledge while promoting Secure-24’s values and culture. Qualifications Bachelor's degree and/or 5+ years of Information Technology and consulting related experience. Technical areas of knowledge include but are not limited to network, storage, applications, Microsoft Technologies, backup and recovery, virtualization and server infrastructure. Experience in technical development, design, implementation and architecture Drive innovative ideas and keep tabs of the latest technology as it applies to the Premier Services Excellent documentation skills Strong analytical skills Good presentation skills Proficiency in Microsoft Technologies Exceptional communication skills with the ability to explain complex IT related concepts to both technical and non technical audiences A broad understanding of computers systems, networks, applications and operating systems Ability to guide customers to identify and solve real world technology challenges Ability to work effectively with customers, management and other Secure-24 colleagues to drive customer success Demonstrate a high energy and positive attitude that promotes flexibility, teamwork and initiative Ability to travel 10-20%