Job Information Job Summary: The Admissions & Student Database Administrator is responsible for oversight of the Office of Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs (OGPA) admissions process, manages student and applicant data with the graduate programs, and coordinates the planning with other OGPA staff for events associated with admissions, orientation, and convocation. Responsibilities: Monitor admissions process for Biological Sciences Division (BSD) including releasing decisions. Manage student records for internal BSD processes and university processes. Manage quarterly graduation and annual convocation process for BSD. Manage Non-Degree Visiting Student (NDVS) process for BSD with local administrators and the Office of International Affairs. Represent OGPA and BSD at divisional and university meetings regarding admissions, graduation, convocation, and the academic information system (AIS). Manage admissions and alumni information on the BSD website administrative support for BSD student groups. A ssist with OGPA functions such as annual orientation, MBL bootcamp, recruitment efforts. Competencies: Strong computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, database management Excellent oral and written communication skills Attention to detail Flexible and adaptable Strong organizational skills Ability to research issues and propose solutions to problems Demonstrated initiative in improving processes and enhancing systems Ability to exercise sound judgment, discretion and tact Time management skills and the ability to handle multiple, concurrent tasks within deadlines Ability to work with individuals from across the division and university Additional Requirements Education and Experience: Education: Bachelor degree required Advanced degree preferred Experience: A minimum of three years administrative experience required Experience working with database management required Experience in graduate education preferred Experience in event planning preferred Required Documents: Resume Cover Letter Writing Sample NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-07-02-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-01-02-08:00