Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is a leading provider of technology and staffing solutions for IT, Security, Engineering, and Interactive Design disciplines servicing startups to enterprise clients, nationally. We pride ourselves in the ability to introduce you to our intimate network of business and technology leaders – bringing you opportunity coupled with personal growth, and professional development! Join us. Let us catapult your career! Full Stack Software Developer - Global Legal Firm IMMEDIATE NEED for a Full Stack Software Developer join our Global Legal client here in Houston, TX. You will be working with a diverse range of applications and integration Elite 3E. Qualifications: Experience in web development using C, ASP.Net, JavaScript, Angular, Web Services and Team Foundation System Solid knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server database architecture, operations and performance Understanding of professional enterprise systems integration Ideally strong experience in working with Thomson Reuters Elite 3E Ability to support and monitor 24x7 website operations and delivery Experience with CMS platforms, MS Azure or other cloud technologies Legal background is highly desired but not required Please send your resume to Shawn Jen, Senior Technical Recruiter for immediate consideration. Let us help you secure an interview! ABOUT US Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is an award-winning Information Technology Solutions and Staffing provider with roots in Southern California. For over fifteen years, we have had the privilege of serving exceptional client organizations as both a local and national resource. Our team is comprised of seasoned technologists, staffing industry thought leaders, top-notch recruiters, dedicated account executives, and a world class support staff. _Irvine Technology Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Irvine Technology Corporation complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities._