What you’ll be doing... You’ll be responsible for meeting the Business Intelligence needs for key domains and will be performing various tasks central to helping our business partners. You’ll be involved in different projects (like Real-Time Analytics) across Verizon to build knowledge base and act as a Subject Matter Expert in related fields. Generating/ presenting metrics using latest reporting tools. Designing/ developing data modules that convert underlying raw data to more readily usable formats for reporting, data mining. Helping to enable real-time analytics using latest big data technologies. Performing data deep dives to pinpoint problems. Designing/ Developing Olap modules (Cubes). What we’re looking for... You’ll need to have: Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Experience with Data Warehousing Technologies. Experience with SQL. Even better if you have: Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics, Business, Finance, or other quantitative discipline or six or more years of work experience. Experience with reporting tools like Tableau. Experience with Teradata and its tools. Experience with Big Data (Hadoop) including hands on working experience with Hive, Pig, MapReduce, Hbase. Knowledge in Kafka/Storm data pipelines. Experience with NoSQL Database. Programming experience in Java/Python/ Ruby or Scala. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.