IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. The IQVIA Advanced Analytics team is one of the leading healthcare analytical teams in the world. Joining the AA team provides the opportunity to work with extremely complex data and methodologies in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. We seek highly motivated people who truly want to make a difference in human data science. At IQVIA, we look for the very best people, and then give them meaningful work to do. We don’t simply think about careers, we think about contributions. What You’ll Be Doing: Developing, implementing, managing, and validating statistical-based custom analytics for pharmaceutical client engagements to help answer complex business questions Assisting the IQVIA Real World Insights and Commercial Services teams with use of appropriate data assets, methodologies, statistical techniques and delivery options to meet client information and analyses needs Designing/documenting analytical plans and developing detailed programming specifications for the execution of the analysis plan Coordinating with off-shore statistical programmers throughout the project lifecycle to ensure accurate and timely delivery Collaborating closely with project managers to create timelines for the project and to ensure that project results and conclusions are presented accurately and without bias Understanding the contracted scope of work, proactively identifying potential out-of-scope activities and bringing to the attention of the project leader Working with consulting principals and sales team on business development effort by providing ad-hoc feasibility reports, providing estimations of effort and developing methodologies that address client needs Managing the development work for urgent and/or complex projects requiring programming and statistical models in Python, R or other software packages Building expertise in cross-platform applications of IQVIA assets with a specialization in longitudinal pharmacy and medical claims data What We’re Looking For: Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field including statistics, mathematics, computer science, business analytics or other quantitative field. Master’s degree or doctorate preferred. Two to five years of prior experience in operations research, market research, business analytics or applied statistics including manipulating larger datasets, conducting statistical analysis and deriving insights. Healthcare industry experience preferred. Job title commensurate with experience/education Experience using statistical programming languages (SQL, Python, R and/or SAS) to manipulate data and build statistical models. Experience with distributed data/computing tools such as MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Impala, Spark, etc. is preferred Knowledge and experience with statistical and data mining concepts including one or more of the following: multivariate analysis, significance testing, regression, decision trees, clustering, forecasting, sampling, scenario analysis, simulation, advanced modeling and machine learning techniques Prior experience with healthcare data analytics leveraging patient-level/longitudinal healthcare claims data, electronic medical records (EMR) or related data is highly desired Ability to problem solve and develop innovative approaches along with a drive to learn and master new techniques and technologies Strong organization skills and ability to work on multiple tasks simultaneously while achieving quality standards and meeting deadlines Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively across teams Experience visualizing/presenting data for internal stakeholders and clients We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward. Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there! We invite you to join IQVIA™.