Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division The Information Technology (IT) group at KLA-Tencor is involved in every aspect of the global business. IT’s mission is to enable business growth and productivity by connecting people, process, and technology. It focuses not only on enhancing the technology that enables our business to thrive but also on how employees use and are empowered by technology. This integrated approach to customer service, creativity and technological excellence enables employee productivity, business analytics, and process excellence. Responsibilities Provide network architecture and consulting engagement with internal and external partners on a day-to-day basis to satisfy field IT requirements. Work on network upgrades and new site build outs globally with IT security best practices. Assess wireless landscape periodically in KLA-Tencor's environment and come up with detailed plan and documentation to mitigate and improve network health. Work as an architect to deploy and manage campus security solutions – Aruba Clearpass infrastructure, Cisco / PAN VPN, RSA Two Factor Authentication. Assess global WAN and LAN performance periodically and improve QoS strategies on MPLS and DMVPN networks. Work on next generation projects with cloud based services in AWS and Azure with multi-tenant, multi-VPC interconnections across the globe. Assess global WAN and LAN performance periodically and improve QoS strategies on MPLS and DMVPN / SDWAN networks. Revamp new network initiatives like multicast networks and SDWAN technologies to introduce corporate video streaming service globally. Periodically assess new network technologies to develop “non-branded” commodity based solutions with the help of SDN and Network virtualization techniques – Cumulus, Open vSwitch, OpenStack, etc. Work with suite of network monitoring tools like Solarwinds Orion, Netbrain, Cisco Prime Infrastructure, and other data analysis tools like Netflow and Splunk to help tune and improve network infrastructure health. Preferred Qualifications Cisco Network platform - Enterprise Wireless design and Architecture (10K+ users). Large scale PAN Firewalls and Aruba Clearpass / Cisco ISE deployment, Enterprise Routing and Campus Switching, Nexus data center switching, Dell Force10 or equivalent. Cloud based networking technologies in AWS, Azure or equivalent. WAN optimization technologies. Exposure to SDN and network virtualization technologies like NSX, Cisco ACI, etc. Certifications - CCIE or equivalent. Minimum Qualifications Master's Level Degree with at least 6 years of experience. OR Bachelor's Level Degree with at least 7 years of experience. Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.