Job Responsibilities SME – Analytics (MicroStrategy) How this role will make an impact: Data is critical to the success of any retail organization, and at PetSmart, it is the lifeblood that drives value by providing the information to make strategic business decisions and process improvements. As an Analytics SME you will be responsible for collaborating with the Analytics teams and the business to design and build sustainable Enterprise Information Management (EIM) solutions and add significant business value. You will execute the build, test and deployment of the solution to ensure it meets design specification and ultimately the business requirements. PetSmart needs you to drive our company success by providing accurate and reliable business information that will help us to bring our pet parents closer to their pets so they can live a more fulfilled life, to be the trusted partner to pet parents, being a highly customer focused retailer. Your goals and responsibilities will include: Works with Information Architecture, Enterprise Architecture (EA) and business area teams to review requirements, detailed technical design and specification documents to identify system dependencies and risks Support the management of the MicroStrategy platform to include tech uplift, resolving difficult, complex problems that can affect the company as a whole Define, implement and monitor platform KPIs Performance Tune Intelligent Server and Web Server for best MicroStrategy and setup monitoring/tuning environment configuration and settings Develop mechanisms and automation for deploying, migration, or refreshing MicroStrategy projects and configuration changes across the various environments, including User/Group Provisioning and DB Instances Identifies, recommends and champions the automation of the routine tasks to drive efficiency and productivity of the team Develop talent of internal staff and contractors by providing technical guidance and emphasizing application of PetSmart’s best practices and standards Triages major incidents by demonstrating subject matter expertise on the MicroStrategy platform Drives root cause analysis for problems, estimate efforts and contributes in the development of long term solutions Ensures platform currency, plans capacity strategically and schedules major and minor upgrades Champion efforts to ensure appropriate development best practices and assist with strategy and roadmap development. Participates in operational readiness sessions to rank and sign off on incoming projects and programs Defines the tooling strategy for automated code reviews, CI/CD process Be current on latest industry developments and trends to help lead the development of system/process improvements What you’ll bring to the table: BS Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or other technical discipline. Minimum 5 years hands on development experience with MicroStrategy; Expertise in performance tuning and knowledge of MicroStrategy 10.x administration Experience with MicroStrategy Components: Enterprise Manager, System Manager, Command Manager and Narrowcast. Integration for Reporting and Analytic Solution architectures, integration patterns and best practices. Ability to develop successful relationships with external and internal partners. Strong self-leadership and ability to manage conflict. Ability to lead project teams consisting of internal staff, partners, and contractors. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Demonstrated problem solving, multi-tasking, troubleshooting skills with a high degree of flexibility. Understanding of business intelligence, data warehousing, data modeling, architectures and terminology. Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) / Agile development. Strong analytical skills with the ability to understand key business processes and related issues. Strong self-leadership and ability to work independently and manage conflict. Demonstrated experience in SQL scripting ((Netezza, SQL Server and Oracle preferred). Preferred experience with Big Data technologies. About our IT team: We’re growing at a faster pace than we ever have before, investing heavily in cutting-edge technology and, more importantly, _our people._ Our PetSmart IT team isn’t just its own department, they are valued business partners to every area of our company. At every level, our IT associates are empowered to come up with innovative ideas that have strategic impacts to the business. You’ll take pride in the work that you do and the “why” behind it all—for the love of pets. Why you’ll love it here: Our home office offers outstanding amenities in a fun and rewarding workplace including: Pet friendly environment, bring your pets to work! A work-life balance and family events such as movie nights, art events and holiday festivals “Top Dog” gym with equipment, fitness classes, massage therapists and personal trainers “Sit & Stay” Café serving fresh breakfast and lunch options Starbucks cart—productivity at its finest! “Lil’ Paws” learning center and onsite childcare facility Volunteer events with PetSmart Charities Submit Resume