Credit Karma's mission is to make financial progress possible for everyone. We have over 80 million US members and are a true mission-oriented business, a rare case where our incentives are aligned with our users — we succeed by helping our members. If you're motivated by growth and impact, Credit Karma is one of the best places to work in tech today. We are growing our product beyond credit scores (e.g. Credit Karma Tax) and are well-positioned to become the main touchpoint for consumer finance, but there is so much work left to do! Engineers joining now have tons of opportunities to take on responsibility and ownership and have a meaningful impact. We embrace a culture where engineers are encouraged to identify opportunities to scale the product, technology, and organization, and then launch them into action. See some of our stories at engineering.creditkarma.com. As a full-stack software engineer, you will contribute to a wide variety of projects that power our business and help deliver value to our members. We have a wide array of challenges — from building scalable systems to support new product features, decomposing our legacy PHP application into microservices that can work in concert to help our members, to launching new experiences on both desktop and mobile web. Some of the experiences as a full-stack engineer include: 5 years of experience partnering with Product, Design, and other engineering teams to deliver great user experiences Writing front-end code in React + Redux Creating reusable React components that will be used across our products Building new services in Node.js and Scala Identifying ways to improve our technology and process Building internal APIs in Thrift and client-facing APIs in GraphQL Participating in code and technical design reviews Designing metrics and dashboards to empower data-driven decisions Influencing the features and direction of the product with your own ideas Learn more about Credit Karma at creditkarma.com/careers LI-AG1