Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship- building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Executive, you will help to provide integrated, cross-platform advertising solutions. Google has become a leader in this space because we've developed effective products and services targeted to marketers and consumers. You will manage business relationships to ensure that the clients' needs and requirements are met. You will serve as an advocate within Google, while collaborating with other Google teams to provide them with a comprehensive portfolio of solutions and options. This is a client-facing role requiring deep industry expertise, proven business ability and a broad base of industry contacts. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences. Responsibilities Work collaboratively with a global team to support business growth across new and existing initiatives. Develop high-level relationships and serve as a trusted consultant for major customers to optimize their advertising growth. Generate global business plans to define our strategies, tactics and relationships. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and manage multiple cross-product opportunities and projects. Understand and adapt to Google's ongoing product and technology developments. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in advertising sales, account management and/or client services. Preferred qualifications: Substantial experience in business development, client relationship and servicing skills, and consultative selling, with the ability to deliver results under pressure. Experience developing long term, senior-level relationships with advertisers, agencies, and/or clients. Demonstrated the ability to be flexible/adaptable in exercising judgment in a dynamic environment. Strong ability to navigate ambiguity and manage competing priorities. Willing to travel frequently. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.