_About Us_ In today’s always-connected world, businesses need to be available to customers, 24/7/365. This is non-negotiable. Enter Zerto. By providing Resilience for Evolving IT™, Zerto ensures enterprises always have access to business-critical data and applications regardless of any IT interruption, downtime or delay. Zerto’s award-winning Cloud Continuity Platform™—protecting thousands of enterprises worldwide —is the simplest, most reliable BC/DR software solution built to protect applications on any virtualized IT environment, be it public, private or hybrid cloud. Zerto’s fast-moving, creative and supportive work culture fosters innovation and hard work centered around an atmosphere of fun and togetherness. Zerto’s leaders work tirelessly at creating a work space where people love coming to every day. We work in an entrepreneurial, creative, and collaborative environment. If you have a passion for pushing your own limits and are eager to have impact on a winning team, you might be the person we are looking for. _Are you feeling Zertonian?_ _Why work with our group:_ The Sales Engineering team works closely with our engineering, sales, and product management teams to ensure that Zerto is delivering overall superior service and support to clients and partners. Zerto Sales Engineering team members are the “best of the best” at presenting our business-critical, virtual BC/DR offerings. _Job Description:_ As a Zerto Cloud Architect you will provide your technology, design, and program expertise to Cloud Service Provider (CSP) partner members of the Zerto Cloud Ecosystem (ZCE). You will also work with prospective CSPs who are working to evaluate and potentially join the ZCE to deliver Zerto solutions and related tools to the market. _What You’ll be Doing:_ Provide ongoing and proactive technical management of assigned CSPs including, but not limited to: monthly status calls and meetings, quarterly product updates, and regular design review and case review, along with annual or semi-annual business review with your Cloud Account Executive to ensure the continued rapid expansion of our CSP partners Deliver the Zerto message and vision including technical architecture presentations and product demonstrations to prospective CSPs Conduct remote calls and face-to-face meetings to discuss CSP business and technical fit with Zerto software products Establish reputation with your regional CSPs as a trusted technical adviser on Zerto software products Provide technical guidance and support of sales efforts to drive team-based selling with aligned Cloud Account Executives Guide prospective CSPs through installation of proof of concept solutions, working with CSP engineers and the account executive to ensure the CSP joins the ZCE following the POC Evangelize Zerto solutions at local, regional, and national events and trade shows such as VMUGs, VMworld, Microsoft TechEd, Amazon re:Invent, and others Drive onboarding and training across assigned CSPs and their staff to develop strong and deep strategic relationships and enable CSP engineers, sales persons, program managers, operations teams and others to deliver Zerto-based DR-as-a-Service solutions to the market Interact with Development and Engineering to ensure the product fills CSP requirements and communicate these requirements and findings to the Product Management team Evangelize Zerto solutions online through social media _What you’ll Bring:_ 10+ years in software or hardware pre-sales or technical account manager roles 15+ years of total IT industry experience Experience with VMware products including vSphere, vCenter, and vCloud Director Experience with other hypervisor-based products/infrastructure (e.g. Hyper-V, KVM, etc) Experience with public clouds (e.g. Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, etc) Understanding of storage concepts, architecture and storage platforms (e.g. SAN/NAS/DAS) Strong communication and interpersonal skills The ability to explain technical solutions and concepts to non-technical people Good practical understanding of datacenter architecture BA/BS, preferably in a Computer related field Working knowledge of Microsoft Server environments (Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2003), plus x86 platforms, devices, and networking Willingness and ability to perform 50% travel across assigned region Willingness and ability to travel internationally if ever needed Valid passport _Highly Preferred Skills_ Working knowledge of Salesforce or other major CRM Enterprise-level architecture and management of real-life IT environments Experience working for a Cloud Service Provider or Managed Service Provider delivering XaaS solutions Technical certifications (VCP, MCSE, CCNA, etc.) Experience with operation and administration of Windows Server 2008 and later Practical experience with Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle database, or other database technologies Ability to set up and test customer-like computing environments for demo/troubleshooting purposes Network administration in routing, switching, firewall configuration