Status: Now hiring Location: Houston, Texas Full-time The Patient Care Intervention Center (PCIC) is a non-profit organization whose mission is to improve quality and costs for the vulnerable in our community through data integration and care coordination. PCIC envisions a coordinated health safety net where all stakeholders share data to make better decisions. Technology plays a critical role in helping PCIC realize its mission: PCIC’s proprietary web-based electronic health record software facilitates compassionate patient care and is constantly undergoing feature updates through a rapid iterative prototyping cycle. Additionally, patient data from the health record complements several community-wide data sets that inform stakeholders which community resources are most high-yield and where service gaps still exist. As a Data Analytics Engineer, your scope of work will be driven by priorities from the client intervention, research, and software development functions of PCIC. You will be responsible for analyzing many levels of data related to population health, and you will have the opportunity to hone your skills in a variety of data analytics platforms throughout all stages of the systems development life cycle. Your key projects will revolve around building interactive dashboards to display complex data in meaningful ways for stakeholder agencies such as social service providers, healthcare providers, and local governments. Because data drives every key decision at PCIC, your expertise will be tremendously valued in a variety of organization-wide initiatives as well. We expect you to be self-motivated and entrepreneurial in your work style. Successful applicants will demonstrate a penchant for creative problem solving and a commitment to our dynamic, collaborative, non-hierarchical, and ego-free culture. We value talent and ideas over a role or title, and we encourage all team members to take part in conferences and user groups, contribute to our blog, and enroll in continuing education and certification programs. If you are looking to be a part of an exceptional team, develop your career based on what you are passionate about, and have fun in the process, please connect with us! Minimum Requirements Master’s degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science or Information Systems Minimum of 2 years of experience in SQL Server & T-SQL development Minimum of 2 years of experience working on analytics platforms like Tableau, PowerBI, Alteryx, R, and/or SSAS Experience working on advanced Excel features like Power View, Power Pivot, and Power Maps Experience working on and building dimensional DB models Experience with reporting and analytics for application design and development Preferred Requirements Experience working in the Health Information Technology domain Experience working with Electronic Health Record data and claims data Experience in developing ETL packages Experience with Microsoft IDE’s (SSMS, SSRS, SSAS & Visual Studio) Experience developing predictive analytics models Experience with Agile or iterative development SDLC practices Experience in gather requirements, design, develop, and implement custom software solutions Familiar with NoSQL DB design pattern Travel We anticipate no more than 5% travel for this role. Contact Information Submit your resume to support@pcictx.org