Description: Austin - TX, AUS1, 2309 Gracy Farms Lane, 78758 Sruti Patel 20180716-4532 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: The Lean Methodology Specialist helps teams get to higher levels of maturity by continually improving their process, and ensuring that they adhere to the Scrum framework. S/he will work with the Scrum masters to serve as the Scrum framework authority for their teams and evangelize and educate their teams on, not only the process, but the benefits of following the process. The Lean Methodology Specialist has above average communication and facilitation skills, are well organized, and exhibit above average follow-up and follow-through skills. S/he will facilitate discussion, decision making and conflict resolution. S/he will evangelize, demonstrate, and live the Agile values and principles as stated in the Agile Manifesto. What you’ll do: Evangelist \- Evangelize lean practices in the RWT organization Continuous improvement – Effectiveness of lean programs, create a framework for feedback loop, integration into Townhalls. Documentation and optimization of current processes (Redeploy Standard work – document the current processes for onboarding, work with MD to create improvements through value mapping. Product Value mapping – work with development teams & product owners to value map the product and see if we can make improvements (ex. EAC) Process Value mapping – Document existing processes and enhance/simplify them. Bridge the fragmentation in processes across teams Product metrics adoption – get the metrics from the product teams (cost of development vs. customer adoption – bring visibility to both product and development teams. Standard Work: Standardization (ex. Definition of done; boards; metrics), Create/reinforce standards through analysis and measurement (ex. Improve code quality, sampling, coach/TD feedback) Team Maturity/ Assessment of current state – practices: Assess current state of teams - Work with every team to understand where there is room for improvement and help retrain/mature the team. Assessment of technology stack for each team – see what teams are using what technologies. Metrics Collection – help deploy a better metrics system for teams to get continuous feedback Roles and responsibilities – updates and training on roles and responsibilities, Definition of done, standard work Recognition/Engagement: Continuous improvement - feedback between teams and management. Better Business Interactions : create a feedback loop on feature use few months out vs. money spent by teams. Better Communication : Gemba walk attendance, Implement better communication with offshore, RWT newsletter, Townhalls & Tech summits. Culture : Implement a mentality of train > apply > measure; protecting dev time; encourage innovation Onboarding practices – Create/update a curriculum for onboarding with different tracks for QA/DEV Continuous Learning – Design Curriculum for continuous learning, Engage management to teach classes, create evaluations, collect data, offshore curriculum, metrics. Career pathing – create a clear career path for team members to move to the next level What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Management/Technical Project Mgmt-6+ yrs Position Located In: TX - Austin Education: HS/GED Job Type: Full Time Category:Information Technology Activation Date: Friday, August 3, 2018 Expiration Date: Tuesday, March 5, 2019 Apply Here