Overview GovernmentCIO is currently seeking a senior level Window Linux system Administrator to support the technical capabilities for an internal website. This role requires skills in implementation, troubleshooting, analyzing, and maintaining the IT Infrastructure for our customer environments, which includes network connectivity and utilization, Windows and Red Hat server administration, virtualization, performance tuning, backups, and restores. Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems. An in-depth knowledge for disaster recovery using VMware Site Recovery. This role requires good communication skills, both with team members and business contacts. In addition, the successful System Administrator must be able to work with minimal supervision on multiple concurrent projects. Responsibilities Create and maintain comprehensive documentation as it relates to server and network topology, equipment, and configuration(s). Create project plans, design, and implement solutions for disaster recovery in a VMware environment using Site Recovery and EMC storage. Level 1 2 and 3 Support for problems identified with systems and network. Participate in after-hours upgrades, troubleshooting, and/or on-call availability as needed. Standard system administration duties including server install, System/Application install and patch management, Problem determination and log analysis. Configure, test, and maintain Virtual infrastructure environment. . Provide Infrastructure services in all areas needed: storage networking, Operating System, server virtualization, system backup and restore, system and network monitoring, application installation and configuration. Assist with producing monthly, weekly and daily reports and infrastructure monitoring. Stay current with system information, changes, and updates. Create and maintain comprehensive documentation as it relates to server and network topology, equipment, and configuration(s). Qualifications BS degree in a technical discipline or equivalent experience (Computer Science or Computer Engineering is preferred). 4+ years’ experience administering Windows & Linux Servers, including in production environments. Experience working with Windows 2003 - 2012, VMware, EMC Storage Technologies Working hands on experience of RHEL 6 and 7 Experience in the installation, configuration, troubleshooting, diagnostics, and administration of Web server based applications and operating systems on Intel-based platforms Knowledge of VSphere 5.5 and above, Microsoft Windows Servers, Active Directory, Linux Servers, and HP, Dell, IBM server hardware Experience with VMware Site Recovery a Plus Experience in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages. Knowledge of backup and recovery practices, Networker Technology is a Plus. Knowledge of Pivotal for application and Web services is a Plus. Knowledge of security best practices for systems, software and services. Ability to work independently, prioritizes existing projects, and proactively determines areas requiring additional attention, monitoring, or maintenance. Experience with Data Storage architecture. Experienced in hosting Java application and Web services.