Constellis was established in 2010 by a group of operators and investors who sought to combine best-in-class brands, assets and people within the complex risk management industry. Today, the leading provider of risk management and operational support services worldwide, Constellis combines the legacy capabilities and experience of ACADEMI, AMK9, Triple Canopy, Olive Group, OMNIPLEX, Centerra, Edinburgh International, Strategic Social and all of their affiliates. From life support, procurement, operations and maintenance to high-threat protection, training, C4I systems integration and crisis response, Constellis helps its clients achieve and sustain success, no matter where they are in the world. Constellis operates in approximately 40 countries with regional offices in Africa, the Americas, Europe and the Middle East. Constellis is headquartered just outside of Washington, D.C. in Reston, VA. RESPONSIBILITIES: Monitor FPS and contract guard radio traffic, receive emergency and non-emergency phone calls, and monitor security alarm systems in federal buildings for all US states and territories and coordinate the appropriate response to these events to include sending and receiving audible and easily distinguishable and understandable English language voice communications via radio and telephone systems; answering verbal inquiries; coordinating the activities of law enforcement and other public safety personnel; obtaining and relaying public safety information, and calling clients to update their records. Think and act quickly, calmly, and accurately in emergency situations and under stressful circumstances. Thoroughly document all calls in the daily operations log (DOL) software including the documentation of statistics on officer, guard, and local response, as well as any additional notifications made. Ensure officer safety by maintaining complete and accurate officer tracking logs with officer movements, activities, radio identifiers and vehicle mileage. Operate (recording, playing, logging, storing tapes, and changing tapes) multi-channel radio and telephone dispatch audio logging/recording equipment. Maintain the "pass- down log" of all incidents and calls received. Assign Case Control Numbers as needed and enter case data into a secondary online database. Access Federal, State, and local criminal databases including the NCIC, The Colorado Criminal Information Center (CCIC), Michigan Law Enforcement Information Network (LEIN) and the Washington Criminal Information Center (WACIC), and maintain compliance with all related regulations and procedures. Document all clearances in multiple locations for verification and audit purposes. Maintain other statistical logs such as Criminal History and Countermeasure logs. Assist with quality review of events created by fellow dispatchers, checking for completeness and accuracy. Monitor and make notifications for all alarms received based on customized notification lists unique to each account. Document all actions taken in the alarm monitoring software, as well as in the daily operation log. Operate primarily Microsoft Windows-based desktop computers and software, and preserve a working understanding of all equipment, identifying issues or malfunctions and notifying supervision if a problem is found. Monitor in-house closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras. Provide after-hours answering service for multiple government agencies as required or currently set up per MegaCenter. During the term of this contract additional post and pre alarm camera monitoring may be required. In the event of a partial or complete failover, perform all dispatching duties for the sister MegaCenter. Periodically perform duties as a floor trainer for incoming dispatcher trainees. Other duties as assigned by dispatch supervisors or management. Routinely test MegaCenter alarm and communication systems including, but not limited to, such tasks as hourly communication tests, Telephone Recording Devices-Plugged in checks, test radio frequencies, test head-sets for malfunctions and UL required receivers and printers. In the event a Computer Aided Dispatch System (CAD) is installed in the MegaCenters, contract personnel shall receive the necessary training to proficiently work with this system. QUALIFICATIONS: High School diploma or GED. Ability to work under stress and to respond to emergency communications. Minimum of 1 years' experience as a 911 dispatcher or similar function in an emergency call center. Excellent phone skills. Be able to handle filing and other administrative duties. Knowledge of a 24-hour emergency communication center including familiarity with public safety functions and concerns and of the public safety communication's environment, demands, requirements and related laws, regulations and systems. Computer Skills -- Utilizes a personal computer with word processing, spreadsheet and related software with reasonable speed and accuracy. WHY CONSTELLIS? With operations across every major continent and an annual revenue of $1.7 billion dollars, Constellis provides a wide array of opportunities for individuals looking to build successful careers in a fast-paced, growing industry. Legal, moral and ethical business practices remain at the cornerstone of our culture and Constellis continues to be recognized for our emphasis on quality and compliance. This strong track-record of performance is supported by our deep relationships across key government agencies and blue chip commercial customers. With more than 21,000 personnel worldwide, the majority of whom are military or law enforcement veterans, we leverage our employees' ambition and passion for creating a safer world. Our extensive operational expertise is augmented by our intimate knowledge of economies, communities and cultures. As a result, we share a willingness to support complex operations in some of the world's most demanding places. Equal Opportunity Employer Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Vet Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled