POSITION SUMMARY Aetna Consumer Health & Products’ mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for _Aetna’s digital transformation_ and all digital products; as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap. A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be apart of the team that will build this next generation platform. _Leveraging your expertise in Big Data, IoT, Native Cloud Engineering, Machine Learning or Current Architectural Patterns,_ you will join the product team that will deliver the platform that will disrupt the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. _Aetna Digital is a highly energic, highly collaborative team that operates as a startup within the Aetna Enterprise_. We want you to bring forward your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry. _Come Join Aetna Digital!_ The Role: Aetna Digital is looking for _Senior Data Engineers_ with _Java, Python, ETL, Scala and/or Spark_ experience to help us leverage data and IoT events from across the enterprise, the cloud and fog in order to transform it into products focused on helping people live healthier lives. Fundamental Components: In this role, you will use your experience with system integration, Big Data, Streaming and Cloud technologies to build our Health Cloud platform as a member of one of our scrum teams in Burlington, MA, Hartford, CT or Denver, CO. You will work on cutting-edge applications and products. Brainstorming with architects, product managers, data scientists and fellow engineers to build data products used improve the health outcomes of millions of people. The Details: Design, implement, and support data ingestion and consumption pipelines for enterprise-scale datasets, using Big Data tools, such as Hive, Pig, Spark, and Kafka Establish frameworks for quickly rolling out new data analysis for standalone data-driven products and micro-services Demonstrate a deep knowledge of, and ability to operationalize, leading data technologies and best practices Creating machine/deep learning infrastructure that operationalizes data science models for broad consumption Partner end-to-end with Product Managers and Data Scientists to understand customer requirements and design prototypes and bring ideas to production What we are looking for: We develop real products. You need to be an expert in design, coding and scripting We prioritize professional industry experience; advanced degrees alone do not replace real world experience We have massive scale. You need to have experience in distributed, scalable systems. Youve worked with modern data storage, messaging, and processing tools and demonstrated experience designing and coding in big-data components such as HBase or similar Were a growing, diverse team and we work together on delivering a Health Cloud platform. We love to collaborate and help each other, and we want someone to share that ideology We are and need other self-starters who can see the big picture and prioritize their work to make the largest impact on the business and customers vision and requirements You have excellent communication, leadership and collaboration skills BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: 4-8 years software development in enterprise/ web/ cloud applications We run a multi-cloud platform. We containerize applications. You should have some notion of how to build, test, and deploy code to run on cloud infrastructure Fluent with functional, imperative and object-oriented languages and methodologies Strong knowledge of programming languages/tools including: Java, Object-Oriented Languages, Python, Spark, SQL, R, Hive, JavaScript and Shell Scripts Must have experience with Unix/Linux systems with scripting experience Must have experience building data pipelines and fit for purpose data stores Must have experience in open source programming languages for large scale data Experience with Hadoop and data in various forms (data warehouses/relational SQL, NoSQL, unstructured data environments/PIG, HIVE, Impala) Experience with ETL and modeling EDUCATION Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 6% of your 401(k) contributions! Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO Gym / Showers A top of the line MacBook Pro Sit/stand desk Free Parking (Burlington, MA office) Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc. $200/yr towards wellness - gym membership, fitbit, treadmill Up-to 5K a year toward tuition reimbursement Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.