Overview Welcome to Allscripts! Our Mission is to be the most trusted provider of innovative solutions that empower all stakeholders across the healthcare continuum to deliver world-class outcomes. Our Vision is a Connected Community of Health that spans continents and borders. With the largest community of clients in healthcare, Allscripts is able to deliver an integrated platform of clinical, financial, connectivity and information solutions to facilitate enhanced collaboration and exchange of critical patient information. The primary purpose of this role is responsibility for creating the business and/or functional requirements necessary for technology solutions that meet customer needs, expected delivery dates, and exceptional quality standards. Responsibilities Meet with end user clinicians, clinical analysts, and OCIO Informatics staff to determine the requirements for new reports, custom code, and application enhancements for the Sunrise Clinical Manager and Sunrise Medication Manager applications. Work with clinical analysts, clinicians, and other end-users to understand workflows and document the business and functional requirements for all requested application enhancements and reports. Prepare written use cases and technical specifications for application changes, reports, MLM’s, SCM Objects Plus coding, and other custom coding projects. Assist with creating test plans and performing application and report testing to ensure reports and enhancements meet desired workflows. Assist other business analysts in documentation and testing efforts. Maintain inventory of all report, configuration, and custom code specifications, and keep them current. Provide on-site support during activations Follow all change control policies and adhere to all account level SLA’s Allscripts is dedicated to attracting and developing a highly diverse workforce/ EOE Directly interface with business users by responding to support calls escalated by the Service Desk. Participate in user focus groups and requirements workshops, vendor training and demonstrations. These are consistent accountabilities for all staff. Assist in supporting activations and rollouts. Consistent efforts to deliver quality solutions as per agreed scope. Customer focus and close alignment with the customers’ business objectives. Ensure efforts to continually improve domain knowledge. Ensure the quality of the deliverables as per the defined defects standards Document issues with resolutions and share with team members to improve team productivity. Provide data to generate team performance metrics. Knowledge transfer with other team members to improve overall team education level Take complete ownership for the assigned task and timely inform the progress of the project / task to all stakeholders. Adherence to the defined standards. Take initiative and drives to bring to logical conclusion; proactive approach. Provide accurate and timely information and escalates when there are issues. Actively participate in meetings and make valuable contribution. Qualifications Academic and Professional Qualifications: BA or BS degree preferred and/or other relevant combination of training and experience. Experience: 0-2 years Industry experience preferred 2-5 years practical experience in providing technical support and maintenance in assigned product preferred 2-5 years working as a Business Analyst Superior analytical and organizational skills Strong documentation skills with the ability to write documents with clarity and consistency Strong communication skills and ability to work with all levels of staff Ability to ask probing questions to determine the desired outcome for new report or application requests Ability to write functional and technical specifications in a clear and logical manner. Understanding of programming and database concepts is a plus Experience with report writing tools (MS SRS, Crystal, etc) is a plus Team player Microsoft Office experience Travel Requirements: May require local travel May require other travel for business needs Working Arrangements: May require after hours on call support Work is performed in a standard office environment with minimal exposure to health or safety hazards At Allscripts, our greatest strength comes from bringing together talented people with diverse perspectives to support the technology needs of 180,000 physicians, 1,500 hospitals and 10,000 post-acute organizations across the globe. Allscripts offers a competitive total rewards package, including holidays, vacation, and medical, disability and life insurance. Allscripts’ policy is to provide equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in all of its employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for North American based positions with Allscripts must be legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada. Verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire. From a "VEVRAA Federal Contractor" We request Priority Referral of Protected Veterans