Neustar, Inc. is a leading global information services provider driving the connected world forward with trusted, holistic identity resolution. More information is available at https://www.home.neustar . Job Requisition: R-1763 Network Engineer Mgr (Open) Primary Location: ROCHESTER Job Description: Network Engineer Job Duties: Establishes networking environment by designing system configuration; directing system installation; defining, documenting, and enforcing system standards. Maximizes network performance by monitoring performance; troubleshooting network problems and outages; scheduling upgrades; collaborating with network architects on network optimization. Secures network system by establishing and enforcing policies; defining and monitoring access. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Accomplishes information systems and organization mission by completing related results as needed. Reporting network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information; managing projects. Network Engineer Skills Tracking Budget Expenses, Project Management, Problem Solving, LAN Knowledge, Proxy Servers, Networking Knowledge, Network Design and Implementation, Network Troubleshooting, Network Hardware Configuration, Network Performance Tuning, People Management Network Engineer Technical Expertise Cisco hardware and IOS experience Arista hardware and EOS experience Strong routing background (BGP, EIGRP) F5 Load Balancers (LTM, GTM) Security concepts and design experience - Checkpoint Firewalls a strong plus Familiarity with AWS VPC deployments VPN deployments and B2B configurations, DMVPN, Core competencies - VXLAN, MLAG, GRE, DNS, DHCP, HSRP, iSCSI Linux OS and scripting experience _Neustar does not accept unsolicited resumes from external firms or agencies. Neustar will not be responsible for placement fees associated with unsolicited resumes._ DIVERSITY Diversity, inclusion and teamwork are second nature to Neustar; and these values permeate our entire business structure. Neustar is committed to creating an environment where a wide spectrum of opinions and beliefs are actively sought, listened to and respected. Further, our talented workforce draws from the many geographic areas and markets in which Neustar operates worldwide, which represents a distinct competitive advantage. The rich and varied personal and professional backgrounds of our employees make Neustar a dynamic and rewarding company at which to build a career. We invite you to join us. EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disability Neustar, Inc. considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran in accordance with federal law and other state and local requirements. Neustar, Inc., complies with applicable state and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment and provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) and applicable state and local laws.