POSITION OVERVIEW: The Sr. System Administrator will be responsible for providing technical and operational support for the Corporate Windows Server Infrastructure, VMWare environment, Cloud Environments and Local Area Network. ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES Perform activities such as daily server backups, anti-virus protection, performance tuning, security additions/changes/removals, security policy management, and data access controls, configuration/patch management, risk management, change control administration, and database administration. Administer hybrid email system including email security and archiving. Develop procedures and coordinate administration of Office 365 Enterprise environment. Assist help desk and desktop technicians and provide training and documentation of policies and processes pertaining to system administration. Coordination and execution of hardware and software implementation. Manage Data Center services through third-party. Utilize ITIL Support Desk software to initiate and track incidents, problems, and changes. Coordinate infrastructure-based projects; Recommend and provide options to management for the purposes of controlling costs and improving service. Provide regular reports to the Directory of Global Technology and the CIO. Other duties only as assigned. POSITION OVERVIEW: [TYPE AN OVERVIEW OF THE POSITION] The Sr. System Administrator will be responsible for providing technical and operational support for the Corporate Windows Server Infrastructure, VMWare environment, Cloud Environments and Local Area Network. ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES Perform activities such as daily server backups, anti-virus protection, performance tuning, security additions/changes/removals, security policy management, and data access controls, configuration/patch management, risk management, change control administration, and database administration. Administer hybrid email system including email security and archiving. Develop procedures and coordinate administration of Office 365 Enterprise environment. Assist help desk and desktop technicians and provide training and documentation of policies and processes pertaining to system administration. Coordination and execution of hardware and software implementation. Manage Data Center services through third-party. Utilize ITIL Support Desk software to initiate and track incidents, problems, and changes. Coordinate infrastructure-based projects; Recommend and provide options to management for the purposes of controlling costs and improving service. Provide regular reports to the Directory of Global Technology and the CIO. Other duties only as assigned. REQUIREMENTS 5+ years experience in information technology support. 3-5 years experience in VMWare and Windows Server system administration. 1-2 years experience with Office 365 Enterprise administration. SKILLS • Experience leading independent projects preferred. Strong customer service and communications skills. Ability to prioritize and accomplish tasks with minimal supervision. 4 year college degree preferred EDUCATION 4 year college degree preferred.