Michigan First Credit Union was founded more than 90 years ago by educators and now delivers world-class service to more than 140,000+ members at our branches throughout Michigan, and we’re growing! We offer financial solutions for every life stage and seek to positively transform our members’ lives through personalized service that meets their unique needs. Simply put, Michigan First Credit Union’s sole mission is to provide the highest quality member experience. Working here, you’ll get to participate in a strong culture centered around service, professionalism, and growth. The perks are pretty cool, too – we’re consistently named as a 101 Best & Brightest Place to Work (nationally!) as well as several other local workplace awards, mainly because of our competitive pay, excellent benefits package, and supportive policies. Michigan First highlights: 400+ team members 26 branches by 2019 spanning the Lansing area, Grand Rapids and Metro Detroit. Industry leader in community support and charitable giving through the Michigan First Foundation Member Services Call Center operates 24/7/365 Current assets of more than $850 million Awards Michigan First Credit Union has been the proud recipient of: 2017 Best Credit Unions to Work For 2017 Detroit Free Press Top Workplaces 2017 101 Best & Brightest 2017 Crain’s Coolest Places to Work Benefits: Perks of joining our award-winning team include: Competitive pay A low-cost medical, dental, and vision benefit options. Employer-paid life and disability insurance 401(k) - 100% match up to 5% deferral Tuition reimbursement for both Undergraduate and Master’s programs Access to a complimentary concierge service that assists with nearly any item on your to-do list Free, state-of-the-art fitness center at our Evergreen headquarters with exercise equipment, showers and locker rooms Wellness initiatives and events throughout the year to help employees stay healthy Loan discounts for certain secured and unsecured loans and mortgages Opportunities for increases, incentives and profit-sharing, based on performance We are currently seeking a Systems Engineer to join us. The person in this position will report to the Chief Information Officer. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Architect, plan, install, configure, troubleshoot and maintain servers (physical and virtual) and software on the local area (LAN) and storage area networks (SAN). Expert knowledge of storage area networks and their implementation in a virtualized environment. Architect, deploy, and maintain a viable virtualization host platform that can serve the vast majority (90% or higher) of servers used by Michigan First. Ensure that Disaster Recovery options part of the architecture. Ensure adequate performance of systems serving applications to end users and make recommendations for optimization when necessary. Update and maintain team, project, and run documentation (e.g., implementation/configuration checklists, diagrams, disaster recovery plans), storage areas, and supplies. Follow established incident, problem, and Change Management procedures ensuring that System Administrators are aware of system deployments of changes that would impact backups or monitoring. Must be willing to provide 24x7 2nd level on call support as necessary. Must successfully complete all assigned projects in a timely manner, keeping IT leadership informed of status and roadblocks. Work with IT leadership and fellow team members to identify opportunities for task automation, process improvement and cost savings. Becomes/is an advocate of The Michigan First Way, supporting all facets of it, including complete fulfillment of Our Promise, 5 STARS Service, SOLVE IT and our ISMs. Fosters a positive demeanor and image through professional representation in all contacts with both, team members and members. Consistently reflects and displays each of our “ISMs” in daily job performance, as well as in all business interactions while executing on our goals and initiatives. Learns and utilizes EMEC (Every Member’s Experience Counts) in day-to-day responsibilities when communicating with members only. Performs other projects and responsibilities as assigned. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or technical certificate plus eight or more years of related experience and/or training. Expert knowledge of virtualization of servers and desktop systems. Certification as an MCTS, or MCSE/MCITP. Expert knowledge of Active Directory, Group Policy, TCP/IP and DNS. Expert understanding of desktop, laptop/mobile and server technologies and how they interact. ITIL Foundation knowledge and training a plus. Expert knowledge and experience with Windows 7/Windows 8 & Server 2008/2012 installation and support. Expert Microsoft Exchange support and administration experience for a currently supported version of Exchange. Experience with Microsoft Lync and SharePoint a plus. Expert knowledge of server virtualization technologies. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills and professional demeanor; ability to interact at all levels within our organization, in a team based environment and with the general public. Effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to team members and leaders of the organization. Ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently as well as the ability to prioritize various tasks and deadlines. Must be able to apply problem solving recommendations that produce satisfactory results, focus on effectiveness, be organized, flexible, and self–directed and have a sense of urgency. Required Skills Required Experience