Overview As a key role on the Marketing team, the Marketing Insights Manager will act as the primary data interpreter, analyzing and reporting on marketing programs and campaigns to measure ROI and improve our customer acquisition and retention strategies. The Marketing Insights Manager may also participate in research projects, to help inform and shape marketing campaigns. This role requires strong analytical skills, hands-on experience with metrics-driven marketing, and a passion for ingesting large and diverse data sets to analyze and produce insightful dashboards and reports that simplify marketing decision-making. The Marketing Insights Manager will work closely with cross- functional teams and improve techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by marketing to achieve our goals. The key scope of this position is to help address the complex challenges of design, marketing effectiveness, contact strategy, ROI, consumer behavior and channel effectiveness. Essential Functions: Develop role as subject matter expert in performance of digital marketing programs, having a strong pulse on changes to the digital landscape, industry as a whole and new ways to strengthen analytics practices. Be the data and optimization evangelist, providing ongoing feedback and expert guidance on program performance in order to continuously tune and adjust programs to drive greater effectiveness and efficiency. Analysis includes but not limited to: cost per lead, cost of acquisition, customer segmentation, pipeline growth, ROI. Assess, audit and implement all program tags and tracking to ensure and extend the accuracy, completeness, and usefulness of web analytics data. Analyze and report all key performance indicators for key initiatives related to job responsibilities including all paid media campaigns and uses information to make recommendations to support and influence the key business goals and objectives. Be the first point of contact for reporting and data questions for marketing team for overall marketing programs. Familiar with key metrics to track for Data Driven Marketing such as impressions, conversion rates, click thru rates, etc Proactively provide recommendations based on research and analysis on areas to improve website performance to increase visibility and drive additional revenue. Partners with the other members of the Marketing Team to improve the overall online experience through a comprehensive approach to SEM, SEO, Email and Social execution. Continuously champion new technology to enhance digital measurement, including new tools, vendors and partnerships that are conducive to enhanced understanding of performance drivers. Support the audience strategy and be responsible for identifying analytical opportunities to drive insight generation. Inform our customer segmentation, targeting and personalization strategizes by ensuring unique, relevant experiences for users by analyzing and optimizing audience targets. Maintain and develop best-in-class testing methodologies to drive actionable insights from testing. Manage and improve governance around tagging needed to execute and track digital campaigns accurately, including but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager. Have an in-depth knowledge of Marketing processes and strategies. Work with cross functional users to understand data needs and map needs to reporting / BI capabilities. Have an advanced knowledge of reading and writing SQL queries. Be able to monitor digital campaign results and Build Reports, dashboards, and ad-hoc data files to support a broad range of business needs that will tell the story of the results using Google Analytics, Power BI, Adwords, and other reporting tools native to marketing. Validate that deliverables meet business need and requirements and that data is accurate and precise. Adapt quickly to changing priorities and manage ambiguity. Manage multiple tasks/projects and deadlines simultaneously to meet internal and client data needs Qualifications: Bachelor's degree (B.A.) from a four-year college or university required. Minimum 3-5 years in a dynamic business environment conducting analysis, requirements definition, and reporting support Direct experience either analyzing or managing digital performance marketing channels such as Search Marketing, Display and Social media Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel including formulas, pivot tables, formatting, variables, etc. along with Power BI or other data visualization tools Strong experience with web analytics tools required (Google Analytics) Competent in SQL queries. Working knowledge of database architecture and data schemas. Familiarity with marketing automation and CRM systems, preferably Salesforce and Marketing Cloud Experience with Data Management Platforms (DMPs) a plus but not required Ability to succinctly present and communicate complex findings in front of small and large audiences Analytical, proactive and intellectually curious Must have a true aptitude and passion for understanding and translating complex data in a way that is simple and easily comprehensible, especially for non-technical audiences. Proven experience with creating dashboards and reports for multi-channel marketing campaign analytics, preferably with understanding of multi-touch attribution models. Extremely high attention to detail Understanding of marketing concepts and business practices; the ideal candidate should be able to demonstrate understanding of lifecycle marketing – from acquisition through retention/building loyalty. Closing Statement: This brief summary is not an all-inclusive description of job duties. Other job duties and responsibilities may also be assigned by the incumbent’s supervisor at any time based upon Company need. Progress Residential® is a proud Equal Opportunity employer, m/f/d/v. IND3 Qualifications