JOB SUMMARY Performs Journeyman level skilled work and repairs on commercial heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration equipment, and DDC controls. Highly skilled with test equipment, expert trouble-shooter and consultant on HVAC equipment. Assist the Chief Engineer with training personnel in the repair and maintenance of equipment, MAJOR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Performs preventative maintenance on a variety of equipment according to established procedures, inspects, calibrates, adjusts, lubricates, and repairs or replaces components. Services or repairs on complex equipment. Maintenance records of maintenance and repairs. 2. Journeyman level skills. Installs, diagnoses, inspects, repairs, maintains and services a wide variety of commercial heating, ventilation and air conditioning equipment and systems. Adds refrigerants and oils, and tests for defective parts, repairs/maintains plumbing systems, repairs/maintains fire alarm systems. 3. Assist the Chief Engineer with training personnel in the operation and repair of the equipment. 4. Responds to calls as needed for emergency repairs. 5. Journeyman skills. Adjusts and installs switches, gauges, thermostats, valves, transformers, pressure regulators, and other parts as needed. 6. Establishes and maintains courteous, cooperative relations when interacting with other personnel, tribal and the public. 7. Because of the Tribe’s commitment to community service and the well being of its members, each employee may be expected to perform a wide range of office and field duties from time to time. Such duties may or may not be related to their regular responsibilities. EDUCATION - EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING FOR POSITION Required: EPA 608 Refrigerants Certification Trade School or Military Training with concentration in HVAC certificate. Desirable: Grade III Boiler Licensure. Special Training: Building DDC Control System Operations, Fire Alarm Systems. Journeyman Level HVAC. Two (2) years. HVAC, Electrical, and Plumbing Maintenance: Five (5) years. Required: High School Diploma or GED. SPECIFIC SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES REQUIRED FOR POSITION • Equipment that is regularly used. Electric Meter, Building HVAC DDC Control System, HVAC Test equipment, Refrigeration Manifold Gauges, Infrared Thermometer HVAC Bolometer. • Problem solving: (a) Diagnoses, system malfunctions on commercial mechanical, electrical and plumbing systems. (b) Services or repairs the more complex equipment, for example commercial HVAC. • Acts as training instructor. • Assists customers with problems, complaints, and services concerns. • Cleans equipment using appropriate material. • Communicate orally with customers, tribal members, or the public using a telephone, face to face and one-to-one setting. • Composes routine correspondence (i.e., letters). • Comprehends and make inferences from written materials. • Conducts general building inspections and conducts inspections of equipment and/or facilities. • Develops, maintains or monitors relevant statistics. • Enters data or information into a terminal, PC or other keyboard device. • Installs, replaces, or adjusts filters, light bulbs, ribbons, belts, or similar objects. • Measure distances using a tape measure and using calibrated instruments. • Observes, compares, or monitors data or objects to determine compliance with prescribed operating or safety standards. • Operates a motor vehicle requiring a standard driver’s license. • Operates power driven machinery or equipment similar in size to a jackhammer or tamper. • Oversees delivery and/or installation of items. • Performs equipment tests and checks. • Performs mechanical repair of vehicles and equipment. • Performs physical inventories. • Reads water meters • Uses graphic instructions, such as blueprints, schematic drawing, layouts, or other visual aids. • Uses hand tools. • Operates a two radio system. • Read and work from blueprints and schematic designs. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Continuously; stand, walk, grasp, hear, see with near acuity (20 inches or less), electric shock – exposure to possible bodily injury from electrical shock and moving mechanical parts. Frequently; lift, carry, bends, crouch, kneel, reach below the waist, reach at waist and reach above shoulder, twist, talk, and toxic, caustic chemicals. Occasionally; sit, climb, balance, crawl, push/pull, foot controls, drive, see – far acuity (vision at 20 feet or more), extreme hot- exposure to non-weather related hot temperatures, wet and/or humid – contact with water or other liquids or exposure to non-weather related humid conditions, exposure to weather- outside atmospheric conditions. Rarely; extreme cold-exposure to non-weather related cold temperatures, atmospheric conditions – exposure to fumes, noxious odors, dusts, mists, gases, and poor ventilations, excessive noise, and vibration. Never; radiation and working with explosives. Licenses or Certifications Required Required: Current and valid Washington state driver’s license. EPA 608 Certification, Trade School or Military training with Concentration in HVAC Certificate. Grade III Boiler Licensure.