Overview GUARDIAN INDUSTRIES is seeking a Technology Director for its New Opportunities Group. This group is tasked transforming Guardian via product, service, and business model innovations that are beyond our traditional areas of business. Guardian’s senior leadership strongly believes our capabilities, global footprint, and value chain relationships position Guardian to capture opportunities emerging due resource scarcity, demands for greater energy efficiency, smart cities, the internet-of-things, and big-data enabled hyper-customization. Responsibilities The successful candidate will lead a technology-oriented team within the New Opportunities group . The group will advance our vision by framing key technical issues and options, technology scouting & due diligence, and launching new product offerings. This is not a typical “must invent it here” R&D; position nor is the focus glass manufacturing. It will include a mix of technologies spanning from materials to the integration of Internet of Things and connected technologies. Solutions will be developed via a combination of internal development efforts _and_ leveraging “outside-in-innovation” approaches. Reporting directly to the Senior Director of New Opportunities, this a mission-critical position in Guardian’s continued effort to explore new opportunities. This position directly impacts Guardian’s growth and innovation strategy by: Building an understanding of the key drivers of an opportunity and the role of technology in realizing its potential. Establishing a point-of-view (POV) of the technical challenges, identifying known approaches and the relative merits and issues of each. Clearly identifying potential ‘fatal flaws’ and underlying problems to solve and developing solutions. Establishing a competitive advantaged innovation within the New Opportunities that allows to innovate faster than our competitors. coaching and developing the New Opportunities technical team expanding that team and leveraging third parties as needed, establishing a rapid learning capability - in technology POV development, designing and conducting hypothesis driven experiments, and introducing new processes (e.g., Agile) to accelerate our learning. SUCCESSFUL SKILLS/TALENTS: Entrepreneurial/Start-Up Experience : A business savvy technological innovator. Has led or was a core member of a technologically oriented team in start-up or an entrepreneurial corporate initiative. Experimentation, design of experiments, hypothesis driven : Experience in framing technical issues, developing and testing hypotheses and conducting technology due diligence. Multi-faceted technology development experience: Led technology acquisition or development which leveraged 3rd parties (e.g., contract research, in-licensing, joint-development projects, joint-ventures). Experience with “Outside-in-innovation”: Experience expanding an organization’s innovation tool kit. Leveraging external partners such as customers, universities, research institutes, suppliers or start-ups. Has familiarity with common approaches, vendor relationships, contract research organizations, how to identify technology experts, etc. Team building & capability development: Present a clear vision and strategy to employees. Recruit, develop, and build an extraordinary team of curious, open-minded technology entrepreneurs. Demand excellence. Set pace. Build leaders. Intellectual Property : Understands the role of IP; experience with IP portfolio management, protection strategies (e.g., patent vs trade secret) and navigating & respecting the IP of others. What do we have to offer? Creating value for customers and society, and constantly innovating to improve that value, takes a whole lot of energy. Fortunately, we have an international team built on teamwork, diversity and collaboration, one that is built on principles that will open your mind to a new way of thinking. If you are motivated to contribute and energized by new possibilities, chances are you will build a successful career at Guardian EMBRACING ENTREPRENEURSHIP: We define career development as developing an employee’s individual capability so that he or she can contribute more in the future and find fulfillment in work. We allow each employee to pursue career goals that are important to his or her vision while at the same time enabling the employee to create more value for the company over time. WHY CHOOSE A CAREER AT GUARDIAN? People are Guardian’s most valuable asset. That’s why Guardian provides its employees with the right tools and resources to succeed in a culture based on integrity, compliance and value creation. Here, there is no single path to success. But all those who work hard and take initiative will find opportunities to challenges themselves and expand their roles and responsibilities. LI-JG1