As a Software Trainer at Ambassador you will be the technical point of contact for our clients. Much like an Account Manager, your job will be heavily based on providing our customers with Ambassador level customer service. More importantly, our Software Trainers act as a first point of contact to our clients explaining the functionality of our software and all the integrations we offer. In the 1st Month you will… Take a deep dive into our software, learning all the many intricacies of our product. Get your first taste of customer service by answering client questions related to our software via email, telephone or through our ticket system. Through a series of mock calls with your fellow Diplomats you will hone your skills by conducting client communications. Sharpen your skills in Month 2 by... Continuing to answer client questions via email, telephone or through our ticket system perfecting your skills as a Success Diplomat. Learn our product further and the special technicalities that come with onboarding a client. Champion existing accounts through reviews, campaign optimization, minimizing churn, and fostering an exceptional client experience. Execute in Month 3 by... Taking ownership and accountability for new client accounts. Successfully onboard clients and guide them on how to use Ambassador’s software in order to reach their campaign goals. Consistently meet assigned or planned campaign based milestones. Maintain expert level knowledge on the Ambassador platform, key client needs, and industry trends. Desired Skills & Experience Bachelors Degree Minimum of 3 years experience in customer success, pre-sales or software consulting/implementation Strong understanding of programming Work experience for a software/technology solution provider Experience owning client relationships and becoming a trusted advisor General experience using business web applications (Salesforce.com, join.me, desk.com, etc) Excellent written and oral communication skills Extreme attention to detail, organized, and process focused Excited to work in a startup environment Patient, Positive, and Motivating