ColdFusion Developer, NYC Who We Are: 68 out of every 100 employees don't like their jobs. That is a crazy number, right? But there is hope. Retensa makes a difference at improving employee's lives at work. Today, we do that in over 50 countries and 12 languages, but we think it could be even more. And you could be a part of that. There is a .01% chance that we will change the world (which may not seem like much, but what are the chances at your current job?). Along the way, if you work at Retensa, it is really important to us that you like your job. So here is what we are looking for, and if you don't like it, that's okay. But if you do, contact us to talk about how we can succeed together. What You Will Do: We need to optimize and scale our existing online business application. Our software has live clients in the cloud for years. We are looking for a ColdFusion developer with experience scaling and automating client instances. We need to you to take a manual implementation process and fully automate setups, deployments, feature changes, and upgrades. Candidates should have a passion for web development with a vision of creating amazingly automated software. We are looking for a full time Developer. We have plenty to do. This could be an opportunity to be an influential developer on an innovative and expanding cloud-based software team. We are producing advanced data mining concepts and our ColdFusion developers bring that to reality. What We Believe: As a key member of our Technology team, you will be at the forefront of Talent Management and Cloud-based technology. If you choose Retensa, you will be at the intersection of technology, predictive analytics, and organizational change. Your effort can help up to 1 billion employees in 1 million companies worldwide have a meaningful and fulfilling workplace. What You Need: Bachelor's Degree and 3+ years online application development in ColdFusion. At least three (3) prior ColdFusion SaaS application designs/deployments. Excellent Verbal Communication, Web User Interface Design, and Web Programming Skills. Strong knowledge of Software Architecture, Database integration, Object-Oriented Design (OOD), and Software Debugging. Agile Software Development experience a plus. Software/Languages: REQUIRED: ColdFusion 11/2016, jquery/JavaScript, SaaS experience, knowledge on API driven architecture RECOMMENDED: Java, Email Servers, E-Commerce/Merchant Services, Amazon Web Services (AWS) This is real. We are looking for a long-term contributor. As a result, you can be assured that anyone else on our team has been vetted to be a smart, hard- working, high performer. If you like the sound of that, please apply. USA located candidates only please. Due to the high volume of applicants, we may only be able to contact qualified candidates. Retensa is an Equal Opportunity Employer