This role is within the Corporate Technology which is focused on building Data Platforms. The Corporate Technology (CT) organization develops applications and provides technology support for corporate functions across JPMorgan Chase, including Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and all functions within the Corporate Administrative Office (CAO). CT teams are aligned with corporate partners’ evolving technology needs and the firm’s ever expanding technology controls agenda. A top CT priority is building scalable corporate systems. Teams focus on: Advancing firms road map programs for supporting Single sourcing of data, Architecture convergence and focus on Analytics. Adopting industry leading technologies to support best-in-class business capabilities for high performance computing and data storage solutions Driving innovation across the firm’s corporate technology portfolio, increasing efficiencies through process automation, and Agile application development, with an emphasis on user experience and shorter development cycles Investing in security & controls for cyber, access/entitlements uplift, data protection and application resiliency The team is responsible for providing the data backbone to the CT organization storing all information and calculating aggregations and supporting reporting. The team leverages Java Open Source and Big Data technologies to provide data management tools, calculators and reporting engines. The team is looking for proactive and hands-on technologists who can solve critical business problems with innovative technology solutions and have responsibility to implement multiple core components of this architecture. JPMC is launching a multi-year initiative to invest in the industrialization of this process and seeking highly qualified candidates to drive this change. Responsibilities of the role include: Partner in driving a multi-year strategic initiative that delivers technical solutions which creates a data lake that would consume, model and store data. Additionally technical solutions will be required for managing the data (data management tools) and processing the data (transforms, validations, aggregations) and reporting/accessing the data. Follow SDLC best practices such continuous integration, automated unit test and regression testing, etc and focus on end to end quality of the delivery. Work collaboratively in a team with fellow developers, sharing ideas to solve complex and challenging business problems. Be able to communicate effectively and work closely together with business clients, other technology teams, support partners and stakeholders to deliver and support business aligned solutions. Basic Technical Qualifications: 3+ years’ experience in building out enterprise level applications Must have strong hands-on development experience on the following: Scala Spark Hadoop HBase Java 8 Strong understanding of internals of Spark and Hadoop e.g. DataFrame, DAG, data partition and distribution, named node limitations and tuning Strong understanding of MapReduce concepts Familiarity with Impala a plus Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related engineering field) Soft Skills: Strong work ethic and dedication An aptitude and interest in technology Highly motivated and interested in following up on technical issues and understanding the functional and technical impact of any change Willingness to take initiative and work independently