? Perform daily system administration tasks and troubleshooting which included: resolved system performance issues, installed and configured RedHat® Enterprise Linux 6, handled day-to-day system and network related technical problems, managed user accounts, maintained systems to be up-to-date to meet DoD security requirements, and collaborated with team members to ad-dress critical site issues. ? Create Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for NetBackup Administration tasks. ? NetBackup Administration which includes: troubleshot errors, added/removed servers, per-formed manual backups, modified/created policies, generated backup reports, updated the client software, recreated the VMWare credential validation, generated NetBackup Capacity reports for license renewal purposes, and maintained a spreadsheet for historical purposes. ? Assist in the creation of multiple Linux servers and workstations for local and detachment sites: DNS servers, DHCP servers, ACAS systems, jump boxes, NetIQ Sentinel servers, personal Linux workstations. ? Extensively test, refine, and update a large bash script used to verify and correct Standard Technical Implementation Guidelines (STIG) findings to verify compliance for RedHat® Enterprise Linux 6. Fixe logical errors, syntax errors in sed expressions, and misinterpretation by the program of the results of commands. ? Submit Configuration Change Requests (CCR) to decommission servers, as needed. ? Verify that multiple critical security updates are pushed out and applied (e.g. ?Shellshock?, ?HeartBleed?) ? Create bash scripts to help perform everyday tasks more efficiently. ? Create a draft Plan of Actions and Milestones (POAM). Requested ACAS scans on all the Linuxservers. Worked with a Senior Linux Administrator to eliminate vulnerabilities. ? Utilize a RedHat® Satellite server to run the Open Scap audit tool on the Linux servers. US CITIZENSHIP, DoD SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED EHS Technologies Corporation is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer