Your consulting projects will include integrating data in a virtual manner for operational and/or informational purposes - Integration of 100+ data sources for a Customer Service Multichannel IT Infrastructure; implementation of Logical Data Warehouses and Virtual Datamarts to enable modern Business Intelligence solutions, Integration Layers for Hadoop-based Data Lakes, and support for Agile Operational Reporting on a diverse Big Data infrastructure are just a few flavours of your future projects. Be part of an elite team in a rapidly growing international software product company. Your career with us will combine cutting edge technology, exposure to worldwide clients across all industries (Financial Services, Automotive, Insurance, Pharma, etc.), exciting growth path for technical, product and customer-facing roles, direct mentorship, and access to senior management as part of a global team. Your mission is to help our clients and prospects in the region to realize their full potential through accelerated adoption and productive use of Denodo's data virtualization capability in many solutions. Duties & Responsibilities As a Data Engineer Virtualization (f/m) you will successfully employ a combination of high technical expertise, client communication and coordination skills between clients and internal Denodo teams to achieve your mission. Conception, implementation, and execution of customer-specific integration projects based on the Denodo Platform. Education, coaching and support during the introduction as well as ongoing projects of the Denodo Platform to achieve high level of client satisfaction. Diagnose and resolve clients inquiries related to operating Denodo software products in their environment. Participate in problem escalation and call prevention projects to help clients and other technical specialists increase their efficiency when using Denodo products. Contribute to knowledge management activities and promote best practices for project execution. Implement product demos and pilots to showcase Data Virtualization in enterprise scenarios, cloud deployments and Big Data projects. Provide timely, prioritized and complete customer-based feedback to Product Management, Sales, Support and/or Development regarding client’s business cases, requirements and issues. Location Chicago, IL Function Engineering Qualifications Desired Skills & Experience Experience Range: 2-5 years (Fresh Graduates must be top-ranked and exceptionally qualified) Bachelor or higher Degree in information systems or computer science Understanding of Data Integration flavors Solid understanding of SQL and good grasp of relational and analytical database management theory and practice. Good knowledge of software development and architectural patterns. Technical skills include Java development, JDBC, XML, Web Service related APIs, experience with version control systems (e.g. SVN, git). Basic experience in Big Data, NoSQL, and InMemory environments is welcome. Experience in Windows & Linux (and UNIX) operating systems in server environments. Personal and Relationship qualities: Professional curiosity and the ability to enable yourself in new technologies and tasks. Active listener. Curiosity and continuous learning. Creativity. Team worker. Communications: Good written/verbal communication skills in English (other international languages a plus) are essential for interaction with clients, making presentations, attending meetings and writing technical documentation. Willingness to travel. Employment Practices We are committed to equal employment opportunity. We respect, value and welcome diversity in our workforce.