What you’ll be doing... In this highly visible technical lead position, you will be responsible for providing Data Engineering leadership and support for the Enterprise Data Science portfolio. You'll be focused on expanding the model building, deployment, innovation and research capabilities across the teams. You'll work closely with a team of very talented data scientists and data engineers in driving the requirements, development, design and implementation of advanced platforms, tools, and systems in support of data science and machine learning initiatives to ensure proper alignment with enterprise initiatives and Verizon’s strategic objectives. To be successful in this position, you must… Possess a firm understanding of data management infrastructure and IT system hardware; Maintain knowledge in Data Science, Big Data and new technologies required to consistently deliver a competitive advantage to Verizon; Be Hands-on and appropriately transition, structure, clean, scrub, store and transform data to make it consumable and usable by data scientists; Automate data extraction and processing of data for modeling purposes where applicable; Recommend and implement process improvements; Identify areas for improvement, incorporating best-in-class and cutting-edge techniques, and designing new approaches and methodologies; and Assist with proof-of-concept implementations to test and assess off-the-shelf and home-grown technologies. Responsibilities: Evaluate and manage incoming requests for data science and analytics projects. Collaborate with the business to understand requirements and communicate back results; Drive Big Data Architecture and development / Advanced Tech Development. Research, design and implement new technologies for delivering leading edge solutions; Perform Data Science Support. Partner with the Data Science Community to develop tools, methodologies used to interpret large volumes of transactional or other forms of data used for mining and analytics to increase profitability, reduce churn and support new goods and services. Partner with the EDW team to plan and implement data science solutions; Keep abreast of data science and machine learning tools and methodology and technology, industry trends and competitive landscape to identify new tools, training, and development opportunities. Prepare and communicate executive level presentations focusing on Data Science, roadmaps, business value, project status and project benefits; The position will accelerates delivery team data science innovation efforts via technical guidance, solution design and hands on participation in experiments; Review data science requests for development; Work and collaborate with various teams to meet the challenge of the full integration of advanced data science and big data with established (or new) structured and clean data sources for improved business insights and actions; Exercise considerable judgement in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria in identifying advanced data science solutions, and collaborate with the business to gain competitive advantage in the marketplace; Implementation and support of data science data management and tools that enable advanced data science; and Enable and support the Data Science community in their efforts to create models and analytics that promote the initiatives of the business stakeholder community to expand and grow business opportunities and revenue. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: Master’s Degree in quantitative discipline. Experience in data modeling, programming, data mining, large scale data acquisition, transformation and cleaning of structured and unsecured data. Subject matter expertise/knowledge in data integration, data quality, and database architecture and data governance. Demonstrated proficiency in most of the following technical areas: SQL, Java, Hive, Python, Linux KSH. Deep understanding of Hadoop Eco System and Data Science Life Cycle. Experience in Open systems and Cloud based applications with AWS. Strong understanding of database concepts (Oracle, MS SQL, generic SQL). Strong understanding of data warehouse and data lake technology (Teradata, Aster, Hadoop). Some business knowledge in Marketing, Finance, and Customer Service. High level of curiosity and investigative mind-set with an attention to detail. Flexibility to adapt to new challenges to overcome short-term hurdles by staying focused on the team’s deliverables. Capacity for quickly learning and using widely available tools and methodologies. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.