The City Manager’s Office provides strategic leadership that supports the Mayor and City Council and motivates the organization to deliver high quality services that meet the community's needs. The City Manager’s Office of Administration, Policy, and Intergovernmental Relations, under the direction of the Chief of Staff, coordinates internal budgets and hiring, citywide public policy, and legislative affairs. The new City Manager’s Office of Administration, Policy, and Intergovernmental Relations (API) provides the City’s Leaders, Administrators, Directors, and staff with support, coordination, research and strategic analysis of the City’s critical needs, programs, policies, and services. Positions & Duties The Policy Executive Analyst reports to an Assistant to the City Manager (Policy lead) in the Office of Administration, Policy, and Intergovernmental Relations (API) in the City Manager’s Office and works in collaboration with and under the direction of the Policy Senior Executive Analyst (SEA). The Executive Analyst will serve on the API policy team, working with interdepartmental teams and helping with research, writing, community outreach and engagement, related to the team’s policy analysis and research projects. Additionally, the Executive Analyst will assist with preparing reports and presentations for Council or policy committees, analyzing legislative bills, and researching policy alternatives. Occasional evening and weekend work will be required. The position requires exceptional written and oral communication and interpersonal skills, strong strategic thinking ability, a commitment to customer service, and the ability to simultaneously work on multiple projects and issues. This position requires someone who can work independently and complete work that is accurate, complete, and timely. The ideal candidate will have experience in policy analysis, community, and government relations and will understand administrative functions in the public sector. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have experience using quantitative and qualitative research methods (including statistics), analyzing materials, using evidence-based decision-making, and will possess excellent writing skills to communicate the meaning of their analyses. Central abilities key to this position include excellent communication and interpersonal skills, strategic thinking, a commitment to customer service, impeccable writing and editing skills, and the ability to simultaneously work on multiple projects and issues. The position requires collaboration with various city departments and individuals, interest groups, organizations, and stakeholders. This is a on-going position with the City Manager’s Office. This recruitment may be used to fill multiple positions in this, or other divisions. If you are interested in employment in this classification, you should apply to ensure you are considered for additional opportunities that may utilize the applicants from this recruitment. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Education: Executive Analyst I/II - Bachelor Degree from an accredited college or university in business or public administration or other closely related field (e.g., political science, economics, social science, or liberal arts major that includes significant writing, editing, research, and analysis). Experience: Executive Analyst I - none. Executive Analyst II - two (2) years of increasingly responsible professional staff analytic or administrative experience at the level of Analyst I with the City of San Jose. Employment Eligibility: Federal law requires all employees to provide verification of their eligibility to work in this country. Please be informed that the City of San Jose will NOT sponsor, represent, or sign any documents related to visa applications/transfers for H1B or any other type of visa which requires an employer application. Desired Skills & Core Competencies: The ideal candidate will possess the following competencies, as demonstrated from past and current employment history. Knowledge of City's organizational structure and functions and the principles, practices and challenges of the City organization, administration, and management. Knowledge of and experience with applicable professional/technical principles and practices, Citywide and departmental procedures/policies and federal and state rules and regulations. Communication Skills : communicates and listens effectively and responds in a timely, effective, positive and respectful manner; written reports and correspondence are accurate, complete, current; well organized, legible, concise, neat, and in proper grammatical form. Ability to effectively communicate with a broad set of stakeholders including team members, internal and external executive stakeholders, and the residents of San Jose. Research and Analysis : Under direction, able to research best practices and legislative history, develop policy alternatives, weigh pros and cons (including budget impacts). Community Engagement and Outreach: Under direction, able to develop and execute plans to engage with and listen to differing perspectives, able to work with empathy and respect across the diverse organization and San José community. Initiative: exhibits resourceful behaviors toward meeting job objectives; anticipates problems, is proactive, and avoids difficulties by planning ahead; displays willingness to assume extra responsibility and challenges; pursues continuing educational opportunities that promote job performance. Analytical Thinking : approaches a situation or problem by defining the issue; identifies a set of features, parameters, or considerations to take into account; collects and analyzes data; and uses logic and intuition to arrive at conclusions and recommendations. Strategic Thinking: formulates strategies that are achievable, cost-effective, and address organizational goals by themselves or in coordination with other strategies. Leadership: leads by example; serves as appropriate role model; demonstrates high ethical standards; remains visible and approachable and interacts with others on a regular basis; promotes a cooperative work environment. Seeks to develop and share best practices. Team Work & Interpersonal Skills: demonstrates a positive attitude and flexibility along with the ability to develop effective relationships with co-workers, supervisors, consultants, contractors, and stakeholders. Computer Skills : experience with common business computer applications including but not limited to: MS Outlook, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Access, MS Excel, MS Visio. Selection Process To be considered for this position, you must fill out the online application available on the City of San José website. As part of this process, you will be required to submit a Cover Letter & Resume, answer supplemental questions, and provide three references. The selection process will consist of an evaluation of the applicant’s training and experience based on the application and responses to the Job Specific Questions. Only the candidates whose backgrounds best match the position will be invited to proceed in the selection process. Additional phases of the selection process will consist of one or more interviews, one of which may include a practical/ writing exercise or a case studyrcise. _You will be prompted to answer the following job-specific questions during the online application process. Please note that there is a_ _4,000-character limit_ _, including spaces, for each text response_. Describe your experience with research projects (collecting, compiling, analyzing, and interpreting data) and presenting written and oral reports. Please provide an example of a project you have completed, including the subject, audience, recommendations or findings, and the outcomes achieved. Describe experience or interactions you have had with the San Jose City Council, city government, or city services, as well as your knowledge of the principles, practices and problems of city government organization, administration, and management. What knowledge do you have of county, state, and federal government and how it intersects with and affects the City of San José? Describe a time when you managed multiple work assignments and dealt with frequent and changing deadlines and priorities. How did you balance these competing assignments and meet performance goals and deadlines? _You must answer all job-specific questions in order to be considered for this vacancy or your application will be deemed incomplete and withheld from further consideration._ If you have questions about the duties of these positions, the selection or hiring processes, please contact Jessica Lowry at (408) 535-8148 or by email at jessica.lowry@sanjoseca.gov Additional Information This classification also receives a 5% ongoing non-pensionable pay in addition to the salary listed. For additional information, please see the employee unit's Compensation Summary. For more information about the City Manager's Office, please click here For more information about City benefits, click here To apply, please complete an application via the City of San Jose’s website at www.sanjoseca.gov/citycareers. The application deadline is on Monday, August 20, 2018 at 11:59 PM. Please allow adequate time to complete the application and submit before the deadline or the system may not save your application. If your online application was successfully submitted, you will receive an automatic confirmation email to the email address you provided. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE CONFIRMATION, please email CityCareers@sanjoseca.gov and we will research the status of your application. Please contact Human Resources at (408) 535-1285, or Human.Resources@sanjoseca.gov if you have any questions. Job : General Administration Schedule : Full-time Employee Status : Regular Job Type : Standard Job Posting : Aug 8, 2018, 4:18:01 PM Minimum Salary : 65,297.39 Maximum Salary : 89,096.08 Bargaining Unit 1 : UNIT 99 Closing Date : Aug 21, 2018, 6:59:00 AM