Overview: Add responsibilities for this role Essential Functions: Consistently exhibits behavior and communication skills that demonstrate DaVita Medical Group's commitment to superior customer service, including quality, care and concern with each and every internal and external customer. Uses, protects, and discloses DaVita Medical Group patients’ protected health information (PHI) only in accordance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) standards. Add additional Job Functions for this Specialists role Performs additional duties as assigned. Education: Minimum: High school diploma, G.E.D. or equivalent. Includes special certification required for special jobs. Preferred: Some college Add additional preferred education for this role Experience: Minimum: Up to and including 1 year of experience. Preferred: 3 to 5 years of experience. Preferred: Medical office experience. Preferred: Add additional Preferred Experience requirements for this specialist role Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Computer literate. Working knowledge of 10-key calculator. Working knowledge of general office duties. Working knowledge of contracted insurance plans. Good verbal and written communication skills. Ability to use correct English grammar and spelling. Good telephone skills. Customer-service oriented. Ability to maintain courteous and friendly demeanor when dealing with the public and co-workers. Task-oriented. Ability to work in a fast-paced team-oriented environment. Bilingual preferred. DaVita Medical Group manages and operates medical groups and affiliated physician networks in California, Colorado, Florida, Nevada, New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Washington. A leading independent medical group in America, DaVita Medical Group has over two decades of experience providing coordinated, outcomes-based medical care in a cost-effective manner. As of June 30, 2017, DaVita Medical Group’s teammates, employed clinicians and affiliated clinicians provided care for approximately 1.7 million patients. DaVita Medical Group’s leadership development initiatives and social responsibility efforts have been recognized by Fortune, Modern Healthcare, Newsweek and WorldBlu.