Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Washington, DC, USA As a Google Cloud Consultant for Infrastructure, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help them transform their businesses. You will provide management, consulting and technical horsepower to customer engagements while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions via Google’s Cloud Platform. You will also work closely with key Google partners currently servicing top accounts to manage programs, deliver consulting services, and provide technical guidance and best practice expertise. You will guide customers on how to configure and deploy their Google Cloud infrastructure consisting of identity and access management, network architecture, application security, logging, monitoring, billing and more. You will consult with customers on how to best design Cloud High Performance and High Throughput Computing in the Google Cloud Platform. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for solution architectures and consulting services. Work with a team of technical consultants, provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries, coach and grow team members' skills in consulting delivery. Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to implement High Performance and High Throughput Computing solutions such as orchestration, scheduling, data access, interprocess communication, benchmarking, performance management. Understand customer needs and help shape Google’s long term product strategy. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: MBA or M.S. in Computer Science or related Software Engineering field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of hands-on experience building, maintaining and/or operating grid computing clusters and data management systems. Experience in writing software in one or more languages (Java, Go, JavaScript, Python, etc.). Ability to travel up to 30% of the time. Preferred qualifications: Experience with commercial or academic distributed Grid systems and related Cloud integrations. Experience with one or more schedulers (e.g. PBS and derivatives, HTCondor, Data Synapse, Slurm, LSF, Grid Engine, derivatives, etc.) and Orchestration systems (e.g. Elasticluster, DAGMan, Pegasus, GlideinWMS, etc). Experience with Filers and Data Access systems (e.g. NFS servers, Elastifile, Avere, glusterfs, Isilon, Bluearc, Lustre, Ceph, HDFS, dCache, etc.) and cluster-oriented network topologies and solutions based on Ethernet or Infiniband. Experience with deployment and orchestration technologies (e.g. Puppet, Chef, Salt, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Mesos, OpenStack, Jenkins, etc.) and in system administration tasks in Linux, Unix, or Windows with familiarity with standard IT security practices (e.g. encryption, certificates, key management, etc). Experience with deployment and orchestration technologies (e.g. Puppet, Chef, Salt, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Mesos, OpenStack, Jenkins, etc.) and in system administration tasks in Linux, Unix, or Windows with familiarity with standard IT security practices (e.g. encryption, certificates, key management, etc). Developed project management, presentation and communication skills, with the ability to translate business requirements into technology solutions. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.