Machine Learning + Cloud Analytics for Enterprise Marketers Our team is changing the way marketers understand their cross-channel portfolio by translating the most sophisticated data science on the market into clear, actionable insights. For us, "attribution, evolved" isn't just a slogan; with our machine learning-powered Ensemble Method, we break free of the one-size-fits-all algorithm and create a truly unique, dynamic, and predictive solution for our customers. Conversion Logic is a media agnostic, lean start-up with brains and grit, and we're dedicated to helping clients reduce friction, adapt and realize value more quickly than ever before. Changing an industry is never a small task and requires a team of exceptional people. Our Data Operations Team is seeking an experienced Data Solutions Architect The Data Solutions Architect will serve as a resource and partner to Engineering teams as the client’s technical liaison. HOW YOU WILL HAVE AN IMPACT... Demonstrate technical expertise while scoping and driving the creation of multi-touch attribution solution for customers. Gather business and technical requirements in order to craft a comprehensive and scalable solution. Architect data feeds, data quality checks and components needed to configure attribution platform for customers. Proactively identify and resolve problems including client data feed issues. Conduct ad-hoc analysis, problem-solving, and troubleshooting of data issues. Work closely with client success teams in communicating data requirements and present assessments outputs with customers OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE... Strong understanding of the following: Solution design and architecture Relational database concepts, with exposure to SQL Data management, Data Quality and ETL best practices Amazon Web Services Data warehouse technologies Redshift, Snowflake e.t.c Experience and demonstrable technical expertise in enterprise-class Data Architecture, Solutions, (e.g., Data lake, different warehouse platforms, etc.) Functional knowledge of Adtech/Martech systems (e.g., Ad Servers, DMP’s, DSP’s, CDP’s) Ability to make assessments of the client data architecture, understanding their platforms and Data Warehouse Assess and recommend data governance - from data ingestion to data mart WHAT YOU WILL NEED... Experience in the marketing/advertising industry. Experience working with clients and customer success teams as a technical expert in data architecture and solutions Requires 10+ years of related experience At least 5 + years of extensive, hands-on experience with SQL, Python and/or BI tools like Looker, Tableau Experience with managing and manipulating data with databases such as Redshift, Snowflake. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent Conversion Logic is an EOE M/F/D/V