Our Philadelphia Distribution Center (DC) is looking for a Training Specialist to help support the development and implementation of learning solutions. This person will play a key role managing, directing, coordinating, and delivering leadership and operational training as well as new hire orientation and onboarding. What does a Training Specialist do? Our Training Specialists are a key member of the Distribution Center. Some of the responsibilities of our Training Specialists include the following:  Delivers, monitors, coaches and guides leadership and operational training for Distribution Center Associates  Provides coaching, facilitates discussions and makes recommendations for developmental needs Consults with coach trainers and other Associates on the floor to follow up on operational issues  Partners with Home Office L&D to modify, design and develop training programs and materials.  Facilitates learning by utilizing adult learning techniques, interactive elements, role plays, and technology-delivered training.  Provides post-training event feedback and support to learners and their leaders on the job through continuous coaching and feedback.  Evaluates and assesses learning programs and their impact  Plans, prioritizes, schedules and manages time based on curriculum calendar and business needs. What’s in it for you? At the TJX Companies, Inc., you'll not only enjoy the security of working for a stable and profitable industry leader, but you'll also enjoy the amazing company culture, and that’s just the beginning. Along with competitive pay, on the job training, and career advancement opportunities, TJX offers medical, dental, and vision coverage to eligible Associates. We also provide weekly pay, direct deposit, 401K retirement plan, paid vacation days, paid holidays, personal days, sick days and an Associate discount on everything in our stores! Requirements:  Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience  Coaching and/or facilitation skills  Passionate for the development of people and building relationships in a collaborative environment  Understanding of conducting needs analyses, instructional design, and adult learning theory  Deep listening and inquiry; seeks to understand and make connections which result in engaging interactions  The ability to build and maintain relationships and the ability to influence others without authority About the Company: We are a Fortune 100 company and the leading off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in the U.S. and worldwide. Our retail chains include TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra Trading Post and Homesense, as well as tjmaxx.com and sierratradingpost.com in the U.S.; Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada; TK Maxx in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Austria and the Netherlands, as well as Homesense and tkmaxx.com in the U.K.; and TK Maxx in Australia. In 2016, we had over $33 billion in sales, more than 3,800 stores, and 235,000 Associates. As a retailer committed to growth, success is always in style at TJX! TJX is an equal opportunity employer committed to workforce diversity. Nearest Major Market: Philadelphia