Overview At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. About Our Opportunity Perficient currently has a career opportunity for an Angular Developer in our Detroit office located in Livonia, MI. As as an Angular Developer you will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle including estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of application developed for our clients. As a member working in a team environment you will take direction from Solution Architects and Leads on development activities. Responsibilities Serve as a Front End Development lead and mentor. Participate in all phases of the Front End Development effort including architect, estimate, develop, test, and deliver. Provide technical support or leadership in the development and continual improvement of service. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members. Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level. Qualifications Passionate coder with 7+ years of application development experience. Must be Full Stack Java Developer with strong Angular and NodeJS experience. Client facing or consulting experience highly preferred. Javascript frameworks (AngularJS, Ember.js, or others). Java/JavaEE experience. Strong Expertise with front-end technologies: Javascript (ES6), React etc. Skilled problem solvers with the desire and proven ability to create innovative solutions. Flexible and adaptable attitude, disciplined to manage multiple responsibilities and adjust to varied environments. Future technology leaders- dynamic individuals energized by fast paced personal and professional growth. Phenomenal communicators who can explain and present concepts to technical and non-technical audiences alike, including high level decision makers. Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable major. Solid foundation in Computer Science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design. Knowledge and experienced in developing software using agile methodologies. Proficient in authoring, editing and presenting technical documents. Ability to communicate effectively via multiple channels (verbal, written, etc.) with technical and non-technical staff. Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work. More About Perficient Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P SmallCap 600 index. _Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _Disclaimer:_ _The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time._ _LI-JS1_