The Company Imerys is a world leader in creating specialty solutions that improve everyday life through minerals. Our success is built on our people, and creating an environment where our 17,500 employees around the globe can thrive. We passionately believe that our teams are at their best when they have the opportunity to learn, collaborate and find new ways to solve our customers’ challenges, no matter what part of the business they are in. We can offer you a variety of work and real opportunities to make an impact and be part of our evolution. If you want to grow your skills and develop your career, find out more at www.imerys.com The Position Lab Administrator Job Summary This role supports the milling processes by providing technical analysis of production and packaging samples and supports the Imerys Occupational Health standards by providing technical analysis of the industrial hygiene samples. KEY TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Sets up, adjusts and operates laboratory equipment and instruments for tests to determine particle size, color, density, ash, or such other product tests as may be required. Tests and analyzes product samples to verify conformity to specifications. Sets up laboratory equipment and instrumentation required for tests or process control. Records test results on forms and prepares graphs and charts as required. Cleans laboratory equipment and work area. Calibrates and performs routine maintenance on laboratory equipment, or assists in the performance of same. Collects product samples from milling areas or other areas when required. Maintains records on production specifications, test results, and other quality-assurance performance data. Completes Certificates of Analysis related to product quality. Maintains inventory of supplies used in the laboratory. Maintains, sets up, and calibrates industrial hygiene inhalable and respirable dust, noise, and carbon monoxide sampling devices. Schedules and performs annual industrial hygiene sampling. Calculates results, enters data in Occupational Health database and provides employees and management with results. Assists with miscellaneous quality-related projects and ISO documentation or other record maintenance. Equipment malfunctions requiring troubleshooting and repair may be resolved through conversations with vendors and contractors; changing the affected part/s or requesting a service call. Participation in incident investigation and root cause analysis to determine sources of contamination of products, and employee exposure to noise, dust, and other occupational health concerns. Education and Experience requirements: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience Knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics: Mathematical skills are needed to evaluate data, perform tests, and prepare graphs, charts and reports. Computer skills are required to manage and utilize data management software packages. Other Qualifications: Able to lift 50 lbs; able to spend majority of 8 hour shift standing/walking. Relocation assistance is not provided Position Type Full time and Permanent _Only technical issues will be monitored through the below inbox:_ _recruiting.support@ imerys.com_ _PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT RESUMES OR APPLICATIONS TO THIS EMAIL, AS THEY WILL NOT BE REVIEWED._ _To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only applications received through the online application process will be considered._ _IMERYS is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and it is our policy to not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws._