People Operations strives to revolutionize human resources the same way that Google has revolutionized search. We are helping to find, grow and keep the remarkable assemblage of talent who are our Googlers. You'll be a champion of Google's culture and values, partnering with our business leaders to help them build their organizations and make sure all people decisions are based on data. Whether coaching clients on how to lead their teams, navigating and resolving employee relations issues or managing programs that help develop our Googlers, you are exceptionally focused on putting them first, and being as clear and transparent as possible to help Googlers understand how people decisions get made. The People Consultant team works directly with Googlers and People Partners (formerly known as HR Business Partners) to provide personalized guidance, support, and solutions on a breadth of People Ops-related activities. In this role, you will ensure our Googlers experience the best that Google HR has to offer. This will require client-facing, problem solving, analytical and execution skills, along with domain expertise and empathy. You'll focus on Googler’s experiences, providing timely responses, sharing knowledge and feedback with fellow team members, and balancing Googlers' individual needs with Google's philosophy, principles and available resources. Additionally, you will be responsible for coaching and consulting with Googlers and Managers, collaborating with People Partners on programs and projects, and working as part of a team, and with other POps teams, in order to simplify and improve People Operations processes. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Provide HR support and consultation to the business, answering employee and manager questions about HR programs, policies, and other HR-related items. Advise on performance management issues and lead minor investigations and reorganizations. Assist People Partners with planning and roll-out of HR programs and initiatives. Triage Googler enquiries and connect Googlers to the right subject matter expert when necessary. Identify opportunities to improve HR policies by connecting the dots across multiple experiences provided by Googlers/Managers. Identify and propose solutions to correct inconsistent HR policies and gaps. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of HR Business Partner or Generalist experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience in HR, people programs, or other large scale people-related roles. Experience with coaching and mentoring others. Demonstrated experience with cross-functional collaboration and influence. Demonstrated client-service orientation, with a focus on delivering exceptional customer service. Effective interpersonal, teamwork and organizational skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.