Qualifications Master's or a PhD degree in industrial engineering, operations research, computer science, Mathematics or related analytics disciplines Experience with optimization models (mixed-integer linear programming, non-linear programming, etc.) and at least one of the solvers such as OPL Studio, CPLEX, Gurobi, GAMS, CBC is required Demonstrated experience in at least one of analytical languages such as Python, Julia, C++, GLPK, R, etc. Experience with spatial optimization models (network optimization, territory, location optimization, routing, etc.) and/or GIS software (e.g., ArcGIS, QGIS, PostGIS) is highly preferred Professional experience with a manufacturing, service, or analytics company in operations management is a plus Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and statistical models is a plus Knowledge of simulation software such as Arena, AnyLogic, or Simul8 is a plus Ability to work with relational databases such as SQL, Access, PostgreSQL, etc. and knowledge of distributed database systems (Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce) is a plus. Intellectual curiosity, along with excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills Strong team-orientation and a professional attitude Comfort in communicating technical content in an easy to understand way Fluency in English is a must Ability to travel 10-30% Who You'll Work With While your work will be primarily in Waltham, MA, you will be a member of the Global Geospatial Analytics team with team members in in Sao Paulo, Brazil, San Jose, Costa Rica, and Shanghai, China. You will interact daily with your colleagues from other locations as well as travel to serve clients both domestically and internationally. In addition, you will benefit from all development and training opportunities that we have developed for our analytics colleagues worldwide as well as those designed specifically for professionals in our Waltham office. What You'll Do You will work in a fast-paced, team environment devising and conducting specialized and distinctive advanced analytics and operations research models to solve client problems across industries. Some of your typical projects will include optimizing transport and logistics operations to identify cost savings potential, developing an optimal network configuration model for a global supply chain, or simulating inventory levels with the objective of creating a sound inventory policy. Your work will be project-oriented. You will often be responsible for the entire analytical process from outlining the best solution to implementing the results. You will interpret results for colleagues, consultants, and clients, and you will often create plans for transferring capabilities and algorithms to the client. Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills. You are expected to develop and contribute to such knowledge base on analytic methods and techniques, as well as relevant data and information sources used in geospatial analytics.