Cloud Full Stack Developer - 18000H6E Preferred Qualifications Organization: Oracle Solution Engineering, North America Sales Engineering and Customer Success Position: Solution Engineer, Reston, Burlington, Austin and Santa Monica Solution Engineering Centers Oracle Job Code: 9101/IC2/Staff Sales Consultant Organization Description Are you interested in being part of a new startup organization inside Oracle North America? We are building a next generation Solution Engineering organization with two physical Solution Engineering Centers in the United States, located in Reston, Virginia and Denver, Colorado. The mission of the organization and these two centers is to build and engineer cutting-edge solutions for our customers around cloud computing, big data analytics, mobile computing, internet of things, cybersecurity. Additional areas of interest for us considering to investing in are Artificial Intelligence, Augmented and Virtual Reality and many other exciting technology trends that interest us all. Our mission is simple, we build new and innovative technology solutions for real world problems that our customers face. And so, we are seeking people who share that spirit of using technology to innovate and solve big problems. The target candidate’s profile is one who can blend of deep technical skills (modern programming, UX design, data analytics and software architecture, etc) with analytical problem solving skills. You are expected to work directly customers and members of the sales team on key selling activities such as: Performing proof of concepts with clients Building repeatable cloud solution demonstrations Delivering hands-on cloud computing workshops Creating new industry-focused solution innovations Your core responsibility is to help the customers understand their business problems and then using technology solutions using Oracle latest Cloud Computing services. You will have opportunities to engage with a variety of customers from all sectors and industries (e.g. Retail, Banking, Healthcare, Energy, Automotive, Government and many others). To remain at the cutting edge of innovation, the organization will provide significant investment in your professional development via training, mentoring and a social network of resources and thought leaders inside Oracle. You will have an opportunity to choose a senior Oracle mentor based on mutual interests and passions. It is also expected that you are a self-starter and have a passion for learning new subjects on your own and then help evangelize those learning with your peers and community. There is a defined career progression for all Solution Engineers and based on your annual performance and personal development, you will be provided many opportunities for career growth, including leadership roles. This is a unique and rare opportunity to join the ground floor of building a truly transformation organization inside Oracle North America. We are inviting people who share our hunger and the passion to be part of a culture of innovation, agility and performance. Come be part of it and share the journey. Candidate Requirements 3 years experience as a Software Engineer/Developer, Sales Engineer, Implementation Consultant, or IT Support Engineer Experience with Agile and SCRUM-based projects or working with rapid and iterative technical design/implementation projects Hands on experience working with programming languages including: Javascript, Java, SQL, PHP, .NET, Ruby, Node.js, Python, etc. Hands-on experience with cloud computing platforms, such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, Cloud Foundry, Salesforce, etc. Modern CSS, HTML5 website design and development experience SaaS applications (Salesforce, Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle SaaS, ServiceNow, etc) development and integration experience SDLC and DevOps experience with continuous integration and deployment Data science, analytics, statistical modeling experience is a plus. Standard Staff Sales Consultant Job Description (PRESALES, PRODAPPS, IC2) Provides direction and specialist knowledge in applying the technology/application to client business. Facilitation of customer product/application understanding through presentations demonstrations and benchmarks; provision of support throughout the sell. As a Staff Sales Consultant you will be responsible for providing presales technical / functional support to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction. Develop and deliver high quality standard Oracle presentations and demonstrations. Present and articulate Oracle products strengths, features, benefits, and competitive advantages. Design, validate, and present Oracle software solutions to include advanced product concepts, future direction, and 3rd party complimentary products. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. 3 - 5 years business experience preferred; vendor experience also preferred. 3 years relevant computer applications or database/tools preferred. Demonstrated proficiency in one multi-user operating system. Knowledge of system and application design preferred. Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Ability to travel as needed. Expected travel is less than 25%. BA/BS degree or equivalent preferred. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Provides direction and specialist knowledge in applying the technology/application to client business. Facilitation of customer product/application understanding through presentations demonstrations and benchmarks; provision of support throughout the sell. As a Staff Sales Consultant you will be responsible for providing presales technical / functional support to prospective clients and customers while ensuring customer satisfaction. Develop and deliver high quality standard Oracle presentations and demonstrations. Present and articulate Oracle products strengths, features, benefits, and competitive advantages. Design, validate, and present Oracle software solutions to include advanced product concepts, future direction, and 3rd party complimentary products. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures.3 - 5 years business experience preferred; vendor experience also preferred. 3 years relevant computer applications or database/tools preferred. Demonstrated proficiency in one multi-user operating system. Knowledge of system and application design preferred. Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Ability to travel as needed. BA/BS degree or equivalent preferred. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.