Why LLS _How many people can answer the question, "What do you do for a living?" with the answer, "_ I help find cures for cancer. _" At LLS, employees take our mission seriously. Whether you work in one of our chapters, are an accountant at the national office or a specialist in our Information Resource Center, you work each day on making our mission a reality: Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families._ __Join us and give new meaning to the word, "job." Overview Summary: Performs general accounting/finance, IT, and basic HR functions for the chapter as needed, including the coordination of cash receipts and disbursements, preparing financial reports as required, and assisting the Executive Director support of LLS’ mission. Reports to: Executive Director, Operations Manager or assigned staff Supervises: NA This is a Temporary Staff position paid through a staffing agency and assigned to work at LLS. This role is a great opportunity to gain valuable operational experience while working for a great cause “Beating Cancer Is In Our Blood”!! Responsibilities Duties and Responsibilities: Ensure accurate and timely processing of donations and matching gifts Manage donor acknowledgement process (e.g., updating donor database, mailing donor acknowledgements and tax letter, etc.) Coordinate and code daily chapter financial records. (e.g. cash receipts, deposit slips, invoices and vendor statements) Provide general administrative management of the chapter office including supplies, purchasing, and business equipment Ensure the timely submission of weekly batches of invoices, check requests, and cash receipts templates to the Home Office. Coordinate the communication of accounting and operations policies and procedures to chapter staff. Work with Home Office staff to correct miscodings and other errors on financial reports as necessary. Review, distribute and reconcile regular reports issued by the Home Office (e.g., bank reconciliations, AP Reports, GL Detail, Temp staffing timecards). May assist the Executive Director with: Coordination of Board activity (e.g., arranging space and logistics for Board meetings, preparation of agendas, reports, and presentations, taking minutes, tracking Board attendance and giving, etc.) Preparation of chapter budgets and forecasts submitted to the Home Office. Analyzing program/chapter financial results. Maintain assigned office, program and event records, files and databases Provide administrative and clerical support as assigned May assist with select HR functions for the Chapter including updating PTO, posting open positions, scheduling interviews, obtaining and ensuring the completion of all related HR paperwork, onboarding, training, benefit programs, benefit changes, etc. May assist with select IT functions for the Chapter including troubleshooting, local technical support, serving as Chapter IT contact for Home Office, etc. Maintain a working knowledge of the LLS mission and programs to promote the field and campaign fundraising initiatives. Perform other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Education & Experience Requirements: High school degree. 2+ years of operations and/or accounting experience. Position Requirements: Solid bookkeeping skills. Detail-oriented and highly organized. Strong MS Office Suite skills Excellent interpersonal skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Knowledge of standard business machines and computers. Professional with sound judgment. Solid analytical skills. Physical Demands & Work Environment: Occasional weekend & evening work required Physical demands are minimal and typical of similar jobs in comparable organizations Work environment is representative and typical of similar jobs in comparable organizations