Do you solve business problems algorithmically? We’d like to hear from you. Key Responsibilities: Partner with Business Development teams to create and maintain a healthy, qualified demand pipeline for AI/ML solutions Work in close collaboration with interdisciplinary teams – Business experts, AI/ML engineers, Chief Science Officers, Architects, Operations — to assess client/prospect opportunities Lead opportunity discovery through analyses and workshops with clients. Frame business problems and identify levers of opportunity for AI/ML. Provide thought leadership and points of view to shape the AI/ML led solution and deliver business outcomes. Act as the single point of contact for prospects and clients during the sales process, contracting, solution design and delivery governance. Support data science teams during design and deployment to provide business perspective Work closely with clients to ensure they are leveraging the Genpact solution to its fullest and identify additional areas where AI/ML can further assist in transforming knowledge work and business processes. Work with service line leaders and client partners to maintain strategic account plan and white space opportunity for top clients Work with all internal teams to break down silos and problem solve for our clients Most importantly – highly curious and continuous learner Travel (80%) Qualifications: Must have: 8+ years experience in management consulting or equivalent client service work AI/ML consulting, deep data science consulting or advanced analytics consulting required Ability to frame the business problems and solutions using AI/ML techniques Experience managing interdisciplinary and geographically distributed teams, including technologists and data scientists (or deeply quantitative professionals) Ability to understand complex AI/ML techniques and simplify it for the business audiences Customer relationship exposure or experience at C-levels Understanding of sales fundamentals Flexibility and adaptability in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills; Proven flexibility to successfully connect and partner with multiple personalities and communication styles Creative problem solving skills Proven follow-up skills, independence and reliability Masters degree in Business, Computer Science or Quantitative Sciences Nice to have: Multi-disciplinary experience e.g. A physicist turned management consultant. A psychologist turned data data scientist An entrepreneur who built a business based on algorithms. Failed or succeeded — doesn’t matter. Job Vice President Primary Location United States-New York Education Level Master's / Equivalent Job Posting Aug 1, 2018, 5:22:41 PM Unposting Date Sep 30, 2018, 6:29:00 PM