Manager II Under the supervision of the Regional Director/Assistant Regional Director supervises regional team members/team coordinators (Nurses, Social Workers, Generalist, Dieticians, Pharmacists) in conducting certification surveys, licensure inspections, and investigations in long term care facilities to determine compliance with state and federal laws, regulations, and rules. Participates as an active member of the Enforcement Committee, Regional Management Team, and the Quality Assurance Team. Ensure timeframes/data entry deadlines are met for all visits. Assists Regional Director/Assistant Regional Director in performing administrative tasks as assigned. Essential Job Functions: Coordinate the activities and the department resources for a geriatric unit. Schedule surveys, certifications, complaints, licensure inspections and follow up visits to meet federal and state guidelines, protocol and timeframes. Supervises unit staff which includes planning work schedules, monitoring output, and ensuring compliance with policies and procedures. Tracks, monitors, plans, coordinates, or schedules activities on a complex level to ensure deadline or requirements are met. Evaluates program, procedures, or processes for effectiveness through review (for example, reviews statistics, reports, operations, findings, case readings, surveys, quality assurance activities, performance measures, best practices) and reports results or makes recommendations to resolve issues or improve performance. Expected to serve as liaison for assigned area on complex issues with agency staff or outside entities. Plans, participates in, and monitors staff training. Selects, manages, and develops staff through conferences, mentoring, training, and performance appraisal. The program manager is expected to testify at hearings or in court proceeding to provide information regarding policy, procedures, history, findings, or activities. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Experience in Geriatric Regulatory program. Experience performing supervisory, managerial, or professional work. Experience monitoring compliance with procedures. Experience developing and or approving schedules, and priorities. Must be able to multi-task and track multiple activities. Possess excellent interpersonal skills, problem-solving skills and demonstrates ability to prioritize, provide supervision to Administrative Staff and surveyors Registration or Licensure Requirements: Surveyor Minimum Qualification (SMQT) or must successfully obtain within the first year of employment. Initial Selection Criteria: Must have experience in Regulatory program. Preferred successful completion of the Surveyor Minimum qualification test. Ability to problem-solve, multi-task, organized and has excellent interpersonal skills. Additional Information: req380784 Must be able to work hours other than 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, as necessary. All applicants must pass a fingerprint criminal background check. Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.