Who we are At General Motors, we embrace the opportunity to think bigger and aim higher. It’s the confidence in knowing our ideas produce exceptional vehicles and mobility solutions that move the world in exciting new ways. With strong leadership and bold vision, we’re directing the future of transportation—and enriching people’s lives along the way. What we do Breakthroughs happen every day here—from advances in vehicle electrification and fuel cell technology to automation and connected car platforms. The knowledge and perspectives of our diverse workforce offer insight into the changing needs of our customers, spark inventive ways to improve our vehicles and elevate our business. And we’re developing more sustainable methods along the way that maximize our planet’s resources and benefit our surrounding communities. Why work with us We combine the passion of a startup with the influence of a global powerhouse. We offer careers that are built on a strong foundation and are motivated by discovery. We encourage you to explore few of the many reasons to unleash your talent with General Motors. GM has led the automobile industry for years with its connected cars, OnStar service, 4G Wifi in virtually every automobile, and most recently its venture into autonomous cars. The prevalence of these data across literally millions of cars translates into massive amounts of data ranging from car performance (tire pressure, gas consumption, radio utilization, etc.) to driver behavior (speeding, sudden stops, location, and the like). Simultaneously, over the past 5 years, Information Technology has created a best-in-class Hadoop environment to house these and other data about the customer including digital behavior, third-party demographics, service and warranty transactions, and many more. To-date, most of these data have gone untapped and the Chairman and CEO believes there is opportunity to create better customer experiences, maximize safety, drive incremental revenue, and monetize the data externally through marketplaces and new products. To solve for this, the company recently hired its first Chief Data & Analytics Officer, who will shepherd a cross- enterprise endeavor to maximize the ROI of its Data and Analytics efforts. The Function & Role The External Monetization lead identifies opportunities in GM’s data to monetize them. It coordinates all external monetization efforts at GM, sets targets and goals by opportunity type (e.g. direct sales of data to third parties, negotiating with aggregators, introducing new services available to current customers, dealers, or suppliers, etc.). These data include both vehicle-related data, as well as critical, anonymized information about GM’s customers. Currently, there are three types of external monetization (with more to be discovered by the External Monetization team):  1-to-1 Sales – activities in which the company identifies targets who will want to purchase data assets from General Motors. These one-off opportunities are smaller in nature, but have the potential to be very profitable since they involve no third-party.  Aggregation Opportunities – partnering with data aggregation companies to make customer data available to companies wishing to make special offers to GM customers.  Greenfield – un-predicted opportunities to mine our data to create new data products to sell to prospective companies and/or create new marketplaces. The data external monetization manager will identify monetization opportunities aligned with the overall external data monetization strategy. In addition, the external monetization manager will work with Data Architects to ensure the appropriate data is available (meaning coverage across the GM customer base, the amount of time data are stored, and the types of data we collect and retain from either the vehicle or from our customers) and Data Science and Analytics team to ensure that right insights are applied. Responsible for creating roadmap for the new data products, taking it through incubation and to production and managing P&L; associated with the product Work cross functionally with engineering, IT and data analytics to lead ideation, incubation, development, and launch for the data products Successful experience managing stakeholders across the organization and influencing without formal authority Own and drive the product development roadmap for the Company’s monetization products. Responsibility for the full product lifecycle from initial concepts to commercial launch. Determine prioritization of features and functionalities of each data product with needs of the consumer in mind Key partners  Information Technology (for data and tools)  Head of Data Sciences and Advanced Analytics  Global Connected Customer Experience team (including its business development)  Legal & Privacy  Information Security  Collaborative team player orientation towards work relationships, strong culture awareness  M&A; and/or business development skills  Highly developed skills in priority setting and alignment of project priorities with business strategy  Ability to break down complex problems and projects into manageable goals  Ability to influence people, skilled in communicating the benefits of data analysis to business line professionals to create a value proposition  Effectiveness in building trust, respect and cooperation among teams  A well-rounded consulting skill set or deep B2B monetization background would be highly valued. Experience  Preferred – 3-5+ years experience creating data products and selling to external businesses  experience with a Data Services and Analytics service provider (Fair Issac, Experian, Acxiom Equifax) or agency (e.g. Merkle) Education Quant undergrad degree MBA (preferred)