Driven. Engaging. Innovative. Do these words motivate you? If so, then we want to talk with you. Academy of Art University offers a rewarding employment experience for those who excel in a dynamic environment and who can consistently deliver high-caliber customer service. We thrive on ingenuity and pursue ideas every day that lead to extraordinary opportunities for tomorrow. Apply here for your next career! Responsibilities: Evaluate business and reporting requirements to develop/enhance existing metrics Collaborate with users and Executive Vice President, Business Intelligence and Strategic Analysis to understand and document business requirements Assist in the business problems, define and evaluate solutions Analyze complex business problems, define and evaluate solutions Review technical solutions to align with requirements Develop and refine reporting with a combination of SQL, Excel and Tableau Provide systems training for department, including administrative support and advisors Manage and execute entire projects or components of large projects from start to finish including project management, data gathering and manipulation, synthesis and modeling, problem solving and communication of insights and recommendations Identify reporting/analytics improvement opportunities and provide proactive strategic solutions Consistently and accurately prepare reports for various audiences in University Perform other duties as assigned Requirements: Bachelor’s degree Intermediate experience with PeopleSoft and SQL Experience working with Tableau or other Business Intelligence programs a plus Excellent problem solving skills Ability to plan and organize and effectively manage multiple assignments Desire and ability to research and synthesize various data sets Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships Benefits: Academy of Art University offers full-time employees health insurance, 401k options, paid vacation and paid holidays, paid sick leave and a commuter benefit program. The Academy also offers full-time employees an opportunity to take one undergraduate course tuition free each semester. We also have a swimming pool with multiple lanes, two fitness centers and many recreational programs that you are welcome to benefit from throughout the year . _Academy of Art University is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered regardless of_ _age, Aids or HIV positive status, marital status, domestic partnership, medical condition or genetic characteristics, race or national origin, pregnancy, religion, sex, gender identity, gender or sexual orientation, name change, citizenship, physical or mental disability, veteran status or other status protected by federal, state, local or other law_ _. Equal access to the hiring process, services, and employment is available to all_ _persons. Applicants_ _requiring accommodations to the application and/or interview process should contact the Human Resources Manager by calling 415-274-2222. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records._