Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Leads the planning, analysis, design, implementation, maintenance, and control of the organization's server-class databases. Consults with and ad vises senior management and multiple clients on high impact data or database management issues, influencing strategic direction. Handles and leads various large-scale or highly complex data/database management activities including one or more of the following: designing highly complex logical and/or physical databases; leading highly complex data modeling, mapping, integration, and capacity planning efforts; developing management policies, procedures and standards; and business requirements identification, analysis and development. Provides mentoring, guidance and general oversight to less experienced staff in a variety of database design, administration and/or modeling activities. Leads complex projects. Business Modeling Group (BMG) is an application team within Enterprise Information Technology (EIT). We are a Teradata Data Warehouse that is used across multiple business lines, and host a large number of data sources from various system of records (SOR’s). The BMG data warehouse is used for, but not limited to, the following: ad-hoc analytics; regular reporting used as input by the business groups to manage Wells Fargo products and services; regulatory reporting; fraud detection; and hosting service for User Managed Databases managed by other application teams and business areas. This is a developer DBA role within this application team. This individual will be responsible for Teradata design activities, creating SQL scripts for database objects (e.g. tables, views, roles, database procedures, etc..), and BMG Admin DBA user support functions. In addition, this individual will be responsible for creating database backup/archive processes, database restore activities, handling L3 production issues, etc. This position will require occasional domestic travel not to exceed 25%. This position will require occasional off hours support (outside of 8:00AM and 5:00PM in time zone of residence) for meetings with offshore resources or critical application support. Required Qualifications 7+ years of database design and administration experience 5+ years of experience with databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL server, or Teradata 5+ years of data warehouse experience Desired Qualifications Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 5+ years of Teradata experience Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.