As an experienced professional in our Cybersecurity organization, you’re equally committed to watching over our data today, as well as finding innovative new ways to protect it in the future. To do that, you’ll help lead a highly motivated team laser-focused on analyzing, designing, developing and delivering solutions built to stop adversaries and strengthen our operations. You’ll use your leadership skills to give guidance, best practice advice and support across all our business and technology groups. You’ll take the lead on incident response, risk reviews and vulnerability assessments, identifying threats, all of which ladder up to driving and selecting cost-effective solutions. You’ll deploy best practices, new policies, and emerging trends to strengthen our strategic roadmap. You’ll keep management, executive directors, managing directors and stakeholders in the loop, as well as managing people and budgets. As part of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s global team of technologists and innovators, your work will have a massive impact, both on us as a company, as well as our clients and our business partners around the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Excellent command of Cybersecurity organization practices, operations risk management processes, principles, architectural requirements, engineering threats and vulnerabilities, including incident response methodologies Keen understanding of national and international laws, regulations, policies and ethics related to financial industry cybersecurity Noted cybersecurity expert, keeping technical skills current and participating in multiple forums Expertise in Agile and can work with at least one of the common frameworks Ability to identify network attacks and systemic security issues as they relate to threats and vulnerabilities, with focus on recommendations for enhancements or remediation. Assist in the risk assessment of cloud implementations by 3rd parties and SaaS vendors. Contribute to firm-wide design patterns. Provide executive and senior stakeholder engagement and reporting. Influence culture and develop the Cybersecurity team by helping drive a transformation to Agile/Lean processes and Secure Cloud Adoption. Demonstrated strong leadership experience and capabilities. Hands on experience designing and implementing information security solutions with a focus on virtualization and cloud technologies. The Cybersecurity & Technology Controls group at JPMorgan Chase aligns the firm’s cybersecurity, access management, controls and resiliency teams. The group proactively and strategically partners with all lines of business and functions to enable them to design, adopt and integrate appropriate controls; deliver processes and solutions efficiently and consistently; and drive automation of controls. The group’s number one priority is to enable the business by keeping the firm safe, stable and resilient. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.