Dolby’s Technical Operations Group promotes and provides services to support Dolby’s content formats. This includes the creation of content in-house and assisting the industry to establish efficient workflows to create and distribute Dolby enabled content. Dolby also operates two New York screening rooms where filmmakers and industry professionals can create and showcase their work. This position requires the individual to be very well versed in all aspects of Digital Cinema Presentation along with a basic understanding of Dolby technologies. MAIN DUTIES: Dolby 88 Screening Room Operate screening room for various playback rentals, events, QCs, mixes and tests Interact with clients for technical guidance as it relates to their use of the room Interact with content providers to assure successful delivery of content and keys Provide backup coverage for the Dolby 24 screening room Customer Support Carry out playback support for content which Dolby has created, or in which Dolby has a vested interest for successful playback Projects On an adhoc basis, help define technical projects, monitor them and bring them to a satisfactory conclusion. Other Responsibilities Perform other duties as required by management GUIDELINES – (KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES): Knowledge: Bachelor’s Degree or relevant audio/video industry experience. A technical understanding of Digital Cinema and accompanying workflows is essential. o i.e. Aspect ratio, color space, macros, scalers, 3D, KDMs, etc. A technical understanding of audio/video hardware & software systems is important. A basic understanding of EDR/HDR video is important. A basic understanding of Dolby audio formats, including Dolby Atmos, is important. A basic understanding of DCPs and how they are constructed is important. Skills: Excellent communication skills with both internal and external contacts is essential. Ability to understand technical issues and communicate those issues to both technical and non-technical people Abilities: During high volume workload periods, the role will require the ability to work under pressure to meet demanding deadlines and manage workflows accordingly. Personal Attributes: Demonstrate the ability to have attention to detail, including when working under pressure. Able to manage workload within specified deadlines. PRACTICAL REQUIREMENTS: On occasions overtime may be required in order to meet deadlines. Equal Employment Opportunity: Dolby is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Our success depends on the combined skills and talents of all our employees. We are committed to making employment decisions without regard to race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, marital status, family status, medical condition, disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances.