Align is the industry leader and innovator in medical devices which focuses on revolutionizing the dental and orthodontic industry. Align is looking for a Supervisor, Clinical Data Management for our San Jose, CA location. This role will be part of a culture that is helping to improve lives every day through digital dentistry. The Supervisor, Clinical Data Management should have exceptional skills with responsible for leading and managing the Clinical Affairs data management team. This role will be part of Align goal to deliver our clear aligners (Invisalign ®) and 3D scanners (iTero ®) to our customers. We would love for you to join a fun and cutting-edge technology company that has helped create over 5 Million Smiles (5MILLIONSMILES Work4Align). _SUMMARY_ Responsible for leading and managing the Clinical Affairs data management team. Leading and providing guidance to the team with regard to data management. Provide data management support on clinical trials and ensuring that clinical data management activities are conducted in accordance with regulatory and company standards. The Clinical Data Associates will report to this Supervisor, Clinical Data Management. _RESPONSIBILITIES_ Provides leadership to other Clinical Data Associates. This may involve on-the-job training, scheduling of work, as well as ensuring the quality of work performed. Review and provide input from data management perspective on protocols. Work in conjunction with Clinical Research Associates (CRAs), Clinical Project Managers, and others on the Clinical Affairs team on Case Report Form (CRF) design process utilizing existing data form standards. Work closely with study project team to provide clinical study support with an emphasis on site management, device management and start-up activities·In collaboration with Clinical, create CRF completion guidelines to be utilized by sites and clinical research associates. Lead in the design and implementation of clinical data management process with vendors including data entry, data quality checking, data transfer and reporting. Work with to set up, validate and maintain clinical databases in accordance with existing standards. Work to develop edit checks and develop queries for assisting the Clinical Research team. Perform user acceptance testing (UAT) of database and EDC. Provide and work with Electronic Data Capture (EDC) vendor to program CRFs and improvements to EDC. Interact with site coordinators, investigators, and field clinical staff in collecting data and resolving queries to meet the protocol requirements in a timely manner. Ensure quality data management activities – i.e., data review, query generation and resolution, generate status reports to clinical staff and management. Ensure Quality Control guidelines/instructions for Clinical Affairs data team. Utilizes reports to track study progress and ensure timeliness and quality expectations are met. Create and maintain Data Management Plans, including, but not limited to: CRF flow, external data handling, Serious Adverse Event (SAE) processing, coding, lock procedures, and archival procedures, collaborating with Clinical. Develop guidelines and work instructions for handling of data. Generate queries to resolve data issues and apply corrections to database, working with the clinical research associate. Perform reconciliation of adverse events with serious adverse events database according to established guidelines. Understand the fundamentals of merging external data with the CRF data. Perform or oversee final archival of CRFs database. Act as a point person and provide oversight for CRA data management activities. Assist in hiring, training, and mentoring Clinical data associates. Assist in performance evaluation and career development planning for team members. Act as a point person for all data related to clinical affairs group, to provide data to cross-functional departments Help to develop and implement automation of current processes and procedures in collaboration with Product Innovation team Track data report forms, reports, and documents necessary for completion of clinical study, both in-house and from participating study sites Oversee delivery and shipment of items needed for orthodontists, general dentists Assist in writing clinical study reports Collaborate in the creation of SOPs and Work Instructions related to data management Follows all departmental and company procedures as indicated in quality, administrative, or other systems Ensure the effective fulfillment of objectives and deadlines assigned to the group. Comply with all safety policies, practices and procedures. Report all unsafe activities to supervisor and/or Human Resources. Participate in proactive team efforts to achieve departmental and company goals. _SKILLS REQUIRED_ Ability to give presentations and updates on clinical projects Write and produce reports and queries Assist and support statistician with data analysis High proficiency with MS Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) Experience with relational database design, general knowledge of FDA regulations and with web-based Electronic Data Capture (EDC), clinical data management systems _EXPERIENCE_ Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in sciences or health field. Or equal years of experience in the clinical field. 5+ years of in clinical data and experience with EDC Experience in Medical Device or pharmaceutical clinical trials 1+ year experience in managment or a supervisory role Familiarity with clinical trial design and analysis issues. _Travel:_ __ 25% all domestic At Align, the values Agility, Customer and Accountability define our culture. We develop solutions rapidly, hence the agile attitude typical of our employees. To delight our customers, we understand customer expectations, treat their problems as our own, and tailor our solutions to their needs. Accountability for delivering against our expectations is at the core of who we are. We hold ourselves to the highest standards with regard to our work, our professionalism, and our outcomes. Align, the inventors and makers of Invisalign ®, the world leader of clear aligners for orthodontic therapy. Invisalign ® is a revolutionary way to replace wires & brackets by made-to-order plastic transparent aligners. Behind the scenes, we leverage new 3D computerized treatment simulation and artificial intelligence as well as 3D printing, complex bio-mechanics and advanced materials. We also invented the iTero scanner, which scans your mouth in a few minutes and generate a 3D model of your jaws and teeth to an incredible micron-level of precision.