Company Profile: Based in Tempe, AZ, Harter Aerospace is a global aerospace maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) organization, licensed and certified by FAA, EASA, and CAAC, that performs inspection, testing, repair, and overhaul services on a variety of aircraft components. Harter Aerospace is comprised of strong technical and engineering support teams. Our facilities are equipped with a full range of state-of-the-art testing systems that are 100 percent compatible with OEM testing equipment. Every component inspected, repaired or overhauled, fulfills our customers' stringent requirements. Harter Aerospace is a subsidiary of HEICO Corporation. HEICO Corporation is a successful and growing technology-driven aerospace, industrial, defense and electronics company. For more than 60 years, HEICO has thrived by providing customers with innovative and cost-saving products and services. HEICO's products are found on large commercial aircraft, regional, business and military aircraft, as well as on a large variety of industrial turbines, targeting systems, missiles and electro-optical devices. HEICO Corporation is a New York Stock Exchange listed company (NYSE: HEI and HEI.A) and has also been ranked as one of the 100 "World's Most Innovative Growth Companies", 100 "Best Small Companies" and 200 "Hot Shot Stocks" by Forbes over the past decade. Overview: The Supply Chain Manager will oversee the Purchasing and Inventory/Materials Departments, and all procurement related tasks. Responsible for approx. 10 direct-report employees who perform all procurement functions, expediting and tracking, price negotiations, vendor relationships, process improvements, and aid in determining the appropriate inventory levels based on the products life cycle. In this position, the Supply Chain Managerwill be responsible for ensuring the following tasks are performed successfully on a daily basis; either performing these tasks directly or delegating to department employees: Responsibilities: Control the materials logistics flow from order placement to parts on the shelf (inventory) in support of all operational processes performed within. Develop relationships with worldwide network of suppliers and manage the material delivery schedules to ensure on-time execution and superior quality. Manage outside process to ensure timeliness and adherence to all quality standards when parts and materials are outsourced to approved vendors. Negotiate with manufacturers and distributors to support purchasing goals to achieve cost savings and timely deliveries. Achieve lowest possible cost for material, balanced against optimum quality and schedule needs. Prepare and issue purchase orders and purchase order change notices and acknowledgements for parts, materials, services, supplies, and miscellaneous expenses. Maintain timely control of orders, amendments, shipping notices, and other required documentation to assure orderly administration and retention of records. Management of approx. $5M inventory of spare parts, materials, and assets. Monitor inventory values and identify solutions to continuously reduce inventory cost and reserves. Maintain detailed vendor notes and delivery dates in company's internal ERP systems (primarily Quantum & Access). Review and track past order history through company's internal ERP system. Communicate requirements and updates to internal customers, and interface with Customer Service and Shop personnel to provide order status updates. Maintain running log of backorders and continuously review for expedite and alternative sourcing solutions, in support of critical customer requirements. Generate, manipulate, and analyze data to facilitate best practice purchasing. Job Requirements: Strong proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word, Access and Internet search engines and browsers. Must have strong follow-up skills. Must be highly responsive, motivated, organized, and detail-oriented. Must have the ability to multi-task and deal with multiple demands and changing priorities. Strong work ethic and sense of urgency (willingness to get the job done). Ability to set clear goals, manage issues and escalate when necessary to achieve results. Ability to work in a team environment and under tight deadlines. Must be able to proficiently read and write English and communicate clearly. To succeed, the person will need to be a detail-oriented, highly organized team player with the ability to effectively articulate findings, and strong computer skills. Must be able to generate and analyze detailed reports involving inventory values, vendor performance, and internal parts/materials utilization data. Experience: A solid understanding of Aviation/Aircraft/Mechanical related terminology and part applications required. Minimum 5 years' experience in purchasing and/or materials planning/buying experience required. Minimum 3 years' experience in a FAA approved part 145 MRO, or component/aircraft OEM required. Bachelor's degree in Management or Supply Chain is a plus. Certification in Purchasing / Material Management or Supply Chain is a plus. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled