Take Ownership of Key Global Cash Forecasting Role & Enjoy Wide Exposure & High Visibility Make Your Mark at Company Shaping the Future of Automotive Cockpit Electronics If you combine corporate treasury or banking/corporate development experience with strong financial planning and analysis skills and the drive and desire to grow professionally, the role of Senior Treasury Analyst offers some compelling opportunities: You will take ownership of a global position and enjoy exposure to the highest levels of management. Cash is the lifeblood of the company and you will gain high-level understanding of corporate cash flow across company operations here in the U.S. and around the globe. In fact, you'll work to gain "CFO-level" understanding and inform decision-making through accurate forecasting and modeling. This is a robust role, ripe with learning opportunities. The pace is fast and you are bound to learn something new almost every day. While you could be happy and challenged in this role for many years to come, if you have aspirations to move up combined with the self-motivation and determination to learn and excel, you will find opportunities for professional and career growth. In fact, the role is available because the incumbent was promoted! We are in a unique niche at the leading edge of the automotive industry, developing next-generation technology to support the evolution of autonomous vehicles. You can feel good knowing your efforts are supporting the future! A technology-driven company focused on cockpit electronics and the road to autonomous driving. Visteon is at the epicenter of the connected car driving revolution, with one of the broadest cockpit electronics portfolios in the industry. We are a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity, and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. We have a cockpit electronics portfolio that few competitors can match and are well- positioned to address several key trends in our business, none greater than the evolution toward autonomous driving, which requires new technology to enable drivers to interact safely and efficiently with their vehicles. Pictured: Visteon's award-winning SmartCore™ is the industry's first cockpit domain controller, and the Gen 2 Phoenix System integrates different domains, including infotainment, instrument clusters, information displays, head-up displays, advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and connectivity. SmartCore is an important part of our roadmap to autonomous driving. The Requirements The ideal candidate for the Senior Treasury Analyst – Global Cash Forecasting opportunity, will have: 2-3 years of professional experience in the area of corporate environment, ideally in the area, treasury management, financial planning and analysis _or_ banking / corporate development Knowledge of and experience with preparation and analysis of financial statements A bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Accounting or closely related field is required; an MBA or ongoing work toward an MBA is highly preferred Professional designations or work toward obtaining certain credentials including CTP, CFPA, CFM/CMA or CPA are preferred Competency in general accounting with an understanding of financial statement interactivity Strong Microsoft Excel skills (formulas & functions, VLOOKUP, pivot tables, etc.) required experience with Hyperion Financial Management software is ideal In addition, success will require the following core competencies and characteristics: Ability to work independently to meet required deliverables on time and per specifications Strong communication and group coordination skills A commitment to maintaining constant open communication with management and to sharing critical information as appropriate and necessary Outstanding organization and prioritization skills required to effectively manage your workload, competing priorities, deadlines and time pressures Outstanding analytical reasoning and problem-solving skills Flexibility and adaptability to manage change, meet goals and deadlines, and work with global stakeholders/teams Attention to detail - the ability to spot errors is critical Willingness work additional and flexible hours as needed To meet the basic qualification for this role, you will also have legal authorization to work permanently in the United States for any employer. Pictured: Visteon is a pioneer and leader in head up displays (HUDs), helping drivers keep their eyes on the road. Our engineers are bringing higher definition and modular product architecture to HUD, based on tailored kinematic system. This version is available on the Mitsubishi Eclipse. The Role Reporting to the Senior Treasury Manager, as Senior Treasury Analyst - Global Cash Forecasting, you will leverage analytical and problem-solving capabilities while working with a group of managers and analyst to develop the company's global cash forecast and other ad hoc responsibilities. This is a role requiring strong collaboration and coordination skills to work with a range of levels and titles, including the Senior Treasury Manager and VP of Finance, as well as cross-functional team members, including Accounting, Engineering Finance and others. Your responsibilities include monitoring, assessing and reporting, cash performance for the budget forecast cycle, monthly and quarterly reporting, as well as ad hoc assignments. Specifically, in the following areas, and as part of your primary responsibilities, you will: Essential functions (80%) Prepare corporate cash flow, balance sheet, debt and interest forecasting and strategy (30%). During each forecast period, complete monthly regional cash flow, global balance sheet, debt and interest forecast through inputs from various functions around the company, making knowledgeable assumptions, and reviewing/planning with treasury personnel in North America, Europe, Asia, and South America. Use forecasts to advise on capital structure considerations, assess regional funding requirements, and develop multiple scenario plan. Actual cash flow, debt and interest reporting and analysis (40%). At each month end, complete and analyze actual global cash flow performance and prepare revised full-year forecast by region and develop management reporting package and BOD package. At each quarter end, prepare cash flux reporting and create required management backup schedules. At each month end, complete and analyze debt and interest flux. Perform dividend and intercompany transactions tracking and maintain organized documentation Bank compliance/borrowing base (10%). Complete required reporting for bank compliance and borrowing base. Support routine corporate reporting process Additional Functions (20%) Perform cost of capital calculation and analysis. Facilitate SOX/ internal controls and other audit compliance. Assist in performing cash flow and balance sheet related analysis of M&A / divestiture activity or other consulting as needed. Coordinate with 13-week receipt/ disbursement forecasting process and analysis. Pictured: Visteon's breakthrough approach to infotainment the next-generation Phoenix™ infotainment platform - is one of the most crucial systems to enhancing the user experience in a connected car. Like all our infotainment solutions, it enables connectivity to the Internet of things (IoT) and the cloud, and offers personalization and artificial intelligence functionalities. More Good Reasons Leading edge impact Our success is based on cutting-edge innovation, and that can also true of our financial operations. We are growing, but we're still nimble and flat, so that there won't be a lot of red tape between your ideas and execution. And, once you earn the trust of your supervisor, you'll enjoy a good deal of deference from you. Top-tier team You will join a tight-knit team of smart people who are experts in their fields and who, through collaboration and mentorship, can help you learn and develop your skills. Flexible work We are committed to mutually agreeable work schedules that take into account the variability of project requirements and employees' own needs. Focusing on the future Our company strategy focuses on emerging areas of the automotive industry, including autonomous vehicles. This strategy is driven by constant innovation, and you will support our efforts through your role. We are recognized across the industry for innovation. For example, our SmartCore™ cockpit domain controller earned an Automotive News PACE Award for innovation in 2018. Professional development Working at Visteon is not a destination, but a journey in which our employees can develop their strengths and advance their careers while helping a global, technology-focused company achieve its goals. We have a variety of programs to support employees' ongoing development. Visteon is dedicated to providing employees with regular feedback through check-in conversations at key stages of projects. Employees engage in regular discussions covering their performance, impact and development opportunities throughout the year, are rewarded for their commitment and results. Stability and growth We have a strong book of business that is expected to drive future growth, along with a customer base that includes almost every automotive manufacturer in the world. Our revenues in 2017 were $3.15 billion. Highly competitive compensation At Visteon, employees are part of an international organization and are often in daily contact with colleagues and customers all over the world. The nature of our organization allows employees at all levels to deliver results that affect our business on a daily basis. Visteon offers competitive salaries and benefits and an environment that encourages employees to achieve their career goals. Pictured: Visteon is actively developing and testing our DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform, combining hardware and software that is accelerating adoption of self-driving technology. Keys to Success This Senior Analyst role is ideal for a motivated individual who loves to solve puzzles - someone who enjoys digging to figure out the answers and has the patience to push through when the work becomes difficult. Ours is a fast- paced, growing company. Everyone is busy, and you too will be expected to take ownership of your work. Your supervisor will clearly articulate what is expected of you, but you'll take the ball and drive the quality and satisfaction of the projects that fall to you. We are looking for someone who is bright, able and willing to learn, who has a passion for success, and who is looking to build a career here. To become a high achiever will require a demonstration of strong analytical and organizational skills as well as the development of technical acumen and also less tangible skills such as a sense of pride and confidence in your work and a great attitude. The right fit for this role could be described as a “go-getter.” Relationship building skills will be paramount and you’ll need to manage deadlines carefully so that expectations are met. In addition, in order to be an outstanding Senior Treasury Analyst, you will: Take a proactive approach to getting up to speed with our systems quickly and continue to expand your knowledge and skills on an ongoing basis Ensure the delivery of top quality results in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines Promote collaboration and knowledge sharing with others Combine analytical skills with creativity in solving problems Keep a constant eye out for ways to improve processes and controls Pictured: Visteon is leading the shift to all-digital cockpits, including instrument clusters that feature rich 3-D graphics and simpler user interface. Shown here is the instrument cluster available on the Ford Mustang. About Us About Visteon Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions for most of the world’s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of $3.15 billion in 2017. Learn more at www.visteon.com. Visteon is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Our Vision A top-three cockpit electronics player delivering a rich, connected cockpit experience for every car from luxury to entry level. For more information about our company, technologies and products, please visit our YouTube page. Clicking on this link will open a new browser window, but be sure to come back to submit your resume.