Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Palo Alto, CA, USA As part of Google Cloud, the Hire team is changing how people work by creating and enabling AI powered business apps. Hire focuses on improving how companies recruit by seamlessly connecting all of the Google solutions companies that already leverage for recruiting, including Google Search, Gmail, Calendar, Docs, Sheets and Hangouts. As a Content Strategist you will work closely with a vibrant team of customer experience, content creators, product managers, and software engineers charting new territory in the space of business apps. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Manage the content Hire users rely on to understand understand our services. Manage the content Hire support agents use to stay informed about new processes or services. Manage communications to Hire users about new feature releases, collaborating with Hire's Product, UX and Marketing teams. Create processes and partnerships to gather feedback about content needs. Manage a small team of content editor contractors. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience working with Learning Management Systems, Help Center Systems or other methods of internal/external communication. Experience working with cross-functional teams and customer bases. Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's degree in English or Writing. Experience with recruiting practices (e.g. interviews, hiring, talent assessment). Demonstrated understanding of user experience principles. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.