Job Summary: The City of Irving Information Technology Department is seeking a qualified individual to join the team to support city software systems. Duties include assisting in software system implementation projects and tasks as well as providing for maintenance and upgrade plans of all software systems assigned. This position is not a coding position, but primarily functions as a software business analyst to facilitate consultations, implementations, configuration setup, modifications, end user support, vendor facilitations, report writing and upgrades of software systems. Duties will require excellent communication and phenomenal customer service skills; a quality work ethic; and the ability to be analytical and results oriented, and interact and facilitate support situations to expected and positive results between department customers and technology vendors. A Bachelor"s degree, or equivalent, from an accredited college or university with major course work in Information Systems or a closely related field; and a minimum of two years of compatible technology experience required. Experience working with Microsoft and SQL Server based environments, having proficiency with writing SQL scripts and SSRS reports, is preferred. Being able to demonstrate the ability to build SQL stored procedures is a plus. Must have, or be able to obtain, a valid Class C Texas driver"s license. Schedule will include some weekend and evening hours, including, but not limited to, on-call rotation, with a requirement to fulfill after hours work when assigned. Duties involve access to sensitive Criminal Justice Information Systems (CJIS), which requires that a thorough background check be conducted. Candidates will be subject to a criminal history check. Must not have any criminal conviction above the grade of a Class B misdemeanor or any Class B misdemeanor within the past 10 years; other convictions may also be considered. Must be able to complete CJIS Security training within the first month of hiring. Applicants must submit résumé with completed application. PAY GRADE GG22 / FULL RANGE $4,885 - $6,890 PER MONTH ($58,620 - $82,680 ANNUALLY) Benefits: The City of Irving offers a generous benefits package, including multiple health and dental plans options; and biweekly vacation and sick leave accrual. Full-time employees contribute to the Texas Municipal Retirement System (TMRS), a statewide retirement system that provides retirement, disability, and death benefits for employees of participating Texas cities. Click here for City of Irving benefits summaries.