Company Overview GroupM is the largest media investment company in the world – purchasing more than $104BN in billings (RECMA 2013). GroupM and its agencies employ over seventeen thousand people in four hundred offices spanning eighty-one countries. GroupM Data & Analytics is a marketing science, technology and consulting group specializing in fact-based business strategies and assessment. Our global team provides expertise in data management, advanced analytics, technology deployment and marketing effectiveness with one clear remit: help clients achieve significant and lasting improvements in marketing effectiveness and profitability. Utilizing a proprietary Data and Analytics Platform, we enable clients’ marketing organizations to monitor, evaluate and optimize media investments. The Data and Analytics organization in GroupM is responsible for managing and analyzing massive amounts of data as well as supporting the whole organization in delivering value from data. We focus on designing, developing and operating our global technology stack with four key layers of Data Marketplace, Data Management, Analytics Workbench and Application Marketplace. These products are hosted on a variety of infrastructure options including but not limited to local servers, public and private clouds and enable a suit of advanced analytics-based products, specific Data collection modules and customized Data transformation packages. Position Overview The Data Architect is responsible for the support and implementation of database applications during the design, build and maintenance phases of large projects and prepare datasets for modeling. Candidates are expected to demonstrate the following skills/experience: hands-on skills in processing large data sets, familiarity with data structure, big-data concepts, cloud computing, open-source tools, and optimization techniques, excellent oral and written communication skills, client focus and the ability to support and enable teamwork, self-motivated and able to operate independently with limited guidance and direction. Responsibilities Design, build, and deploy database applications Document data architecture requirements and QA guidelines Retrieve, compile, and format large volumes of data Utilize syndicated research tools to retrieve various types of data (macroeconomic, marketing, business, etc.) Design and implement marketing performance dashboard using Tableau or other visualization tools Write customized query to generate automatic periodical reports Prepare and refresh datasets for the different cycles of Marketing Mix Modeling Build applications writing SQL and/or SAS scripts to manipulate data and / or writing specific instructions for an off-shore programmer to write the scripts Communicate with offshore implementation team during build phase. Write and track tasks to be completed by offshore. Ensure applications are properly maintained by working with off-shore maintenance teams to ensure all cycles are properly completed, with strong emphasis on Quality Assurance of data and settings Attend key design meetings and provide support Assist implementation lead in resolving database architecture questions Meet project timelines and deliverable schedules Requirements BS in Computer Science or related technical field required. An MS is preferred. 1-2 years related work experience in the field of data management, marketing analytics, and technology Understand data processing, i.e. Extract/Transform/Load Good communication and written skills Ability to work on multiple projects at a time Experience with the full development life cycle of an application stack - from architecture through test and deployment. Skills in SQL and proven experience working with at least one of the major databases platforms (SQLServer, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Sybase, or Postgres) Strong analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations Organized, detail-oriented, QA-focused Experience with visualization tools including Tableau, Spotfire, Omniscope and MicroStrategy will be highly valued Proficient in system architectures (translating application design to operational requirements) Prior knowledge of advertising ecosystem, understanding of marketing metrics, and analytical products offered as a service is preferred Familiarity with scripting like R, Python, VBA, Perl and cloud computing techniques is preferred