Join SADA Systems as an Associate Consultant, O365! We are not a corporate IT department. We offer our employees better opportunities for learning with our Professional Development Reimbursement policy and more options with our unlimited PTO policy. We believe that the variety of work and clients you'll work with will be a refreshing change from what you are used to. Our team is comprised of unique individuals with each person specializing in different aspects of IT. If you are a success-oriented person who wants to be appreciated for what you do and stimulated in ways that a corporate IT environment doesn't offer, this is the place for you. We are looking for professionals who have the drive to provide excellent service! Primary duties include the following: Administering and maintaining servers/systems for multiple Office 365 and internal clients Administering printers, backup servers and their associated operating systems and software Ensuring accurate and timely resolution for assigned issues Proper training and documentation of issues Providing front line end user support for multiple clients Noticing trends and devising long term solutions to recurring problems Maintain accurate and timely accounts for assigned clients Escalate issues as needed You would be great for this position if you have: 3+ years of desktop administration experience 3+ years of desktop application troubleshooting experience 1+ years supporting Office 365 environment Have basic troubleshooting skills around email issues 1-2 years of server & network administration experience in Windows OS Knowledge in Linux is a plus 3+ years helpdesk/remote support experience Basic DNS and Networking knowledge Mac skills including support for Mac devices, server infrastructure is a plus Ability to learn new technologies Open to being on call for weekends and after hours including on emergency services rotation Must be highly organized and detail-oriented Successful at working in a team culture Excellent verbal and written communication skills Possess valid and clear driver's license Positive attitude towards change and ability to adapt Why you'll love working at SADA: You'll work with a great group of people, one of the best in the business, in a highly collaborative, team and results oriented atmosphere You'll have the opportunity to work in a dynamic and extremely positive environment where there is always the opportunity to challenge your skills and really move the needle You’ll work with large, sophisticated and progressive clients throughout North America Unlimited PTO More awesome benefits include competitive and attractive compensation, huge performance based bonuses, holidays, medical, dental, vision, life, short and long term disability insurance, 401K and more Continental breakfast and catered lunch provided! Ongoing training provided and plenty of opportunities to grow We have a ping pong table, big screens, video games, company social events and an espresso machine! About SADA Systems, Inc: SADA Systems, Inc. is a privately-held global leader in providing business and technology consulting services that transform organizations through cloud- based solutions. As a Facebook Workplace Service Partner, a Google Cloud Premier Partner and a Microsoft National Solutions Provider, SADA Systems has gained global accolades as an exceptional service provider with proven expertise in enterprise consulting, cloud platform migration, custom application development, managed services, user adoption and change management. If you love technology and you're looking for a stimulating and innovative environment with a fun corporate culture, then SADA is the place for you! Our dedication to our clients, partners, employees and the community has resulted in some great accolades, including: Inc. Magazine 5000 – America’s Fastest Growing Companies 10 years straight Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Company for 2018 CRN Magazine Fast Growth 150 – Fastest Growing IT Services Companies 7 years straight Located in the heart of NOHO arts district, we offer an exciting and challenging place to work with some pretty cool people! If you're ready to take your career to the next level, then SADA is the right place for YOU.