Job Description Ticom Geomatics, a CACI Company, delivers industry leading Signals Intelligence and Electronic Warfare (SIGINT/EW) products that enable our nation’s tactical warfighters to effectively utilize distributed grids of networked sensors, assets, and platforms for a variety of critical national security driven missions. We are looking for talented, passionate Engineers, Scientists, and Developers who are excited about using state of the art technologies to build user- centric products with a profound impact to the US defense and intelligence community. We are seeking to grow our highly capable engineering teams to build the best SIGINT products in the world. The successful candidate is an individual who is never satisfied with continuing with the status quo just because “it’s the way things have always been done”. Offices for this opportunity are in Austin, TX. For those outside of the Austin area, relocation assistance may be considered on a case by case basis. What You’ll Get to Do: As a Multi-Int Data Scientist, you will be responsible for analysis, design, development, and test of complex systems in the Signal Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) and Electronic Warfare (EW) domain. You will be a critical member of our product development team and will work as a part of an agile software development lifecycle to design, build, and analyze software that may span from enterprise to embedded sensor applications. You will take an active role in defining how to incorporate innovative data-driven techniques into our processing stack. If you are someone who takes pride in solving complex problems, this is the role for you. You should be passionate about finding innovative ways to incorporate data driven, analytical techniques to continuously improve our products. More About this Role: Duties and Responsibilities: Design and develop analytical tools and software while employing best practices such as proper unit testing Profile, analyze, and optimize implemented software to decrease latency in returning final product to end user while maintaining accuracy in product Prepare engineering analysis of projects and contribute technical content to proposal and planning efforts. Collaborate with hardware or software designers/engineers and analysts to develop, analyze, evaluate, and improve performance of the hardware, software, and systems which create our products Conduct rigorous statistical analysis for large sets of intelligence products (e.g., SIGINT, FISINT, ELINT, and PROFORMA) for purposes of quality assurance as well as design of improved collection/processing methods Optimize intelligence collection software algorithms Troubleshoot, root cause, and fix software and systems to include raw data analysis, networking, and configuring complex systems Define statistical metrics which quantify the performance of collection assets, processing algorithms, and data types. Design and implement software to calculate the defined metrics. You’ll Bring These Qualifications: Education & Experience: Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent and a minimum of 5 years of related experience Required Skills: Requires 2-4 years of in one or more mathematical scripting languages such as MATLAB, Python, Scilab, etc Willingness to research, determine, learn, and apply the best technology for a given application. Linux/Unix proficiency Strong foundation in object oriented programing Strong mathematical/statistical skills with understanding of Stochastic processes and Bayesian statistics Strong foundation in data analysis, inspecting and modeling data to improve current systems or design new systems Familiarity with version control software such as SVN or GIT US Citizenship required along with the ability to secure and retain a security clearance. These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: Familiarity with digital signal processing associated with modern signals Experience with statistical modeling and machine learning software (. Python Statistical and ML libraries, R, Stan, etc) Background in Big Data management Experience in NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB Background or interest in data-driven decision making and analytics (predictive analytics, probabilistic methods, statistical analysis) Experience with a DevOps process Familiarity with dependency management tools such as Maven Active DoD clearance Candidates who meet previous requirements with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or equivalent and have greater than 5 years of experience will also be considered. Familiarity with software defined radio (SDR) and related signal processing concepts Familiarity with Radio Frequency (RF) concepts What We can Offer You: We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post. Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives. We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities. We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities. For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success. Ticom Geomatics (TGI) is a subsidiary of CACI International, Inc. in Austin, Texas with ~200 employees.” We’ve recently been named by Austin American Statesman as one of the Top Places to Work in Austin. We are an industry leader in interoperable, mission-ready Time and Frequency Difference of Arrival (T/FDOA) Precision Geolocation systems and produce diverse portfolio of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) products spanning small lightweight sensors, rack-mounted deployments, cloud-based solutions which are deployed across the world. The commitment of our employees to "Engineering Results" is the catalyst that has propelled TGI to becoming a leader in software development, R&D, sensor development, and signal processing. Our engineering teams are highly adept at solving complex problems with the application of leading-edge technology solutions. Our work environment is highly focused yet casual with flexible schedules that enable each of our team members to achieve the work life balance that works for them. We provide highly competitive benefits package including a generous 401(k) contribution and Paid Time Off (PTO) policy. See additional positions at: http://careers.caci.com/page/show/TGIJobs Job Location US-Austin-TX-AUSTIN CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.