Microsoft is a highly innovative company that collaborates across disciplines to produce cutting edge cloud technology that changes our world. The Cloud Server Infrastructure (CSI) team in Microsoft’s Azure C+E division is responsible for delivering server infrastructure for Microsoft’s online services. The hardware for operating these services (over 200 and counting), comprises of hundreds of thousands of servers spread globally and applications that reach hundreds of millions of users every day. Our customer-base is growing rapidly, our infrastructure investments are multiplying and the size of our global infrastructure is increasing by the day - along with the scale of our challenges. Learn more about our team and projects here https://azure.microsoft.com/en- us/blog/ecosystem-momentum-positions-microsoft-s-project-olympus-as-de-facto- open-compute-standard/ We are seeking a motivated chip microarchitect to design important features of an Artificial Intelligence (AI) processor. Features are co-conceived with architects and experts in AI software and AI applications. The microarchitect will define features, write specification, and implement the logic at some level of precision depending of the feature. The development environment is highly collaborative and involves leveraging other teams as well as understanding customers’ and partners’ requirements. Development targets is for a sophisticated programmable AI processor in a cloud server environment. An appropriate candidate will be able to utilize a broad HW/SW background to independently tackle complex problems and provide innovative solutions. Responsibilities Contribute to the definition of an AI processor features Write specification Implement features at the logic level Performance and tradeoff analysis of innovative features Model performance, power, area, timing Interact with multiple software teams inside Microsoft Qualifications M.S. required. Computer Science or Electrical Engineering desired 5+ years of development experience in microarchitecture, logic design, implementation Skilled in working in a cross functional team environment Good communications skills including explaining/defending implementation directions, implementation choices, etc. The following is a plus: Experience in the field of Artificial Intelligence CSI-E AIMHire Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.