Purpose Provide administrative support to the Moody College of Communication's Technology Services and Facilities Management areas. Work closely with the Technology staff and the Facilities Manager. Essential Functions Monitors inbound support phone calls and emails, generating tickets within our Services Management software. Generates work orders with Zone Maintenance (via Worqs/ServiceNow) for simple, routine maintenance of Facilities issues and ITS (via ServiceNow) for simple, routine technology issues. For more complex issues, assigns tickets to Facilities or IT staff. Evaluates progress on these tasks and notifies area managers of issues. Reviews daily ticket activity. Provides weekly reports on Technology Services and Facilities ticket activity. Monitors team absences and reassigns tickets as a result. Administer regular customer satisfaction surveys and provide reports on findings. Receives procured inventory and tags as appropriate. Act as receiving contact for Moody technology purchases, updating databases and filing paperwork as required. Assist Facilities Manager with submission of WORQS/Service Now requests. Coordinate and assign work to part-time student workers, in the Facilities Managero's absence. Act as software license management contact for Moody College. Updates databases as required. May review statistics, drafts annual reports, and prepare charts, graphs, and administrative reports, as required. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree and one year of experience at the Administrative Assistant level, or high school graduation or GED, and five years of clerical experience, including one year of experience at the Administrative Assistant level. Proficiency with MS Word and Excel. Demonstrated problem solving ability and strong critical thinking skills. Ability to work efficiently and flexibly in a fast-paced environment. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent attention to detail and ability to multi-task. Regular and punctual attendance. Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to work independently and as part of a team. Professional demeanor. Demonstrated resourcefulness, initiative, and follow through in work situations. Ability to maintain confidentiality and discretion with sensitive data and information. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Skills scores Spelling (score on file) Typing (score on file) Preferred Qualifications Experience with work order systems. Experience with and knowledge of UT policies and procedures. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Lifting and moving Lift and move standard office files and supplies. Wear appropriate office attire; accept supervision. Work hours may include occasional evenings, weekends and some holidays during peak periods to meet deadlines. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus