About Berkeley The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world’s most iconic teaching and research institutions. Since 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world. Berkeley’s culture of openness, freedom and acceptance—academic and artistic, political and cultural—make it a very special place for students, faculty and staff. Berkeley is committed to hiring and developing staff who want to work in a high performing culture that supports the outstanding work of our faculty and students. In deciding whether to apply for a staff position at Berkeley, candidates are strongly encouraged to consider the alignment of the Berkeley Workplace Culture with their potential for success at http://jobs.berkeley.edu/why-berkeley.html. Application Review Date The First Review Date for this job is: 8/2/2018 Departmental Overview Information Security and Policy (ISP) provides policy and security oversight for institutional information and campus IT resources, providing a structured approach to information risk management for the campus. The position involves assessing the security of data and systems as the primary responsibility of the position. The role plans, designs, develops, implements and maintains assessment program to insure the integrity, reliability and security of data and systems. Responsibilities Applies professional IT security concepts and established procedures to select appropriate response to IT security incidents or assessment requests Uses professional concepts to assess security controls to prevent hackers from infiltrating campus information or jeopardizing web-based programs for the campus. Researches and analyzes security of systems, applications or processes and reports findings to higher level IT Security Analysts. Under general supervision, maintains security assessment systems and programs. Required Qualifications Knowledge of systems of IT security function. Knowledge of industry information security, and regulatory requirements Knowledge relating to the design of security programs. Knowledge of other areas of IT. Knowledge of department processes and procedures or ability to learn. Good interpersonal skills in order to work with both technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization. Good verbal and written communication skills. Good organization skills Bachelors degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training Salary & Benefits For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: http://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html How to Apply Please submit your cover letter and resume as a single attachment when applying. Conviction History Background This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct