The IS Service Desk Analyst is the helpful and friendly face of support for PAE employees, partners, and clients. This role is part of a geographically distributed support team, helping both local and remote users gain the most from PAE’s technology systems. Successful candidates are familiar with industry best-practices, have solid experience in Windows client OS and application support, and are self-motivated with a flair for positive human interaction. Who We Are: PAE is a pioneering mechanical and electrical engineering firm that continually sets the bar for sustainability in the built environment. From our offices in Portland, Eugene, Seattle, and San Francisco, we employ an integrated and responsive approach to project design that balances the environmental, economic, and social goals of every client we work with. PAE promotes a work environment that encourages creative problem-solving and the sharing of ideas through an open office environment and a culture of continuing education. Our portfolio includes more than 130 LEED rated or registered projects as well as dozens of projects that have either achieved or are pursuing the Living Building Challenge, Architecture 2030, Carbon Neutral, and Net Zero Energy / Net Zero Water status. A Triple Bottom Line firm, PAE’s success is measured not only by profit, but by our commitment to the environment, our employees, and our communities. Our Culture: At PAE, we like to think of ourselves as a little bit different from most engineering firms. Here’s why: We care intensely about envisioning and creating sustainable building systems, and work every day to break new ground in the world of sustainable design. We have a closer affinity to the visions of the architects we work with than more engineers we’ve met. We understand the need for beauty as well as practicality. We value creativity as much as we value precision—which is to say, we value both a great deal. We understand that visionary people—the people we want to hire—need to experience the world in order to change the world, and we try very hard to support that need. We are a firm that values and respects our staff, fosters an environment that encourages learning and growth, and is committed to the success of our clients. The Job: The IS Service Desk Analyst is the helpful and friendly face of support for PAE employees, partners, and clients. This role is part of a geographically distributed support team, helping both local and remote users gain the most from PAE’s technology systems. Successful candidates are familiar with industry best-practices, have solid experience in Windows client OS and application support, and are self-motivated with a flair for positive human interaction. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Provide front-line OS, application, and hardware support for local and remote end-users Perform user access and account management in Active Directory Support IT asset lifecycle management (procurement, imaging, deployment, tracking, dispositioning) for PAE-supported hardware and software Provide IT-related orientation and training for new hires Prepare, provision, maintain, and retire distributed technology systems (e.g., laptops, desktops, printers, phones, etc.) Prioritize, track, and document all service activities via Service Management (ticketing) system Provide timely incident management and service fulfillment activates in accordance with Service Level Objectives Execute all activities in compliance with established Information Security and IT Service Management controls (e.g., change, incident, and problem management) Support the testing, validation, and documentation of software and hardware systems Create and maintain support documentation for consumption by end-users and IS staff Occasional after-hours support for PAE projects, initiatives, and IT systems maintenance Create a positive customer support experience with a consummately professional attitude Qualifications: 2+ years of service desk support experience in a Windows-centric technology environment Associates Degree or equivalent experience Relevant Certifications; A+, HDI, Microsoft MTA, MCSA Core Requirements include functional knowledge and experience with: Windows desktop OS and application support Mobile device and application provisioning, maintenance, and management Networking concepts and troubleshooting, especially the TCP/IP protocol suite VoIP client configuration and troubleshooting Client hardware & peripheral configuration, provisioning and troubleshooting Multi-function printers and plotters File systems structure, permissions, and access support Active Directory User and Computers administration SLA-driven task management Other Professional Requirements: Strong verbal communication and documentation skills, including experience translating complex technical subjects in a way that is meaningful to the target audience Ability to maintain a professional, positive and friendly manner always Ability to multi-task, shift focus, and prioritize workflow with minimal supervision Ability to engage peers and leadership in process improvement and problem resolution Familiarity with ITIL/ITSM concepts Working Conditions: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. While performing the duties of the job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Direct Reports: This position has no supervision responsibilities. Salary: Commensurate with demonstrated skills and experience and to include a generous benefits package. Additional information about our highly-competitive benefits and additional company perks can be found at: http://pae- engineers.com/careers/benefits. _PAE Consulting Engineers, Inc. is proud to be an AA/EEO employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to characteristics protected by applicable local, state or federal law, such as race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information or sexual orientation._