Be part of a team that reinvents healthcare and go to work every day to improve peoples’ lives. Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. And so are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare. To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture that promotes employee growth, collaborative innovation, and inspired leadership. We are committed to creating an environment where employees can do their best work and where best- in-class talent comes, stays, and thrives! The Network Architect will focus on strategy and design and may be required to manage several initiatives at a time. The Network/Telecommunications Architect will work with business partners and IT partners to identify trends and define strategies. This information along with an understanding of change requirements, principles of business and IT strategies, engineering and service delivery, will guide solution decisions for all stakeholders. The Network/Telecommunications Architect will consult with IT management on complex, multi-faceted issues and provide guidance related to those issues. This team member will help Enterprise Architects (EA) influence decisions at all management levels to support enterprise strategies. What you’ll do Provide leadership and strategic direction for mission critical voice and network services for all enterprise business locations. Define network and telecommunications strategies and designs that can be managed by a vendor or hosted internally and support EA management disciplines. Define support requirements, perform TCO analysis, and analyze other relevant data elements in support of strategic planning and environment enhancement. Participate and lead in developing road maps describing the evolution of network and telecommunications solution portfolios from current state to future state. This includes analysis across domains to recommend changes within the roadmaps. Work with Enterprise Architects to define models, including solution patterns, to guide solution decisions for the entire enterprise. Collaborate with network and telecommunications teams to define roadmaps and strategies. Develop, communicate and maintain network and telecommunications standards. Ensure that all dependencies between domain architecture design and analysis work is documented in a structured fashion matching the EA framework and is stored in a common place. Provide leadership in governance activities associated with design and standards reviews Provide leadership for project activities related to networking and telecommunications. Direct the initiation of vendor agreements and relationships. Negotiate network and telecommunication contracts in conjunction with the contract managers to coordinate implementation, service contracts. What you’ll bring Bachelor’s degree, preferably in a technical or scientific field, or four (4) years’ work experience Six (6) years of design and implementation experience in IT with knowledge in a minimum of two of the following technical disciplines: Application Development Network Design Middleware Servers and storage Database management Operations Experience providing architecture services for enterprise networking and telecommunication. More than three (3) years of experience in client and vendor engagement. Proven project and business process management experience. Cisco CCIE or equivalent knowledge Avaya CM or equivalent knowledge. What we offer: Industry competitive salaries Exceptional Medical, vision and dental options Life and disability insurance Retirement programs (Yes! This includes a pension!) Workplace wellness programs Time off to reenergize Free parking And MORE! EOE - Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. LI-MF1