Job Description: At EXP, we know that great experiences start with the right people. We believe that work should be challenging, and the challenge should be fun. We also believe that exponential possibilities are more likely to occur with a respectful, satisfying and empowering company. We value and respect our employees - their experience and expertise as well as their energy, passion and diversity - and their innovative approach to work and to life. Your Challenge We are seeking an experienced and motivated BIM Model Manager to work in a flexible role located in our Glendale, CA office that includes multi-discipline building information modeling (BIM) management, engineering, for Life Sciences, Research and Development, Pharmaceutical, and Critical Facilities Projects. Work will be performed under supervision of senior staff. Your Responsibilities Provide REVIT and BIM training and troubleshooting for engineers and designers Assist in the development of BIM content Develop project BIM execution plans. Collaborate with design teams and general contractors to develop a project execution plans that identify BIM users, model LOD requirement and model collaboration protocols Manage Revit model hosting in a shared cloud environment Manage model exchanges Coordinate models at milestones and advise design team of major model element conflicts. Provide clash detection support Prepare aggregate models to support presentations Support the design team in performing lighting analysis and day-lighting simulation and photo-realistic renderings Support design team in the use of BIM processes and models to support LEED documentation, calculation and analysis Support Facility Management and Enhanced Model data fields and content in support of Client’s existing Facility Management software Attend design team and contractor coordination meetings to help resolve coordination issues among all trades Review contractor models to assess if the models are adhering to the design intent Provide record models Job Requirements: The Skills and Knowledge You Bring Associates Degree Minimum 2 years’ experience in related design of Life Sciences, Research and Development, Pharmaceutical, and Critical Facilities systems and building projects Ability to travel locally What exp Can Offer With a mission to understand, innovate, partner and deliver, EXP provides professional, technical and strategic services related to the world’s built and natural environments in six key practice areas: Buildings, Earth & Environment, Energy, Industrial, Infrastructure, and Sustainability. Our heritage dates back to 1906, when the earliest of EXP's predecessor companies started its engineering infrastructure practice in northern Ontario. Today, close to 3,000 creative EXP professionals across North America and around the globe provide the expertise and experience needed to deliver successful projects for clients. Our promise is to offer you a challenging career in a positive and dynamic work environment, and it's a promise we take seriously. Join a dynamic team at EXP that provides you with innovative projects, the capacity to develop your career, a full range of benefits, flexible working hours, and much more! When you explore what EXP has to offer, you’ll find exponential possibilities. For more information, visit www.exp.com. EXP U.S. Services is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran. LI-JH1