The State Board for Educator Certification will require all first time applicants for an initial credential to be fingerprinted as part of a national criminal background check. A cost of up to $49.00 will be charged for fingerprinting. PRIMARY PURPOSE: To ensure the smooth and efficient operation of an organized registrar’s office in order to coordinate the student body and staff toward the pursuit of maximizing quality student education. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: Maintain physical and computerized records including student cumulative folders, coordinate grading process, verification and correction of grades, progress and failure reports, test scores, scheduling, and student transfer process. Process new student records, including requesting records from other schools, setting up cumulative folder, and entering information into student database. Generate withdrawal records for withdrawing students, notify affected personnel. Collect, enter and maintain attendance into student database including the update of parent/doctor notes, daily attendance summary, six weeks attendance reports, and verify accuracy, according to established procedures. Prepare student data and teacher data for PEIMS reporting, verify for accuracy. Assist campus administration with preparation of reports and student data information. Review legal documents and identify legal requirements that affect students while at school. Demonstrates regular and prompt attendance. Perform other duties as assigned. GENERAL QUALIFICATION GUIDELINES Education/Certification/Experience: High School Diploma or GED Minimum two years of secretarial or accounting experience, preferably in public education environment. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Skills in accuracy in data entry and file maintenance. Ability to communicate effectively; manage multiple priorities and projects; use computer and application software; maintain accurate and auditable records; perform job requirements with limited supervision. Mental/Physical/Environmental Demands: Needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc. Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine, and computer printer. Ability to understand, remember, and communicate routine, factual information. Ability to organize and prioritize own work schedule on short-term basis. Ability to make decisions which have moderate impact on immediate work unit. Ability to compose letters, outlines, memoranda, and basic reports and/or to orally communicate technical information. Ability to add, subtract, multiply, divide and to record, balance and check results for accuracy. Use standard office equipment including personal computer and peripherals. Prolonged sitting; occasional bending/stooping, pushing/pulling, and twisting. Repetitive hand motions including frequent keyboarding and use of mouse; occasional reaching. Occasional light lifting and carrying (less than 15 pounds). Work with frequent interruptions. Maintain emotional control under stress. Equal Opportunity Employer 0 Email To A Friend Print Version