. This role can be based in Chicago, IL or Mount Olive, NJ This is an exciting time at Mars. We’re using digital, data and user insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. From joining the dots to improve our Petcare data ecosystem, to streamlining the efficiency and automation of our supply chain and quality operations, we’re already seeing some brilliant results. In fact, we’ve built so much momentum that we’re now looking for industry leaders in Business Translation, Data Science and Data Engineering with different and complementary skills to influence how we operate and grow beyond anything we’ve achieved before. Join us, and discover a company set up to develop your capabilities and ambitions and a group of colleagues ready to support and inspire you. Working together, we’ll create a better world for our planet, our communities and our pets. _What you’ll do_ Keeping the data flowing and readily available to solve problems as and when they need solving is core to what you’ll do. You might do that through Agile sprints or self-service analytics - it’s up to you. The day-to-day? You’ll be working within a sprint team building both new data pipelines and establishing or improving new platform capabilities. Without people in this crucial role treating data as an asset, we won’t be able to become the business we want to be. Working in a small Agile team alongside Global Analytics, Data, Source Systems, Business Translation and Integration colleagues, you’ll partner with Product Owners to establish and maintain the data pipelines (ETL/Batch/Streaming) within and between different technology platforms, such as SAP/SAP BW and Microsoft Azure. You’ll also work closely with users from our segments and markets around the world as part of SCRUM teams. This exposure will also give you the exciting opportunity to influence and contribute true ‘firsts’. That’s new and emerging approaches that Mars, and maybe even the industry, hasn’t seen before. Data integration, orchestration and automation – you’ll build data flow components of MVP analytic solutions. And you’ll do it across the entire Mars data landscape. That’s on premises, cloud, internal, external, formal & informal data. You’ll look to the future too. That means thinking about how data assets yet to come can be integrated into the end-to-end Mars data landscape. In everything you do, you’ll be thinking about the bigger business picture and making sure your solutions address specific business challenges. On top of that, you’ll work closely with the Enterprise Architecture function and other Mars Digital Technologies capabilities to ensure alignment with the Enterprise Architecture initiatives and capacity and infrastructure planning. _What you’ll need_ To do all this, you’ll need: Bachelors degree in IT, or similar experience At least 3 years data integration and a year data orchestration experience with Microsoft Azure In-depth experience of designing and implementing data flows and pipelines 2-3 years' experience as a Data Engineer is highly desirable Experience of working in an Agile (ideally SCRUM) team Comfortable being hands on with data, data modelling, query techniques Background in the Data management Space Experience of the FMCG/CPG industry A good understanding of and adherence to data security standards So, if you’ve got the skills we need and you’re looking for the opportunity to really make a mark in a world-renowned and supportive business going through a period of fast and massive digital transformation, this could be the role you’ve been waiting for. Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.