Advance Your Career at Liberty Mutual Insurance - A Fortune 100 Company Design & enhance a data ecosystem that will enable optimized consumer experiences and empower advanced analytics by improving data accessibility and providing technical expertise. Re-engineers business operations to improve business results and operational effectiveness. Evaluates complex business requirements and models data and / or system requirements. Provides governance, quality, integrity and timeliness of operational and analytics data for the enterprise. Establishes and enforces enterprise data policies, standards, practices and processes according to insurance industry best practices for all lines of business. Monitors the use of data to ensure careful control and effective use to achieve enterprise objectives. Possesses demonstrated technical knowledge and skills, including product and industry, reflective of successful progression through various job family levels. Provides guidance and assistance to lower level associates and other functional areas. Analyzes, documents and consults on complex business problems and provides recommendations based on research of industry trends, business products, competitors and performance analysis for optimal business solutions. Analyzes feasibility, cost ramifications, economies, or other aspects of large or complex programs. Assist in automating and strengthening data management controls by building robust systems with an eye on the long-term and ongoing maintenance and support of the applications Perform routine data investigations to profile and analyze data sets to address data quality and integrity. Build and implement tools to monitor data quality, while ensuring high quality data solutions. Able to manage security mechanisms that enable data access restrictions With an advanced understanding of the principles of data quality management, including metadata, lineage, and business definitions, implements data governance procedures and policies. Evaluate processes for gaps and inefficiencies and provide recommendations for improvement Demonstrate an understanding of the use of data to solve a business use case. Create an access strategy to ensure effective implementation across the enterprise. Develop and define data validation, verification, and reconciliation strategies to support data governance, stewardship, and security Be able to influence decision makers on the outcome of an initiative based on its perceived value. Works with stakeholders to define metrics that are impactful for the business Maintain close working relationship with data providers and partners, partnering with IT to collaborate on deliverables Help drive cross-team design and development of sustainable data driven solutions that meet the needs of the business customers through technical leadership and mentoring. Design and develop architecture solutions to meet the technical and business requirements. Able to work with stakeholders to design and execute iterative solution testing to ensure desired product specifications are met Qualifications: Strong written and oral communication skills required. Familiarity with Agile practices. Familiarity with process management a plus. 3-5 years coding experience in data management, data warehousing, or unstructured data environments. 1-3 years experience with Hadoop stack and NoSQL tools a plus. Benefits: We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Overview: At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed. We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual. Job: Strategy & Planning Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $92,100-$117,200 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time