The San Francisco Media Services Technical Specialist reports to the Senior Manager of Media Services and is responsible for supporting a wide range of circulated AV equipment in the San Francisco Media Center and classroom AV installations. They will perform circulation desk duties, support and train work-study students for classroom support, and help support special events on the San Francisco campus, as needed. Primary responsibilities include: overseeing the schedule for weekly AV classroom equipment maintenance and repair, creating and updating internal documentation for support of the San Francisco Media Center equipment circulation and San Francisco campus AV installations, and assisting with the maintenance and support of ongoing lecture capture and support for Timken Hall Auditorium. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: Maintain the circulation area and help to oversee and train work-study students. Works to ensure that AV and related hardware and teaching equipment on the San Francisco campus is well maintained and regularly serviced. Supports faculty delivery of curriculum by providing technical support for faculty, including training orientations, and creating and maintaining standardized documentation for classroom AV equipment. Troubleshoots a wide range of equipment/hardware issues to best support staff, faculty, and students on the San Francisco campus. Effectively troubleshoots problems and juggles many different tasks within a highly dynamic and demanding technical/educational environment. Maintains consistent San Francisco Media Center operations by assuming the duties of late or absent Media Services workers due to illness or other unforeseeable events. Awareness of, and interest in trends related to digital production and post-production related to audio, visual and peripheral gear and digital media. Assists with AV setups and removals for classroom support and special events needs. Assists with Special Events on the San Francisco campus as required. Assists with office work as needed. Assists with circulation counter duties as needed. Maintains a high level of safety, organization, and cleanliness. Ensures that college policies and regulations are respected on campus. Helps establish a steady workflow for maintenance and quality assurance, cleaning and repair of all equipment, including labs/classroom setups, and regular AV cable and smart classroom quality/functionality testing. Maintains, repairs and/or sends equipment out for repair as needed. Responsible for projector bulb replacement and inventory management of projector bulbs. Helps perform regular inventory of equipment in the San Francisco Media Center and classrooms. Regularly updates inventory in WebCheckout circulation database. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Strong customer service skills. Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent working experience and training. Extensive working/installation/troubleshooting experience with a wide array of media acquisition and presentation technologies including: Projectors SD & HD Video/DSLR/Tape Cameras Digital Media-based Audio Recorders DVD/BluRay/VHS Players Flat Screen LCD Monitors Apple Macintosh Laptops and iPads Strong AV Support proficiency A high-level of patience, especially dealing with high-pressured situations, as well as students or faculty with limited technical experience. Able to maintain a team-oriented, professional, and cooperative attitude at all times. Ability to apply technological innovations to Media Center office operations. Ability to lift equipment weighing 50 pounds. Software: Adobe Creative Suite iLife apps MS Word and Excel and similar Google Apps for Education proficiency Preferred Skills: Familiarity with WebCheckout and/or other inventory/checkout management software/Excel/Keynote/Powerpoint Experience managing employees Experience supporting digital media equipment in higher education Experience or education in the Arts Location San Francisco Additional Locations Application Instructions Applicants are required to attach a cover letter and resume. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Recommended document file formats are Word or PDF. If there are multiple attachments, we recommend compressing/zipping your files into a zip format file. There is also a place in the application for you to provide a link to large documents. Please submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. Applications are not kept on file for future positions. Application Deadline For staff positions, screening begins immediately and continues until the position is filled. EEO Statement As an educational and cultural institution, California College of the Arts has a responsibility to provide access and opportunities for all people, with special attention to supporting groups historically underrepresented in higher education. We believe that a culturally diverse campus is integral to academic excellence, and our student, faculty, staff, and trustee bodies should reflect the diverse world in which we live, with attention to race, ethnicity, religious creed, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, and ability. California College of the Arts is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applications from individuals who will contribute to its diversity. Questions? Please address any questions to hr@cca.edu .