Company Overview At Nuance, we empower people with the ability to seamlessly interact with their connected devices and the digital world around them. We are creating a world where technology thinks and acts the way people do by designing the most human, natural, and intuitive ways of interacting with technology. Our nimble technology uses analytics and advanced algorithms to transform the inanimate into animate and reduce complicated processes into simple ones. Join our Healthcare team...caring for clinicians the way they care for patients. Beyond words. We create technology that lets clinicians capture and document care quickly and easily so they can focus their attention on their patients. Join our Mobile team…intelligent systems now ready for the road. We are passionate about developing intelligent interfaces that enable people to talk to their cars, phones, devices, and other smart “things”. Join our Enterprise team…great customer service starts here. We design virtual assistants for intelligent and effortless customer service helping customers find the information they need using whatever channel they prefer. Join our Imaging team…greater document flexibility for more personal productivity. We are passionate about designing and building secure technology that empowers companies to gain control of their document management processes and ensure their proprietary and customer information is protected. Job Summary Senior Product Manager – Artificial Intelligence Solutions Are you excited about the possibilities of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning? Are you motivated to translate this cutting-edge technology into meaningful solutions that improve patient outcomes? Are you interested in working with a leading organization in Healthcare? If so, then look no further! Nuance Healthcare, a division of Nuance Communications, is the market leader in providing clinical understanding solutions that accurately capture and transform the patient story into meaningful, actionable information. Thousands of hospitals, providers, and payers worldwide trust Nuance speech enabled clinical documentation and analytics solutions to facilitate smarter, more efficient decisions, across the healthcare enterprise. With the Healthcare Division, the Diagnostics Line of Business is a leading provider of solutions for Radiology. This Senior Project Manager will be a member of the Product Management team that defines the strategy and roadmap for the Diagnostic portfolio of solutions. The rapid evolution in Artificial Intelligence is paving the way for a set of new solutions and product offering that fit with the Nuance product portfolio. This includes solutions leveraging innovation in image characterization as well as speech understanding. This director of product management will work with industry thought leaders, artificial intelligence research teams, development partners, clinical users, startups and pioneers as well as established players, to lay out a business case, strategy and product plan – including build, partner or buy proposals – to extend the Nuance Diagnostics portfolio with new franchise of value-added solutions, and will work closely with R &D and product management to realize this strategy within the context of the full Diagnostics portfolio. Responsibilities: Robust critical thinking and assessment of Clients, Industry, Business, Partners and Competition to define, build and maintain Roadmap for Artificial Intelligence based solutions. Business acumen and interpersonal skills to set up and manage partner relationships to pursue short and long-term goals of the AI strategy. Define, prioritize, and author use cases, user needs and requirements, and ensuring product requirements incorporate cross-functional needs. Evaluate the AI capabilities and competency of partners, competitors and individuals. Provide thought leadership to the healthcare and AI industry regarding Nuance’s activities. Establish and lead an advisory board to capture industry insights and fuel roadmap and solution requirements Use cross-functional leadership and influencing skills to ensure the full product portfolio helps maximize the benefit and contribution of AI-based capabilities Define key outcomes to support positioning and pricing, and drive activities to generate supporting evidence. Engage with clients, 3rd parties and internal capabilities to get access to training and validation data. Work closely with industry groups (ACR) and regulators (FDA) to ensure acceptance, support, and regulatory clearance of marketed solutions. Contribute to launch and go-to market activities as the subject matter expert. Qualifications: _Required_ 10+ years’ experience in a Product Manager or equivalent role for a software company Experience with Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Neural Networks; data selection and collection, training and tuning, and creating commercial solutions based on these technologies. Ability to build rapport and trust quickly with internal and external stakeholders, including physicians, scientists, and C-suite roles Strong Analytic Thinking Good business acumen Strong collaboration and influencing skills High energy, self starter, team player, delivers results Mastery of the English language with strong communication skills, both oral and written Bachelor’s in computer science, engineering, or other technical degree required _Desired_ MBA strongly desired. Clinical and operational experienced in a hospital environment Experience managing products that require medical device regulations and FDA submissions Experience in business development or partner management Computer programming experience Sound understanding and implementation of Pragmatic Marketing concepts Location: USA; Boston/Burlington, MA Travel: up to 25% Additional Information Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. Nuance Communication Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement is available here. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call 781-565-5086 – Human Resources Department and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. LI Code LI-TG1