Job Title: Apigee Architect Responsibilities: Design and develop REST APIs using Apigee Implement requirements of the API layer like security, custom analytics, throttling, caching, logging, monetization, request and response modifications etc. using Apigee Convert web services from SOAP to REST or vice-versa, using Apigee API management platform Create custom policies in Java, JavaScript, Node js, Python etc in Apigee Build and create shared flows for Error Handling, Security and other scenarios as deemed necessary Design and develop API platform to connect to various disparate backend systems for seamless data exchange Build API developer portal for service providers to on board app developers, add API documentation and customize using drupal Experience in Drupal portal with ability to extend functionality using Drupal modules Create REST API documentation using Swagger and YAML or similar tools Standardize the CI/CD setup for Apigee for automated deployment Automation of API testing using cucumber apickli or other testing frameworks Work as Dev-Ops for all Apigee related requests. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Apigee PL1 Required 2 API Connect PL1 Required 3 API layer PL1 Required 4 REST API PL1 Required 5 Swagger PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Irving, Texas, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 31 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.