Working for Equity Residential means being part of a community – employees and residents – striving to provide the best in apartment living, speaking boldly about new ideas for innovation, and inspiring creativity in the ways we live and work together. That’s what our Be.Think.Play.Live. culture is all about. Our Community Administrators are smart and savvy with a passion for customer service and a strong attention to detail. They directly interact with our residents and prospective residents on matters relating to account management. As a Community Administrator, you will accurately and efficiently prepare and assist with leasing paperwork, collect and post security deposits and rent, and generate necessary reports from the property management system (MRI) to monitor outstanding activities including delinquencies. As a Community Administrator, you will be responsible for accurate management of our resident accounts to achieve operational excellence, customer loyalty, and retention. You will handle the accounts receivable, accounts payable, and community collections to ensure accurate financial reporting. Additionally, you will act as a right hand to your Community Manager, providing leadership, delegation, and supervision to the office, service, and concierge teams and making important business decisions in his or her absence. This position requires a high degree of independence, accountability, and an ability to work with varying levels of supervision. Each day will be unique, requiring an ability to prioritize, multitask, think creatively, take initiative, and employ a diverse set of skills. WHO YOU ARE A Strong Communicator. Your writing and speaking skills are clear and effective, helping you connect well with others. A Team Player. You are united with teammates in delivering the best experience to current and prospective residents. Organized and Accountable. You have exceptional time management abilities and are able to juggle the needs of changing priorities at the community while accomplishing objectives. Analytical. You are comfortable working with numbers, interpreting financial statements, evaluating trends, and analyzing data. Levelheaded. You keep your cool during stressful situations and quickly find solutions. Flexible and Adaptable. You understand that the world does not exist through black and white lenses and embrace the opportunity to live in the gray. Confident and Decisive. You take initiative, trust your gut, and are not afraid to make a decision or deliver a difficult message. Solution-Oriented. You follow through on commitments, letting residents know that they matter. WHAT YOU’LL DO Connect people to community through effective leasing administration and communication with residents. Manage the leasing process by guiding the team through effective and accurate management of mortgage verifications, applications, lease agreements and addenda, employment and credit checks and move-in packets. Partner with the Central Business Group (CBG) to ensure accurate and efficient processing of all property operations on a monthly basis. Orchestrate accounting functions associated with the property, including processing invoices, paying bills, and assisting the Central Business Group (CBG) with collections, evictions, and managing resident accounts and charges. Maintain current knowledge of federal and state subsidy programs including regulatory requirements and deadlines (if applicable to your region/community). Collaborate with talented teammates to identify and solve any apartment issues that arise. REQUIREMENTS Minimum 2 years residential property management experience with working knowledge of tenant and eviction laws Familiarity and comfort with performance metrics, sales quotas, and financial concepts Demonstrated proficiency in working with computers including word processing, calendar management, software/database, and social media Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills High school diploma or equivalent Available to work a flexible schedule, including weekends PREFERRED EXPERIENCE College degree or related coursework in business, accounting, hospitality, or property management Prior experience in finance, accounting, or bookkeeping REWARDS We recognize everyone has different needs outside of work. That’s why, in addition to a competitive benefits package (medical, dental, vision and paid time off), we offer many unique options to employees, like adoption benefits and paid time off for community service projects. To learn more, view our Total Wellbeing page here.