Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play. SUMMARY Hulu’s Talent & Organization (TAO) team is seeking a Talent Advisor (more commonly known as an HR Business Partner) who will be an exceptional addition to our Talent Management team. As a Talent Advisor at Hulu, you will be a trusted resource for your assigned team(s) and the go-to partner from TAO for the team members, managers, and leaders that you support. The right person for this role has successfully coached business leaders, managers, and team members, and is viewed as a credible and influential partner across their current organization. If you are someone who thrives in a team environment, are a natural at dealing with employee relations issues, and are interested in working across Hulu to help us scale, then this is a great role for you. WHAT YOU’LL DO Partner directly with leadership within our Corporate functions (e.g. Finance, Legal, and Business Development) to help them achieve their business goals through talent management and programming. Serve as a trusted advisor to your assigned team(s) and business leaders around any talent issues they are facing, including: organizational design, role definition, career development, compensation, management & leadership coaching, change management, and in what ways to grow and scale. Reinforce Hulu’s high-performance culture by working closely with our managers on how to set clear performance expectations and provide ongoing and direct feedback. Partner with and advise managers through the performance management process on your assigned teams including performance improvement plans and various employee relations issues and terminations. Guide your teams through Hulu’s talent processes and programs, including: performance management and compensation reviews, headcount planning & organization management, and succession planning. Gain deep knowledge on the unique talent challenges of your assigned team and work with leaders and team members to address them. This will include career pathing/ job definition, retention strategies, partnering with Talent Development, and anything else having to do with retaining and engaging our talent. Identify trends and themes across the team and recommend modifications to existing talent programs and processes or, in some cases, the creation of new ones. Analyze and use data to guide decisions, in addition to what you know from being embedded within the team. Partner effectively across other parts of TAO: Talent Development, Compensation, Talent Acquisition, Internal Communications, HR Ops, and Workplace Experience ensuring that they are aware of organizational changes that could impact their work and have the right context to support the business well. Act as a culturally attuned, highly credible voice for Talent Management to the leadership team of the group you’re supporting. Contribute to the Talent Management team; be a steward for Hulu culture and bring your business’s perspective back to Talent Management initiatives. WHAT TO BRING 5 or more years of professional experience with demonstrated success in the key responsibilities for this role – namely executive and manager coaching, handling employee relations issues, and advising on organizational design. 5 or more years of successfully partnering with other Human Resources functions (i.e. Learning and Development, HR Operations, Recruiting, Facilities, Internal Communications, etc.) Undergraduate degree in Business, Organization Development, or relevant field Experience working directly with and supporting Executives/Business leaders Solid and proven understanding of employment law