The best places to work are filled with employees who are excited about their careers and feel empowered to push the limits of their potential. That’s what being an Armor Hero is all about! At Armor, innovation is realized each day. Every employee feels our passion, knows the vision and lives the company values. Everyone on the team — regardless of their professional background, department or position — learns right away that their role is important to Armor’s success. The ability to scale, innovate, design and deliver are made possible by our values. Why work here? Well just to start we offer a collaborative environment with whiteboard walls everywhere, open seating, snacks, drinks, awesome benefits, and awesome people! Oh, and yea, we still have scooters from the dot com boom, we bought them on clearance. Data Engineer Summary: Armor is seeking a talented and highly motivated individual who possesses both solid technical knowledge and excellent communication skill to fill the Data Engineer position. Data Engineer Essential Duties and Responsibilities: _(Additional duties may be assigned as required)_ Design, construct, install, test and maintain highly scalable data management systems Ensure systems meet business requirements and industry practices Research opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data Develop data set processes for data modeling, mining and production Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures Create custom software components (e.g. specialized UDFs) and analytics applications Employ a variety of languages and tools (e.g. scripting languages) to marry systems together Install and update disaster recovery procedures Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality Collaborate with data architects, modelers and IT team members on project goals Required Skills: 5+ years’ experience in Software Development 3+ years’ Hadoop-based technologies (e.g. MapReduce, Hbase, Spark/Storm, and Pig) or 3+ years’ ELK-based technologies (e.g. Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana) 2+ years’ SQL-based technologies (e.g. PostgreSQL and MySQL) 2+ years’ NoSQL technologies (e.g. Cassandra and MongoDB) Data modeling tools (e.g. ERWin, Enterprise Architect and Visio) Python, Java, Scala Data warehousing solutions Data mining Must be a team player with the ability to work with all parts of the organization Strong communication skills Problem solving skills and the ability to get the job done Must have interpersonal and negotiation skills Education And/Or Experience: High school diploma or general equivalence degree (GED) Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. The work environment may be in either an office setting, at the company’s data center, or at a third-party location for training. Equal Opportunity Employer _It is the policy of the company to comply with all employment laws and to afford equal employment opportunity to individuals in all aspects of employment, including in selection for job opportunities, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration protected by federal, state or local laws._ Armor Core Values Fight for the Greater Good : At Armor, we don’t take the title of “hero” lightly. We understand that our customers look to us for guidance through the increasingly treacherous threat landscape, often entrusting us with their vital assets: their data. Being a “hero” means that you are driven by a cause greater than yourself, driven to fight for what is right and just for the benefit of others. To answer this call, Armor Heroes must be morally right, virtuous servants. A vigorously trained, committed group devoted to protection and defense. Their unrelenting desire to destroy attackers and eliminate threats is innate. Their ultimate reward is the fulfillment in knowing that people have been protected. Relentless Security : We are a security company. It’s our top priority. It is why we exist. We never compromise in our effort to defend sensitive data and provide customers with the industry’s most secure environments. We volunteer our best every day and go to any length to ensure our customers are protected to the fullest extent possible. We do not believe in taking shortcuts to deliver services or protect our customers. Simply put, we want customers to rave about their experience with us. Embrace Change : When frequent and unexpected change becomes the only constant, Armor Heroes must be able to adapt quickly while remaining focused on delivering exceptional results for our customers. In the modern IT landscape, we don’t have the luxury of becoming set in our ways, especially when the threat landscape continues to evolve at a blistering pace. Being complacent not only puts our customers at risk but also the legacy we have built as champions for data security in the face of increasingly sophisticated threats. We are ardent believers in embracing change and leveraging it for the betterment of those we serve. Bad News First : We know that from time to time situations occur that are out of our control. We also acknowledge that no company or individual is perfect. We foster a culture that encourages a healthy degree of calculated risk-taking, which we believe drives creativity and innovation. While we strive for perfection, we encourage Heroes to bring issues to the table and recommend solutions. This corporate culture allows us to grow as a company, determine areas where we can improve, and work in an environment of honesty and openness. Tenacious Execution : When it comes to the security we provide our customers, good-enough service is simply not good enough. Armor believes in going beyond the expectations of our customers and providing them with a level of service that leaves them with a raving impression of our company and employees. We apply this same pursuit to our Heroes. We want our Heroes to rave about working at Armor. Their enthusiasm and passion will produce a higher quality of service that translates to a better customer experience. We understand the importance of this connection. Ultimately, our goal is to make every customer a Raving Fan. Check your Ego : We recognize that every employee brings experience and a unique skill set to the company. We value our diversity. No one individual is more important than another and that every contribution has significance in its own way. This is why our heroes check their ego at the door each day. This cultural mindset helps ensure that we work together effectively, as a team, to deliver the best security and service to our customers. Back Share Apply Now