SENIOR PROGRAM ASSOCIATE - Job 11092PH.18.003 POSTING TYPE: Open and Competitive DEPARTMENT: Public Health/Extension HOURS: 1.0 FTE (Monday-Friday) HIRING RANGE: $42,029.00 - 47,283.00 /year (105 Grade Level) LOCATION: Northern Service Center, West St Paul UNION: Teamsters 320 CLOSE DATE: 4:30 p.m. on 8/17/18 Come join us at Dakota County and "Be more"! The work County government does is unique. You will not be just another employee; you'll be a valued employee making a difference in the lives of Dakota County residents every single day. We employ nearly 1800 skilled individuals whose talents and contributions makes Dakota County a premier place to live and work. Will you be the next person to join us at Dakota County? The position assists public health and/or extension with programs and provides a variety of highly skilled administrative functions and tasks under limited supervision. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Associates Degree in business administration, human services or related field AND Two (2) years of progressively responsible administrative experience in an office environment. OR High School Diploma AND Four (4) years of administrative experience in an office environment. The current positions requires a typing speed of 45 WPM or more. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in working with diverse populations and clients with limited English proficiency Bilingual skills are desirable Experience in Public Health, Extension and/ordesirable. High level of skill with Microsoft Office applications Experience in electronic databases and records management systems Typing ability of at least 45 wpm for some positions DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES _These examples do not include all possible tasks in this work and do not limit the assignment of related tasks in any position of this classification. Regular attendance according to the position's management approved work schedule is required for all positions._ 1\. Serves as program or department liaison for community partners, customers, and clients in order to respond to inquiries or resolve service issues. 2\. Serves as a resource regarding information maintained in state and county databases, as well as tracking or updating information in state and county databases. 3\. Processes program information, verifies and enters information into appropriate data systems specific to program, assuring data integrity. 4\. Provides administrative support for multiple program areas, which may include accounting functions and insurance billing. 5\. Recommends and develops internal work methods and assists with establishing new procedures and processes to accommodate administrative and program activities. 6\. Coordinates initial screening for programs by assessing service needs in person or on the phone. 7\. Assesses applicant needs against available community resources and may assist with program application completion and submittal. 8\. May determine eligibility for certain programs, initiate client or provider contact. 9\. May provide administrative support to the departments or in support of programs, including but not limited to: organize, prepare, maintain forms, documents and other program materials; maintain office equipment, call for maintenance; process incoming and outgoing mail and faxes; photocopies documents and distributes to appropriate parties. 10\. Performs special projects in support of department programs. 11\. Other duties as assigned. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Appendix 2: Public Health APPENDIX 2: PUBLIC HEALTH/EXTENSION Essential Functions: 1\. Collects, maintains, and reports program information to ensure program services are delivered. 2\. Receives and resolves questions and concerns relating to specific program area and can solve complex issues. 3\. Coordinates intake process for department programs. 4\. Develops database tables, relationships, queries and reports in appropriate database. 5\. Serves as application administrator for specialized program software. 6\. Manages and maintains operational and program supplies to be in compliance with state and federal laws. 7\. Researches, evaluates findings, and makes recommendations on procurement matters, for cost efficiency and quality/safety compliance. 8\. Receives and secures cash and checks for program services and prepares deposit utilizing County and /or program systems and procedures. 9\. Prepares, verifies, and maintains required documentation for accounting transactions with include vendor coordination, purchase orders, new vendor setup, purchase authorization, invoice/transmittal processing i.e. auditing incoming invoices, assign payments for budget cost centers, generating payment to vendors, transfer of funds, revenue deposits; ability to process and complete work within established timelines. 10\. Manages special accounting projects requiring a broad understanding of procedures, processes and policy. 11\. Develops training materials and trains staff on the County financial system. Serves as a department representative for changing financial system implementation. 12\. Coordinates the maintenance, review, archival and approval process related to health resources, forms, policies and protocols. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES AND WORK ENVIRONMENT Knowledge of State, Federal and County guidelines for appropriate programs. Ability to deal effectively with multiple and sometimes conflicting demands while maintaining composure and professionalism. Ability to work effectively with clients and staff from diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Ability to recognize and comply with HIPAA and other data privacy regulations. Ability to audit and reconcile various financial records for accuracy related to program services. Knowledge of productivity application software (Microsoft Office, etc.). Understanding of mission and vision of department and program operational guidelines, business practices, staff needs, and client service outcomes. Considerable ability to conduct research, analyze, prioritize and coordinate work according to client and agency needs. Ability to utilize County electronic data management system to organize and manage confidential documents in a centralized method. Ability to make problem solve while demonstrating good judgment. Ability to work independently and as a team member. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work is performed in a County office building. Some of the work is sedentary and may have extensive use of computer. Incumbents may need to lift up to twenty pounds on an occasional basis. Travel may be required for some departments. SELECTION PROCESS: The examination/selection process for this classification will consist of a rating of your training and experience from the application materials submitted. The top scoring candidates will be forwarded to the hiring department for further consideration.