Requisition ID: 185087 Work Area: Software-Design and Development Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. SAP Cloud Architecture & Engineering is currently seeking a self-driven Senior Architect for the multi-cloud team in Palo Alto, CA. The candidate is responsible for strategic leadership, oversight and implementation of solutions and collateral developed by the Cloud Architecture & Engineering team. Leading cross-functional teams for efficient business operations are essential responsibilities of this leadership role. Working in a team environment, the Multi-cloud architect will be responsible for providing technology consulting to external customers and internal project teams. The focus of this role will be around AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform deployments for internal customers. Duties and Responsibilities Technology and business enablement advocate to advise the best practice methods in how to utilize IT to drive competitive advantage Provide expert guidance to customers, driving solution architecture, and ensuring solution strategy is optimally aligned with business strategy Ability to develop pre-sales material, detailed project plans and work breakdown structures Ability to develop Architecture Specification deliverables that map customer business requirements to solution / technologies Create and implement a solution roadmap and select the right infrastructure and technology platform or product based on in-depth knowledge of one and broad knowledge of other technologies Channel incoming inquiries and requests by internal and external stakeholders to appropriate resolution. Assist in the ongoing development and execution of the Quarterly Business Reviews, helping direct inbound requirements and coordinating responses while developing metric based business insights to aid in executive data driven decision making Education and Experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Information Systems, Computer Science, or an equivalent combination of education, certification, and experience 10+ years of technology related project management experience 5 years of experience of systems integration/administration within an agile organization implementing complex IT solutions 6+ years of customer interaction in a technical, technical sales, or technical leadership role Experience in working in AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Platform Expert knowledge in one and Advanced knowledge of at least two in the following technology areas Excellent presentation skills as you will be required to present to customers and at events Demonstrated experience and expertise selling solutions to business decision-makers by reinforcing the value of solutions Must be able to work onsite in Palo Alto, CA WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: