_WHY PILLAR? WHY NOT?_ Pillar Technology is a high-tech consulting company taking marketing and strategy by the horns, with an unmatched company culture. Inspired by the inventions of the future, we fuse software craftsmanship, creativity and innovation together to solve our clients’ most challenging problems. And the driving force behind it all? Our people—the Pillar family. _EXPERIENCE ARCHITECT, WHAT?_ Experience Architects are curious problem solvers with a tenacious desire to understand the user experience from start to finish. They work closely with our Experience Designers to provide them the info needed to create beautiful, functional digital experiences. Our Experience Architects are successful because they have: Background in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Human Factors, Interaction Design, Information Architecture, Ethnographic User Research, or equivalent. Experience as a key member of a DX, UX or design team working within a fast-paced, iterative, Agile environment. Strong knowledge of web, accessibility, design standards and creating artifacts—we’re talking wireframes, interactive prototypes, user personas, journey maps, story maps and user stories. Participated in the complete product development lifecycle of successfully launched digital products—beyond just web design, this also includes web and mobile apps, embedded systems and more. Ability to turn data into knowledge. Proven prowess to plan and conduct user research, including usability testing, interviews and contextual inquiries. Experience with tools like Axure, Sketch, InvisionApp and other prototyping and/or information architecture tools.. Strong portfolio demonstrating experience design for mobile apps, web apps or software—include this in your application please! Proven leadership skills by facilitating design sessions and leading creative discussions with teams and clients alike. _A DAY IN THE LIFE._ So that’s what an Experience Architect is, here’s a look at what to expect: Facilitating design thinking workshops. Communicating and guiding experience development in a multifunctional team. Iteratively adapting to changes in business, product, organization and individual needs. Clearly presenting creative ideas to clients and stakeholders. Rapid prototyping and wireframing clickable prototypes. User testing and user research like it’s your job—well, because it is. _ARE YOU A GAME CHANGER?_ Our mission is to provide an environment where people do what they love and feel empowered to influence change. Of course our open and flexible workspaces, fully-stocked fridge and pantry help create a thriving work ecosystem. But we also support this goal in ways that can’t be contained within four walls—so whether you are working at a client site or at home from your patio, the Forge mindset goes where you go. “No-constraints” thinking—we’re talking “change the world” kind of thinking. Team members who push you to succeed, because they expect you to do the same for them. Diverse and changing work environments. Learning, sharing and working closely with other team members because we take the “two heads are better than one” saying very seriously. A “Speed2Value” approach to solving problems and delivering value. Open communication across the company—direct, expert and personal. Active participation in Agile and software craftsmanship communities and we hope you do the same! Having a direct impact on projects by commuting across Southeast Michigan to work personally with clients, teams, community groups and candidates. _PERKS OF THE JOB._ So what’s in it for you, right? On top of “Creative Collision” lunches served up every Friday, we provide our team members with a dynamic and supportive environment that promotes a healthy work-life balance. Competitive compensation package including salary, medical, dental, vision, short and long-term disability, and life insurance. PTO to do literally whatever you want, and holidays off to spend with whoever you want. 401K with match, because we care about your future beyond Pillar. A flexible and customizable career growth path. Family is family—that’s why it’s important to us to offer adoption assistance, reimbursement of infertility treatment-related expenses, and maternity and paternity leave. Knowledge is power, so we’ll drop $500 a year for you to spend on continuous learning (conferences, books, workshops, etc.). One word—PillarCon—a weekend filled with fun and learning for Pillarites, their families and guests. Flexible work environment, because we know things just come up sometimes. LIKE WHAT YOU SEE? Now that you’ve got the goods on being a part of the Pillar family, we just have one question: Are you ready to unleash your potential? If so, let’s chat. Go ahead and click the “apply” button. Tell us a bit about yourself and one of our Talent Engagement Specialists will be in touch. For more info, check out our website, come to an event at the Forge or reach out and start a conversation with us. We’d love to talk! Pillar Technology is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). We strongly support diversity in the workplace.