Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. We offers the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through our network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Data Science is at the core of Convoy’s platform. We build the models that power freight pricing, shipment offer relevance, auction bidding strategy, and other core services. The breadth of the problems space is huge, spanning machine learning, optimization, causal inference, econometrics, and prediction domains. And we have only begun to dig into the difficult and diverse problems in our two-sided marketplace. At Convoy you will be expected to work autonomously and own your domain end- to-end. On Growth, we sprint on Convoy's hardest problems working to unlock new lines of business, new features, and optimizing how we approach pricing. You will be driving analysis, modeling, and experimentation projects. If you’re curious minded and are interested in joining a company that is pushing the envelope of data science, join us You will work on: Forecasting/Time Series Marketplace Dynamics Prediction/Classification Experimentation Causal Inference/Observational Data Analysis Operations Research You have the following skills and experience: BA, MS in economics/econometrics, statistics, computer science, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject Experience with scientific/statistical languages such as R, Python, or Julia 2+ years of experience doing statistical modeling for analysis and/or prediction Intelligent but practical; you want to get things done and love simplicity You have a habit of bias-to-action Nice to have: Experience with two-sided markets (platforms) and other economic theory Experience in bidding and pricing (e.g., quant experience) Experience designing machine learning solutions for a production environment Big data tools such as Spark, and/or Hadoop SQL fluency Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we are actively seeking a diverse team. If you're a collaborative team player who wants to have an outsized impact with a small, tight-knit team, we'd love to hear from you!