What does a Best Buy Deployment Functionality Technician (DFT) do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. The overnight Deployment Functionality Technician (DFT) is responsible for the implementation and functionality of the low voltage portions of Deployment Projects. This includes new interactive displays and IT network cabling and devices. They are solely responsible for the installation of the A/V infrastructure and for the maintenance and upkeep of all applicable merchandising standards. They use their merchandising and technical skills to complete the tasks associated with store Remodels, New Store Openings, Special Projects, and other company initiatives as assigned. 40% of your time you will: Implement new interactive displays and technologies during Remodels, Special Projects and New Store Openings 30% of your time you will: Install and maintain new and current IT and Audio/Video signal distribution in Best Buy stores and related company initiatives 20% of your time you will: Complete merchandising tasks, which include planogram assignments, clean and bright, implementing fixtures, signage and product security devices 10% of your time you will: Accountable for communicating and basic training of new displays and their functions to store employees What are the professional requirements of a Deployment Functionality Technician (DFT)? Basic Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent Must be 18 years or older Must be able to lift and move up to 50lbs Must be able to travel Must be willing and able to work overnight shifts Preferred Qualifications: 1 year of merchandising experience 1 year of cabling or IT experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.