Spirent Communications is where the world's leading communications companies turn when they need to accelerate their time-to-market for next-generation communication systems. In fact, every significant industry test in the last six years has used Spirent's test systems as the benchmark. We are continually recognized by customers, industry, press, and technology associations for our innovative thinking and our ground-breaking products. The communications market has untapped potential. The boundaries of how fast, far, and accurately voice and data can be transmitted have yet to be reached, or even defined. Spirent solutions are paving the way for tomorrow's communications. Why Spirent.... Because together we can shape tomorrow Spirent offers unique career opportunities where you can set your innovative spirit free. Our customers look to us to provide services and products that are at the forefront of the telecom industry. We are large enough to provide a wide-range of opportunities, but small enough for you to make an impact. Spirent is its people and when you join Spirent, you will work alongside some of the best subject matter experts in the industry. Success is important to us and so is having a work/life balance. We believe that you should be able to pursue your career aspirations in an innovative and creative environment, as well as explore your personal passions. At Spirent, we want you to love your work and your life too! Your journey begins here. So, let's discover the future together - apply today! Requisition Number 4256 Job Category Global Services Job Location Redmond, WA Responsibilities Responsible for translating the client's business requirements into specific systems, applications or process designs for very large complex technology solutions and integrating architecture. Acts as an advocate for the client as the ultimate authority on the architecture designed to address client business problems. Provides direction for design activities. Senior wireless packet core technologist will provide both strategic and tactical technical on-site support for LTE, UMTS, GPRS and IMS wireless operator account. This position requires a strong combination of technical and business acumen and the ability to effectively manage multiple projects and resources. Provide a consistent interface to the customer for all aspects of technical and engineering activity. Serve as the technical lead on Spirent responses to customer technical issues and questions. Remain active in network implementation and testing activities through customer network acceptance. Primary focus will be 70% technical, 20% Project management and 10% business. Job Requirements Bachelor's Degrees in technical focus, or equivalent course work in data and telecommunications with a strong marketing background. Master's degree with a technology focus is preferred. Intermediate level Hands on Landslide knowledge: Installation, Upgrade, downgrade, database backup, log gathering. Data message flow configuration and modification. VoLTE Call flow knowledge. 5+ years' experience technically leading successful initiatives implementing IP core infrastructure that enables IP multimedia applications for mobile operators Must have direct experience with LTE, CDMA, good to have, GPRS, and UMTS, IMS functional elements and technologies. A complete understanding of data communications concepts as well as existing and future 3GPP and 3GPP2 network architectures. Extensive knowledge of wireless technology such as: X-CSCF, PCRF, HSS, AAA, SGSN, GGSN, Home Agent, WAP Gateway, DPI Solutions and Billing systems. Extensive knowledge of wireless protocols such as: PPP, IPv4, IPv6, Proxy Mobile IP, GTP, Iu, Gb, Radius, Diameter. Advanced technical acumen in 3GPP Packet Core and IMS network architectures. Self-motivated and strong track record for developing and executing technical support for UMTS, GPRS, LTE and IP Multimedia solutions with wireless operators. Experience interfacing with wireless operators and network equipment vendors preferably in one of the following roles: Sales Engineer, Consultant, Product Management or Marketing Engineer. Experience with installation, testing and development of IP based applications into the Service provider market a plus. Self-motivated and track record for completing projects on time. Excellent oral and written interpersonal communication skills. Comfortable working exclusively onsite at client location.