INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION OF ARIZONA Senior Lead Applications Developer (Salesforce Administrator) 800 W. Washington Phoenix, AZ Are you ready to work for an exceptional state agency that works to protect the life, health and welfare of the employees in the State of Arizona? Apply with us! The Industrial Commission of Arizona (ICA) is committed to the highest standards of compliance, demonstrating leadership in all areas, and teaching and working with employers and employees to make them successful. A thriving workforce in Arizona is what we strive for and work towards each day. The ICA is currently looking for an exceptional individual to join the Management Information Systems (MIS) team. The individual appointed to this position will be responsible for the day-to-day administration, configuration, and development of the ICA Salesforce Cloud implementation vital to the operations of the Workers’ Compensation Claims, Administrative Law Judge, and Legal case management systems. The individual appointed to this position will be responsible for functioning as the primary Salesforce administrator for the ICA which will include administration and development related to Salesforce, Mulesoft and Drawloop. Additional duties include: supporting production systems; analyzing and resolving production problems in a timely manner; engaging with business analysts and stakeholders to understand functional requirements, and contribute to completion of functional specifications. As a State of Arizona agency, the ICA offers an excellent benefits package, including top-ranked retirement and long-term disability plans, affordable medical, dental, vision, life and short-term disability plans, 10 paid holidays per year, 13 paid vacation days and 12 paid sick days per year, and a deferred compensation plan option. REQUIREMENTS AZ Driver’s License Required In-State travel is required. Requires possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver’s license appropriate to the assignment. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver’s license record checks, must maintain acceptable driving records and must complete any required driver training (see A.A.C R2-10-207 (12). Employees may be required to use their own transportation, as well as maintaining valid motor vehicle insurance and current Arizona vehicle registration; however, mileage will be reimbursed. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES Knowledge of: Salesforce Service Cloud administration and development. Mulesoft AnyPoint platform. Nintex Drawloop administration and configuration. Windows Server Operating System. Windows 7 and 10 Operating Systems. Windows Active Directory environments. Programming language and methodologies. Microsoft SQL Database administration. Adobe eSign configuration. Google GSuite administration. Microsoft Productivity applications, including Word, Excel and Visio. Skill in: Customer service. Effective verbal and written communication. Problem-solving, troubleshooting, and ingenuity. Planning/organization, multi-tasking, and time management. Attention to detail. Document management support. Ability to: Communicate effectively. Develop and write technical documentation. Learn and develop in new programming languages, APIs, and platforms. Evaluate and test emerging technologies. Apply creative solutions to business problems to ensure business needs are most effectively met. Balance, prioritize, and organize multiple tasks. Work collaboratively in teams and across organizations. Synthesize feedback and adjust plans accordingly. Build strong relationships inside and outside the organization. Recognize and engage those with different backgrounds, characteristics, and perspectives to bridge gaps in understanding of differing viewpoints, as well as ensuring persons with diverse perspectives are given the opportunity to collaborate and provide input. IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidates will have: Bachelor’s degree. Five or more years of programming, database and analysis experience (or equivalent experience). APPLICATION INFORMATION All newly hired employees are subject to E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification. The ICA is an Equal Employment Opportunity Agency. Arizona State Government is an EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. During all phases of the application and selection process, people with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation by contacting the ICA’s Human Resources Department at (602) 542-5559.