Responsible for the design, development, and execution of automated and manual data Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL), integration, and exchange processes across the enterprise. Will recommend, implement, develop and utilize innovative tools and processes to efficiently, rapidly, and securely acquire, integrate, and provision large sets of data from and to thousands of sources. Responsible for the efficient, compliant, timely, and secure acquisition, integration, provision, and exchange of the enterprise data. Job Responsibilities: Provide data integration architecture leadership across the enterprise. Develop and document technical best practices for ETL-related activities including data movement, data aggregation, data quality, and data cleansing. Work with the Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence team to design, implement, and support end-to-end data solutions across multiple platforms, environments, domains, and locations. Work with external vendors and internal business and technology staff to accurately gather and interpret requirements, specifications, and database models to determine appropriate ETL development solutions. Create, execute, and document unit test plans for ETL and data integration processes and programs. Document ETL processes, programs and solutions as per established standards. Monitor and administer automated and manual data integration and ETL jobs to verify execution and measure performance. Work with internal staff, vendors, consultants, and external partners to quickly identify and resolve data integration and ETL job issues. Assess and document the structure, quality, and compliance of data source data and coordinate with business and technology staff to identify and resolve issues. Mentor other Data Management team members in the ETL tools, programs, processes, and best practices. Ensure compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Complete all required compliance training. Maintain knowledge of and adhere to Flagstar's internal compliance policies and procedures. Take responsibility to keep up to date with changing regulations and policies. Job Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related field plus, 7 years of development experience preferred – OR – 10 years of comparable work experience as described below 7 years of experience designing, developing, testing, and implementing Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) solutions using enterprise ETL tools (preferably IBM DataStage and Oracle PL/SQL) - OR - 10 years of comparable work experience 6 years of experience developing and implementing data integration and data warehouse solutions in an Oracle 11g/12c database environment 2 years of experience working with Business Intelligence tools (IBM Cognos is preferred) 2 years of experience working in a Service- Oriented Architecture (SOA) environment 1 year experience in 10+ TB data environment Expertise in Relational Database Management System, Data Mart and Data Warehouse design Expert-level SQL and PL/SQL development skills in a multi-tier environment Expertise in flat file formats, XML within PL/SQL, and file format conversion Strong understanding of SDLC and Agile Methodologies Strong understanding of model driven development Strong understanding of ETL best practices Proven strength in interpreting customer business needs and translating them into application and operational requirements Strong problem solving skills and analytic skills with proven strength in applying root cause analysis Expertise and hands-on experience in designing and building technical solutions using best practices and applicable technologies; an ability to demonstrate strong coding skills Expertise in working with technical and business teams to extract and document data integration/exchange requirements Ability to exhibit a strong understanding of business process Ability to communicate verbally and in technical writing to all levels of the organization in a proactive, contextually appropriate manner Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills at all levels Dedicated to excellence in one’s work; strong organizational skills; detail-oriented and thorough Able to prioritize work by dividing time, attention and effort between current project workload and on-going support tasks Must be willing to work overtime, including weekends, when required Proficiency in an industry-leading ETL tool such as IBM Infosphere Information Server or Informatica PowerCenter (preferred) Internal Use Only: Band E