Responsible for performing hardware and software tasks face to face with internal users or after hours in a fast paced work environment at client locations. The IT Project Technician will spend a significant portion of the day on their feet unboxing and installing hardware. This position will require excellent customer service and quick decision making skills to identify and resolve internal user's technical inquiries, interacting directly with the customers. (Will be responsible for support in all regional branches) Responsibilities (Will be responsible for support in all regional branches) Conduct on-site repairs for internal customers in a Windows and MAC environment Troubleshooting to diagnose issues; replace/swap out equipment Light phone support; documentation of issue resolution Provide hardware support on laptops, desktops, and printers System imaging and deployment, refresh and upgrade projects Qualifications Qualified candidates will have experience with hardware and software support, troubleshooting, system imaging, hardware break-fix support (i.e. laptops, desktops, and printers), refresh, upgrade and deployment projects as well as excellent customer service skills in a corporate environment. A+, MCSE, MCP certifications are a plus Occasional travel required (less than 25%) P2 Why work for Us? PCM Offers: We offer an environment for career-driven individuals seeking to make a solid contribution to our company objectives and their own career enhancement. If you want to work in a challenging, performance-based environment and be rewarded for your efforts, then PCM is the place to build your career. PCM offers a competitive base salary, bonus, 401K with a company match and medical/dental benefits as well as an Employee Purchase Plan, company sponsored discount programs and paid time off. PCM is more than an IT provider: we are a trusted technology partner for thousands of businesses across the country specializing in cloud, data center, mobility, networking, security, and software solutions. PCM: The right technology, delivered! We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Disclaimer: PCM extends offers of employment only to qualified candidates who have applied for a position using our official application through our career site, iCims. Please be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment or "phishing" actions that may come from individuals or entities impersonating PCM. PCM will not solicit money or banking information from applicants. Once employment has been confirmed and as part of the onboarding process, new hires will receive instructions from PCM to set up their direct deposit information from our payroll department.