- Operating a hospital is more than IV bags and trauma rooms. One might be surprised by the number of people – and the hats they wear – who work behind the scenes to make sure a hospital runs smoothly and safely for our patients, visitors and staff. Each one plays a critical role and is part of a team to ensure the best care for our patients. The Clinical Data Abstraction (CDA) Team is responsible for the validation of the clinical quality metrics related to MACRA/MIPS Program by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) starting 2017. Also known as the Macravalidation Team. This team of six is critical to our organization. We provide to you an environment that is very fast pace and ever changing. The Senior Quality Manager will be required to do validation, supervise the abstractors/validators, and work with the internal and external stakeholders for successful implementation of the validation related to ACO/STARS/HEDIS measures which will be submitted to CMS on a yearly basis. They will not only provide supervisory responsibilities managing a team of six, but will also be acting as working manager responsible for validating Cerner building measures and entering it into Healthyeintent registry. You will not only be leading a group of dedicated individuals but you will have the opportunity to stay very involved in everyday operations. Your pay and benefits (Total Rewards) are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life. - About Banner Health Corporate Within Banner Health Corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. We offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. Whether your background is in Human Resources, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Managed Care Programs or Public Relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position provides managerial support to Quality Management team and assists in providing effective operations and improvement of quality management services, including hospital-wide performance improvement, regulatory compliance, individual case analysis and follow-up including sentinel events, and decision support. All work processed by the incumbent is considered confidential and protected from discovery, pursuant to state statutes. Essential Functions Assists in assuring the provision of accurate and reliable data acquisition and analysis to support clinical and administrative decision-making. Manages significant clinical event process, including identification, investigation, and coordination of root cause analysis, process improvement, tracking, and reporting. Assists in the coordination of activities to assure compliance with accreditation and regulatory requirements (e.g. JCAHO, DHS, HCFA). Participates in the hiring, training and conducting of performance evaluations and directs the workflow for the department staff. Provides leadership assistance to Quality Management staff to achieve optimal clinical, operational, patient safety, financial and satisfaction outcomes. Serves as a primary resource to staff and administration in the absence of the director. Participates in the development of the department budget in conjunction with established goals and objectives. Plays a key role in ensuring budgetary goals are met on an annual basis. Participates in the development and implementation of Quality Mgmt Services goals and objectives and process improvements. Ensures all goals and objectives are met timely and effectively. Minimum Qualifications Requires a bachelors degree in appropriate healthcare-related field. For positions in Hospital Operations: Must have a working knowledge of hospital operations, medical/nursing staff procedures, hospital and community resources.For positions in Medicaid or Insurance Division: Must have working knowledge of Quality Management processes including audits and performance improvement plans and root analysis Requires excellent leadership skills and an ability to interact well across departments, facilities, and organizations. Excellent organizational, human relations and communication skills are required to maintain good rapport and effective working relationships with internal and external customers. A working knowledge of the medical staff organization, risk management, regulatory programs, and data management and analysis is required. Preferred Qualifications Masters degree and Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ) certification preferred. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.