\------- Summary \------- On the Connected Fitness Data Engineering team we design and build data-driven products to support our Connected Fitness community. We develop software that processes data at scale and serves it to drive insights to our users. We make it easier to discover and access data via the right tools and systems across the organization. We educate our co-workers on using data-driven approaches and techniques. We innovate by applying machine learning, statistics and analytic approaches to drive innovation in our business domain. As a Software Engineer you will provide technical leadership on a team of Data Engineers at Under Armour. You will focus on ensuring that the Connected Fitness data pipelines are providing value to our business and products through the design, implementation and integration of technical solutions. You can bring thought leadership and educate other teams around data platforms and data-driven products. You will improve process & methodologies to make the team more effective and impactful, bring excellent interpersonal skills, and are biased towards action. Essential Duties and Responsibilities. You will design and evaluate various techniques to handle and process large-volume of semi-structured and structured data. You will build and maintain data pipelines, create service layer APIs to serve data, as well as drive data discovery and access. You will work closely with team and create new engineering processes as necessary, champion standard methodologies, and promote overall operational excellence. You will communicate within and across teams to solve problems and hit team goals. You will build working relationships across matrixed teams in order to deliver product. \--------------------------- Education and/or Experience \--------------------------- BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience 4+ years of data or software engineering experience 3+ years of experience with data engineering technologies at scale Extensive experience with a modern data pipeline ecosystem Proficient in at least one SQL dialect Strong skills in a scripting language Experience with workflow management tools Experience with a scalable messaging system (e.g Kafka, SQS, Kinesis) and different data serialization (e.g. json, protobuf, avro) A consistent track record of on-time delivery with high quality Ability to interpret and analyze data Ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies Has an understanding of good software development practices/patterns/architecture \-------------------- Bonus Qualifications \-------------------- Experience with Spark, Hive, Presto Experience with S3, Redshift and other AWS technologies Experience with Airflow Experience with Kafka, json, avro Experience with Scala, Java, Python Experience with health, food and exercise related data An awareness of privacy and security by design principles is a plus