POSITION PROFILE Domain Specialist in: Customer Communication Management and Mail Services The role provides guidance to Ricoh's Strategic & Enterprise Named Customers. The role requires a highly knowledgeable subject matter expert (SME) with strong business and technology savvy in the area of Customer Communications Management and Mail Services (CCMMS). The Services Engineer is a domain specialist focused on identifying client opportunities where we can provide targeted services, within Ricoh Premium Offerings. Collaborates with customers, Partner Executive, Client Executive and ESS to develop strategy, plans, and budgets to leverage relevant and practical services and technology to meet their business needs and requirements. The CCMMS SME is specifically responsible for executing on the agreed upon strategy developed by the account team leveraging their expertise in CCMMS. This includes external representation of a body of knowledge through trade and industry-focused publications, events, blogs, etc. to demonstrate domain expertise. In addition to adding value to the customer experience, expanding revenue and profitability in the customer base is an important objective. This individual will operate within a team selling environment working with the sales professional, consultants and other Ricoh specialists, providing a unified voice to the client. The role is also tasked with establishing, managing and maintaining C-level client relationships and key account decision makers for Ricoh that may or may not exist, within the current team selling environment. Job Duties and REsponsibilities Technical Domain Expertise in the area of CCMMS : Preference will be to individuals that display proven competency and expertise in the following areas: inbound mail services; marketing solutions; print & mail continuity; critical communications; electronic bill presentment; intelligent delivery services; production print & mail; and return mail services Possesses excellent oral communication skills; speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations. The CCMMS Service Engineer will be focused to a product suite that includes solutions in 4 key areas: enhanced output management; tracking & compliance; workflow automation; and postal optimization Possesses ability to interpret variety of instructions furnished in written/oral/diagram/schedule form. Ability to read and comprehend written technical information. Possesses ability to work in fast paced and changing environment. Possesses excellent telephone skills in order to articulate a message via conference call. Understands business implications of decisions; aligns work with strategic goals, is cost conscious. Exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions. Responsible for defining customer business requirements; designing solution (hardware; software; re-engineered workflow; labor on-site/off-site) to achieve customer business objectives; and obtaining operational validation to insure successful implementation of services Effective strategist with experience researching and examining industry data, trends, issues, etc.; with an ability to interpret and analyze information and share best practices and advice with c-level executives. Develops a strong rapport with senior leaders in multiple client environments. The Service Engineer will be responsible for the planning and execution of on-site analyses - either directly or as Project Manager - and will lead the delivery of study findings to the customer stakeholders.. The CCMMS Service Engineer requires managing multiple projects spanning several different industries. The CCMMS Service Engineer is accountable for successfully executing on components of the strategy defined in collaboration with the Partner Executive, Client Executive and ESS Achieving assigned revenue targets and appropriately documenting case activity. Qualifications This position requires a minimum of a bachelor's degree in a related field, with an advanced degree preferred; 5- 10 years' related experience in business and technology; or an equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Must demonstrate mastery of analytical methodology - planning, analysis, validation, design; implementation Must demonstrate mastery of analytical tactics - focused interviews; surveys; on-site observation; workflow diagrams (Visio) Must have verifiable success in the development of a documented sales strategy that incorporates the expertise of multiple individuals to achieve agreed upon goals and revenue targets. Demonstrated experience in identifying the key decision makers, influencers and users that significantly impact the probability of achieving forecasted revenue targets. Verifiable experience is applying the appropriate level of time and resources in support of achieving revenue targets. Must be experienced in setting goals by defining and prioritizing specific and realistic objectives. Must understand the buying cycles and methodologies associated with Strategic customers and be able to accurately forecast revenue and define solutions that deliver profitability. Strong, proven experience exhibiting business analysis skills, project management skills, executive skills, technical skills, and a deep understanding of industry trends is required. Expertise in researching industries, technologies, and customers to ensure the appropriate level of intelligence during sales engagements. This position requires 75% plus travel. Ricoh is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.