Overview Work Week: Tuesday to Saturday, 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM The Import Agent I (Air) is responsible for "breaking apart" consolidated freight shipments imported into the US via air carriers. The Import Agent I (Air) is engaged in the preparation of files, distribution of documents, collection of funds associated with the breakdown (break bulk) of import consolidations. Responsibilities Support efficient "break down" of consolidated freight shipments imported into the US. Compile master airway bills and support breaking down consolidations into house airway bills. Verify system generated information with actual documents and ensure accuracy. Maintain files: enter file data, including but not limited to - opening the file, entering and updating online system(s) with applicable data elements; billing the file; issuing applicable forms and documents, and closing the file. Notify vendors of arrival of shipments, distribute documentation, track movement of shipments from origin to destination which may involve arranging release and delivery at destination according to customer requirements. Proactively communicate status of shipments and process “exceptions” (shipments on delayed flights, split shipments etc). Handle accounting processes as they apply to the Air Import department. Prints invoices for HAWB. Amend incorrect air freight rates, transfer fees; revise prepaid/collect charges; file claims in cases of damaged goods. Communicate effectively with oversea offices, agents, customers and domestic clients regarding shipments. Perform other duties and projects as assigned. Qualifications A High School Diploma or GED is required. At least one (1) year of experience in an air import department of a freight forwarder or custom house broker. Must possess excellent data entry skills and customer service skills with the ability to grasp extensive knowledge while dealing with a variety of clients. Understand the processes and terminology involved in international shipping from time of purchase order placement to delivery of cargo at ultimate destination Must have strong organizational and time management skills. Must have professionalism to communicate and work effectively with clients. Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities. _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required._ Benefits Yusen offers a generous Employee Benefits Package including: Medical, Dental, and Vision beginning the 1st of the month following start date 401k with a company match Flexible Spending Accounts, Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance, Short & Long Term Disability, Tuition Assistance Program, Commuter Benefits, vacation, and much more. _Any and all benefits offered are subject to the eligibility requirements, terms, and provisions set forth in the respective policies and plan documents, which you may request from Human Resources._ About Yusen Logistics (Americas ) As a part of the NYK Group, Yusen Logistics (Americas) Inc. performs a key role in keeping world trade moving by offering air and ocean freight forwarding, global warehousing, reverse logistics, intermodal and multimodal transportation, and supply chain solutions to some of the world’s largest industries. For more information, please visit our website at www.yusen- logistics.com. _Yusen Logistics (Americas) Inc. is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, citizenship status, uniform service member status, age, disability, sexual and gender orientation, genetic information or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. This commitment extends to all aspects of the company’s employment practices including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, promoting, transferring, compensation, benefits, training, leaves of absence, termination, and other terms and conditions of employment._