Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interaction s with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more atwww.conduent.com. If you meet the requirements of this position and want to work for a world- class company with a great marketplace reputation, apply today. Title: Junior SQL Data Developer Position Overview: Defines data processes and procedures to satisfy requirements. Defines operating procedures and metrics via available elements in production databases, and assist with related communications. Responsible for troubleshooting and resolution of technical issues, and escalates to management as needed. Develops working relationships with internal stakeholders to ensure seamless delivery on specific tasks, special projects and/or participant issues. Primary Responsibilities: Design and implement complex SQL procedures against various production databases for decision support purposes Responsible for the integration of applications like Tableau with production databases Development and monitoring of data migration/transfer processes utilizing SQL Server, flat file manipulation, FTP utilization, and UNIX servers Develop working relationships with internal stakeholders to ensure seamless delivery on specific tasks, special projects and/or participant issues. Participate in internal communications on standard processes and reporting. Troubleshoot application and data issues and direct to the appropriate contacts. Manage complex projects and work requests with consistent accuracy and completeness. Work collaboratively and productively to troubleshoot and resolve issues. Preferred Qualifications: 1+ years SQL programming experience Experience with UNIX platforms Bachelor's degree in related fields Python experience a plus Tableau experience a plus Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the “Submit” button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form.