We are looking for local developers in the Los Angeles, CA area with a minimum of 4 years of experience in the required skills below. This role requires an intricate understanding of PHP development to execute and complete projects, including website development and CMS integration, e-commerce site development and processes, third-party integrations, server environments, and other general programming expertise. You will be required to maintain and grow strong relationships with the development and agency teams, and support business growth. The right candidate will have: 3-5 years experience in a similar role Strong background in PHP Development using OOP and design principles using PHP Frameworks Version control using git Confident using MySQL, creating and adjusting relational database schemas Familiarity setting up and managing a LEMP development environment using the Linux command line Solid understanding of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Experience consuming third-party APIs Ability to quickly make sense of and update existing code bases Successful track record of looking at requirements, putting together estimates, and delivering projects successfully and on schedule Ability to self-direct, be organized, be detail oriented and able to set and meet deadlines Passion for the interactive and social-marketing industry Eager-to-learn attitude Ability to work with others in a demanding, fast-paced environment Ability to develop positive relationships, and to self-manage time and deliverables Ability to both collaborate with team members and to work independently Ability to manage 2-3 projects simultaneously Strong oral and written communication skills Strong attention to detail The right candidate should be familiar with: Website and application programming technologies and concepts Project management collaboration systems (e.g. Google Docs, Shared Calendars, Teamwork, Trello, etc.) Google AdWords, Google Analytics, social media monitoring/insights platforms and management tools Responsibilities: Exhibit a strong understanding of programming concepts and methodologies Interact effectively with agency team, clients, vendors and partner agencies Ensure project status, roadblocks, and needs are properly communicated to project managers Work with senior development team to schedule work sessions to accelerate learning Communicate effectively with the direct manager on all project details, including timelines, deadlines, risks, and escalation items Demonstrate the ability to multi-task across multiple projects Know when and how to properly ask questions Self-directed, organized, detail oriented and able to set and meet deadlines Possess knowledge of agency services and ability to talk intelligently about agency at internal and external meetings and industry functions Understand and evolve an understanding of client’s strategic goals Communicate and assist in the development of client plans, strategies, and deliverables around strategic goals Demonstrate creativity and conceptual thinking on client projects Stay on top of new technologies and best practices Preferred Skills: Software testing using PHPUnit Process automation and build tool experience JS Frontend Framework experience with good design patterns (SPAs, widgets, VueJS, AngularJS, etc) React Native Thank you for reading through our job description, we look forward to hearing from you! Brian, Jenna, Josh, Leyli and Shen! About Prove At Prove, we help our clients capture more sales, leads and users. Our deep technical capabilities help our clients grow faster by making them more relevant to more people. The engineering team at Prove is dedicated to providing clients with high- quality development and project management services. We pride ourselves on our craft and our ability to grow our client's businesses faster. We build websites, web applications, data integrations and mobile apps for clients as well as extensive development work in support of marketing. We are currently a team of five with plenty of interesting projects in the pipeline and we are currently hiring two more developers who can support our growth! Prove is a culture-centric company, putting a lot of value on the wellbeing of our team. We are ownership and growth thinkers who challenge and support each other. We have a high employee retention, a majority of our employees have been on the team over three years, many over five! Many are friends outside of the office and get together on the weekends. We are all bonded by the desire to ship code and support our client's growth. Benefits We offer our full-time employees a great benefits package: Paid time off, vacation, sick, discretionary and birthday leave HMO/PPO medical Dental Vision Matching 401k Paid life insurance Office perks: Weekly catered lunches, fruit, snacks, stocked fridge, beverages on tap (kombucha, cold brew, carbonated water, Einstök beer), foosball, pool table, tabletop arcade, standing desks and puppies! Our Values We value individual growth, mentorship and support fulfillment in your professional life. We value cross training with our diverse full-service digital marketing agency. Engineers work directly alongside peers from other departments. We value flexibility. We support alternatives to the traditional in-person, 9am to 5pm, 40-hour work week. Engineers have flexibility in their work hours and/or locations. We value light meetings. Our engineers are expected to attend very few meetings each week in recognition that their productivity requires long, uninterrupted time blocks. We value collaboration. When tackling tough problems we commonly pair program. We value start-to-finish ownership. We value programming and deploying code in short cycles. We value continuous curiosity-driven learning and trying out new technologies. We value hard work, smart work but our families, personal emergencies and life events are a priority. There are no expectations of working crazy hours nor choosing between deadlines and life outside of work. We put a lot of time ensuring our projects are well scoped.