Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description Within the Enterprise Business Services Technology (EBST) group in PVSI & Community Bank Technology (CBT), there is an exciting opportunity for a Java/Web Services/Adobe LiveCycle developer who will be involved in developing, implementing and supporting incremental projects for enterprise releases. The position will be part of the development team working in several critical middleware applications like FORMS & Retail Web Services (RWS). The team is looking for a self-motivated/self-directed applications developer/engineer who has experience working on an application(s) that is a web service provider. More specifically, an application that provides multiple web services interacts with multiple SOR/back end systems, communicating via SOAP/REST/JSON messaging over HTTP/s or MQ. Candidates will be responsible for the following but not limited to: As a senior developer, you will be responsible for the design, develop and unit tests Java based web services (SOAP/REST) and familiarity with micro-services implementation is must. Participate in requirement, design discussions, and come up with solution according to functional specifications. As a SME s/he needs to understand complex business requirements and processes through effective analysis (which includes participation in project JAR/JAD sessions and working with other SMEs, architects, business/technology partners to come up solution. Translate highly complex business requirements into technical solutions through efficient design and using appropriate tools and technologies Provides support for overall systems testing and implementation into the production Work with analysis and business teams and provide solution for business problems Implement and test unit tests following TDD/BDD/Shift Left methodology as part of SDLC. Create necessary design documentation. Adhere to the established SDLC processes and best practices Troubleshooting production issues and solution implementation Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience 7+ years of JavaEE experience 7+ years of Java experience 5+ years of RESTful or SOAP web services 2+ years of experience in microservices development Desired Qualifications Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 3+ years of Agile experience SQL experience XML (Extensible Markup Language) experience JDBC experience JMS (Java Message Service) experience Linux experience Knowledge and understanding of test driven application development 3+ years of experience with Waterfall and Agile project methodologies Ability to positively influence, motivate, and direct diverse teams in a shift based, decentralized, and geographically dispersed environment Other Desired Qualifications Knowledge and/or implementation experience with Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Shift Left testing and using Jacoco for code coverage. Proven experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large scale Java/J2EE projects, utilizing best design patterns, tooling and coding practices Proven experience in using JDBC and PL/SQL queries in Java with Oracle/DB2 Experience with SoapUI (or similar tool) for web services simulation testing Deep implementation knowledge on Micro-services architecture, framework and design patterns Job Expectations Ability to travel up to 10% of the time Flexibility to work in a 24/7 environment, including weekends and holidays Ability to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduled Street Address MN-Minneapolis: 255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.