Position Summary With the continued growth of the Company, we are looking for a Manager to join our growing team of data analytics experts and business analysts and manage the processes, people and projects surrounding data analytics, data governance, and continuous business process improvement. The ideal candidate has a knack for seeing solutions in sprawling data sets and process environments and the business mindset to convert insights into strategic opportunities for our Company. The IT Strategy Manager will work closely with leaders across various business units to support and implement high-quality technological solutions. This individual will provide thought leadership to usher the Company into an era of advanced data modeling, predictive modeling and analytical techniques to interpret key findings from internal and external data and leverage these insights into initiatives that will support business outcomes. Additionally, they will manage the Company’s data governance and change management effort and drive consistent reporting by designing and creating optimal processes and procedures for the IT Strategy team to follow. _Salary and level will be commensurate with experience._ __ Essential Job Functions Lead cross-functional projects employing existing and/or new advanced technological solutions to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities. Oversee the development and maintenance of data analytics tools, reporting systems, dashboards and performance metrics support that support key business decisions. Design and build technical processes to address business issues. Oversee the design and delivery of reports and insights that analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics. Recruit, train, develop and supervise a team of data analytics, data governance and project management employees. Ensure accuracy of data and deliverables of reporting employees with comprehensive policies and processes. Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering, visualization and communication deliverables. Examine, interpret and report results of analytical initiatives to stakeholders in leadership across multiple business units. Oversee the data/report requests process: tracking requests submitted, prioritization, approval, etc. Develop and implement quality controls and departmental standards to ensure quality standards and organizational expectations. Anticipate future demands of initiatives related to people, technology, budget and business within your department as it relates to the needs of the overall organization and design/implement solutions to meet these needs. Organize and drive successful completion of data insight initiatives through effective management of analyst and data employees and effective collaboration with stakeholders. Communicate results and business impacts of insight initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the company. Learn functionality of relevant business application systems in order to generate ideas for potential solutions to requests _This job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities of the position. Incumbents will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and duties outside of their normal responsibilities as assigned by their supervisor._ Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related field 8 combined years of relevant IT analytics, process improvement and/or project management experience 5 years of oil & gas industry experience 3 years of experience in a supervisor or management role Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources. Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries. Experience creating and supporting solutions using Power BI SQL Server Integration Services SQL Server Analysis Services SQL Server Reporting Services Experience working with and creating databases and dashboards using all relevant data to inform decisions. Experience managing and deploying data governance processes Experience managing projects around the implementation of technology solutions/applications through to effective user adoption/change management procedures Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities. Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously. Excellent communication, collaboration and delegation skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills Physical requirements and working conditions: Must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer, stamina to maintain attention to detail despite interruptions, strength to lift and carry files weighing up to 20 pounds; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen, and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. Physical requirements and working conditions: Must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer, stamina to maintain attention to detail despite interruptions, strength to lift and carry files weighing up to 20 pounds; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen, and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. _The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Preferred Qualifications Experience with solutions and tools surrounding predictive analytics and artificial intelligence Experience managing and/or working within certain oil & gas applications Enertia Open Wells EMK3 Maestro FDG