About the role As a Director Data Platform Modernization and Analytics, you will actively participate in presales activities including public presentations, workshops and estimations. You will have a practice leadership role in transitioning sales from qualifying to closing by working closely with the sales team and other technical consultants. You will be the expert in advising our clients on the various practical options to modernize data platform and analytics strategy, roadmap and implementation aligning with the Avanade platform engineering, offerings, and integration goals. You will work closely with program managers and bid teams to maximize the business development capacity and leverage Avanade capabilities. You will identify the business value needed by our clients and shape solutions that span the entire life cycle of projects within the Region. You will be the expert in advising our leadership and our clients on the various practical options for a data platform modernization, IoT and Self Service Analytics implementation aligning with the Avanade platform engineering, offerings, and integration goals. In addition, you will be expected to provide hands-on leadership in all aspects of achieving the growth of the team including technical leadership to hands-on architecture, solution design, and development. Day-to-day, you will: Work with offering leads and sales team to position and pitch data platform modernization, IoT and Self Service Analytics solutions that target realization of business value for our Clients Train, coach and mentor team on Data Engineering, Architecture and Analytics to drive outcomes for our clients’ business Partner with regional Microsoft and Accenture team to jointly plan and target mutual clients with well-defined data platform modernization, IoT and Self Service Analytics offerings. Assist with qualifying opportunities, undertake exploratory meetings with the sales director and the client to drive to a solution, proposal, and to close the deal Consult clients through requirement gathering and collaboratively defining a solution Deliver strategic analytics solutions from design, prototype to deployment and operation Create practical new business applications based on innovative technologies Participate in all aspects of sales activities, including demonstrations, data strategy and KPI definitions workshops, and proof of concepts Oversee the ongoing development and operations of a data and analytics strategy, high-level architecture that enables fact-based decision making, ad hoc analysis and insight generation Collaborate with end users to identify needs and opportunities for improved data integration, data aggregation and reporting solutions Develop and streamline processes regarding data flow and quality to improve data accuracy, viability and value Mentor the Analytics Team and other service lines for cross-team collaboration and matrixed team optimization relating to data and analytics solutions Participate in the hiring of new permanent staff and contractors Travel as needed. Qualifications About You: You are an experienced leader with a proactive and participative management style. You instill and reinforce a strong customer service and business- oriented ethic. You have excellent client-facing and internal team leadership communication skills and can confidently communicate to all levels of the business from operational to executive. You have extensive pre-sales solution envisioning experience and data projects delivery experience, building demonstrations, estimates, proposal development capabilities, ability to develop client presentations and conduct workshops. You possess a good understanding of sales strategies, tactics and cycles and demonstrate good problem solving and analytical skills. About Avanade Avanade leads in providing innovative digital services, business solutions and design-led experiences for its clients, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals combine technology, business and industry expertise to build and deploy solutions to realize results for clients and their customers. Avanade has 27,000 digitally connected people across 23 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. We welcome all, and seek talented individuals who can bring their whole self to work, build inclusive teams and encourage diversity inside and outside the organization. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com. Requisition ID - 52945 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.