Summary: The Texas Stars are accepting applications for two Communications Game Day Assistants for the 2018-19 season. The Communications Assistant is a season-long, part-time opportunity. College credit can be accepted, but is not required. This position reports to the Director of Broadcasting and Media Relations. The Communications Assistant will be required to attend all Texas Stars home games and some practices at H-E-B Center at Cedar Park in Cedar Park, Texas. They will also be required to attend some team functions throughout the season. This is an exceptional opportunity to gain hands-on experience with a professional sports franchise and is a fundamental stepping stone in finding a full-time Communications / Media Relations position in the sports industry. Essential Functions: Assist the Director of Broadcasting & Media Relations with day-to-day duties. Manage the press box on game nights. Organize and distribute game notes packets prior to games. Help with pregame press meals in the media room. Assist with in-game and postgame media needs including distributing statistics, coordinating player media interviews, uploading highlights and more. Contribute to the writing of press releases, game recaps & in-depth stories for TexasStars.com. Handle credentialing for media and visiting team personnel. Assist in coordinating game-day video interviews after the team’s practices. Organize and assist in collecting of media clips from newspapers and online articles. Provide both written and video content for the Stars’ website and social media initiatives. Assist in the team’s social media efforts and work with the other game-day assistants to live-tweet road game broadcasts (approx. 12-15 games). Other duties as assigned. This is not a play-by-play position, but the right candidate could earn the opportunity to serve as the team’s intermission host on broadcasts. Requirements: Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Flexible hours with ability to work all home games, including nights and weekends, plus some game-day practices when available. Availability to monitor some road games online. Ability to balance multiple responsibilities. Be punctual with an exceptional work ethic and professional demeanor. Creative thinker. Must possess a basic knowledge of hockey and a passion for sports. Strong computer skills with proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, Internet Research, and Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat). Adobe Photoshop and video editing program experience a plus. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to stand, walk, sit, use hands and fingers, handle objects and office tools, reach, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, talk, and hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. The employee is exposed to an office environment, with noise levels usually moderate. Texas Stars, Limited Partnership is an Equal Opportunity Employer