Additional Locations: Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: Boston Scientific’s Human Resource Rotational Development Program (HRDP) is a two year Human Resource program consisting of four six month rotations within the HR function to develop HR expertise and enhance business acumen. Based on business need, potential rotations include HR Operations, Compensation, Benefits, Talent Management, Business Partnership or Project Management support the SVP, Human Resources. Each rotation is planned to provide learning and exposure to strategic HR projects that add value to the organization. Your responsibilities include: Throughout the program you’ll work with dedicated Human Resources professional who can help guide you and offer new perspectives. You will work on projects that provide value to Human Resource and the business, collaborate with cross functional teams, and complete individual stretch assignments to provide exposure and build your expertise in different functions within Human Resources. Strong communication skills are important to present your work and contribute through team projects. What we’re looking for: Entry level Human Resources professional OR rising senior with an undergraduate major or concentration in Human Resources or related major from an accredited college or university (minimum 3.0 GPA) for the Marlborough location. After training, ability to work independently with minimal direction Demonstrated strong ability of analysis, problem solving, initiative and communication Utilize independent judgment and decision making Desire for building a career within Human Resources The Boston Scientific Human Resources Development Program is based in the Marlborough location. About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 430395 Nearest Major Market: Boston Job Segment: Medical, Medical Technology, Project Manager, HR, Healthcare, Technology, Entry Level, Human Resources