Overview Technology Architect with Strong Public/Private Cloud Expertise; High Availability / Disaster Recovery in multi-VM implementations. Technology Architects define deployment configurations so that InterSystems’ products will meet the needs of very large (often regional, national, and international) enterprises. They define the technical architectures that will meet scalability, high availability, disaster recovery and security requirements for mission critical applications. Technology Architects also define procedures and practices for application deployment and system management. They conduct and support benchmarking and other testing to ensure our products meet scalability and high availability goals, and work with development to identify and resolve product issues. They ensure that we learn from customer deployments to continuously improve future configuration designs. Responsibilities Work with development to drive desired company objectives for systems architecture (encompassing platform, high availability, scalability, security and the use of third party software) Support Sales in fulfilling RFI (Request for Information) & RFP (Request for Proposal) responses Advise Customer IT management and technical staff Consult with implementation teams to review/approve configurations “as built” System specialist to define operational procedures and practices Qualifications Experience (minimum 10 years) deploying enterprise solutions, in a role of technical leadership and responsibility Strong hands-on technology background dealing with complex application performance and infrastructure issues Broad current knowledge of server, storage and networking product lines; familiar with current recommended practices for secure deployments; fluent in existing and emerging standards Experience designing high availability and disaster recovery infrastructures Development experience with database and application integration technology Extensive Public and Private Cloud implementation experience Understanding of, and hands on experience with containerization technologies Strong oral and written presentation skills. Proven success at interacting with CTO/CIO level of large enterprises. Understands enterprise needs and can demonstrate to technology boards that our solutions meet their technical needs. High-energy, self-motivated, results-oriented with a “get it done” attitude. Capable of working effectively in a team setting. Ability to handle changes in direction and work priorities with ease; is positive and level-headed under pressure; adaptable. Education and Training University degree or equivalent work experience; advanced degree preferred Experience with InterSystems technology, financial and healthcare systems highly desirable