Job Description: A rare opportunity to leverage your energy and acumen to shape business decisions with senior leaders in the fast-paced, growing wireless industry. Your experience and driven nature will transform an analytics team servicing the intelligence needs of a multi-billion dollar procurement organization. Your ability to develop creative solutions for complex business problems will be prized for its excellence and the impact it delivers to T-Mobile’s bottom line. Your confidence and influential collaborative leadership will make you a trusted partner throughout the Enterprise. STUFF YOU’LL DO Extract, cleanse and transform data to conduct targeted cost analyses. Prepare should-cost and other financial models to illustrate excess margins present within pricing proposals. Translate analytics, including benchmarking, into actionable content to enable timely and relevant decision-making Work closely with managers and executives to clarify market dynamics and global industry trends relevant to our business and deliver insights and recommendations that support complex negotiations. Identify and use relevant analytical tools in the marketplace to build a factual basis in preparation of negotiations. Develop & maintain spend reporting for internal clients. Develop in-house analytical tools customized to meet specific organizational needs Responsibilities: Sourcing Analytics Sourcing and Negotiation Analysis: Think out of the box and draw upon your deep procurement analysis expertise to develop insightful sourcing strategies and negotiation tactics. Recognize savings opportunities that will deliver improvements to our bottom line. Category Strategy Development: Be the trusted partner for category managers and business leaders. Support development of category strategies using high-impact procurement analysis techniques to guide investment strategy. Demand Management Improvement: Collaborate with our Network Supply Chain organization to introduce efficiencies that deliver leading commercial outcomes to maintain supply chain best practices. Sourcing Intelligence Process and Technology Development: Get in on the ground floor and build up T-Mobile’s sourcing intelligence program. Supplier and Category Knowledge Base Development: Develop and maintain Supplier Tiering and Category Portfolio reporting. Develop new spend cube reporting solutions that influence client behavior and lead to cost reductions. Devise and execute solutions for benchmark databases. Category Support: Flex your muscles to offer ongoing Category and Supplier Spend Analysis. Develop real time baseline tracking. Respond to ad-hoc spend intelligence needs, and deliver fact-base analyses that support delivery to category strategies. Market Research & Analysis: Sink your teeth into public market intelligence to identify relevant data that influences our client’s Supplier assessments and pricing evaluations. Procurement Operational Analytics Performance Management Metrics: As part of a Centre of Excellence, be a key driver in in the transformation of the Procurement business into a best-in-class organization by implementing the ROSMA performance management model. Develop KPIs and technology-driven dashboards & analytics. Pipeline and Project Management: Exercise your project management experience to continuously improve T-Mobile’s procurement performance. Implement pipeline management systems & processes that maximize our speed to market advantage. Benefits Tracking: Transform T-Mobile’s benefits forecasting, validation and sign-off processes to recognize delivery performance against cash flow and bottom line opportunities. Establish methodologies that result in budget benefits and savings. Create and maintain real-time reports & dashboards that highlight and celebrate Procurement’s value to our organization. Project Management Relationship Development: Develop positive working relationships with key stakeholders and manage project expectations. Project Planning: Define scope, plan milestones & timelines, provide regular status updates. Team Leadership: Form and lead small cross-functional project teams. Qualifications: What you’ll need to be successful. Business Management Mindset Agile and Organized – You can flex between head-up and head-down work. You’re capable of digesting large amounts of information, and quickly preparing clear communications to stakeholders. Entrepreneurial and Initiative-Seeking– You’re willing to challenge status quo. You sense potential for new opportunities and don’t wait. You’re capable of taking initiative and getting the ball rolling on new value-driving projects. Perpetually Curious – You seek meaningful understanding of business needs & situations. Always on the lookout to make connections between subject domains, processes, business problems, and organizations. Analytical Problem Solver - Analysis is at the core of what we do. You can “do the math,” analyze large amounts of data, ask the right questions, and deliver impactful findings. Professional – You understand that strong, positive, professional relationships with your stakeholders is critical to both your success and theirs. Team Player – Your teammates have your back. You have theirs. You leverage their strengths to make your work better, and they do the same. Alone, you’re great. As a team, you’re excellent. Integrity – You do the right thing, even when no one is looking. You’re naturally driven and productive, and work with energy, transparency, and rigor. Qualifications Minimum Requirements Relevant experience analyzing data or creating analytical solutions to business problems Strong written and verbal communication skills Demonstrate leadership in managing projects and spearheading new initiatives Able to see the bigger picture and not get lost in the data Knowledge of analytical tools such as MS Office, SQL, statistical programs Experience in a multi-level organization in a cross-functional capacity 3-5 years equivalent work experience in relevant procurement and/or financial analytics role. Desired Skills Proven success delivering Procurement-Specific analyses, such as strategic cost modeling, total-cost of ownership, teardown analysis, financial cost baselining, benchmarking, RFP analytics, price trending & forecasting, etc. Experience with Procurement-Specific Tools: Ariba, SAP, Trade Extensions, Coupa (or similar) Background in decision science & statistical analysis. Data Management background: MS Excel. SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access, or similar. Data Visualization Tools & Techniques: Tableau, PowerBI, PowerView, Qlikview or similar. Minimum Qualifications: Education (Minimum Required) Bachelors Degree in Finance, Economics, Supply Chain Management or other quantitative discipline. Business negotiations training preferred. License or Certification CPSM® ISM Certification or similar procurement certification Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.