Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution- oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. Behind every advertising campaign at Google are systems to make it run. Behind those systems are Googlers who advise and partner with our users and customers. As a Business Operations Manager, you'll manage a book of business in the ad auction space for Google’s largest customers, program manage large global initiatives, and make smart decisions and build processes to enable vendors, sales, and our customers. Your knowledge of online media combined with your execution skills and business agility would address the business needs of Google's key clients. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Engage with cross-functional partners globally to lead projects, overcome challenges and drive business and operations forward. Lead and motivate others around you, being mindful of global inclusivity. Act as an expert for Google’s advertiser products working with internal stakeholders and clients to realize business goals in the market and to identify new business opportunities. Prioritize and deliver outstanding customer service through your own efforts and through working with vendors and internal partners to drive internal operations to meet efficiency, speed, and quality goals. Understand requirements, provide and communicate complex information and solutions around applying ad products and technologies and share guidance/best practices. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of work experience in consulting, operations, or customer experience in relevant industry. Preferred qualifications: 4 years of familiarity and experience in ad operations or experience in the online advertising industry. Experience working with vendors and large global teams. Working knowledge of SQL databases and spreadsheet suites. Ability to work independently at scale and manage multiple global projects simultaneously while paying strict attention to detail. Demonstrated communication skills, creative problem-solving skills, and strong analytical skills on complex topics. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.