At Yelp, FP&A is a critical partner in all aspects of the business, and regularly contributes to company decision-making and direction. Business partners are eager for your financial expertise and value your help in understanding, tracking and managing finances and resources to achieve company goals. If you are someone who enjoys this type of FP&A environment and is looking to make an important impact to Yelp, then come join our growing team! Business Partner FP&A Associate Analysts are hands-on authors of the financial forecasting, reporting, and analysis that powers Yelp and our executive decision-making. We are looking for curious financial minds with a knack for modeling and possess first-rate Excel skills. Attention to detail is of equal importance to being able to see the big picture, and successful analysts here are well organized, flexible and play well with others throughout the company. The role also requires strong understanding of financial statements and working knowledge of GAAP accounting. This position is part of a highly collaborative FP&A team where excellent communication skills play a big part in our success. FP &A Associate Analyst, Local Sales Business Partner Support annual planning and monthly forecasting for the Local Sales business line; build clear, accurate, and easily updated forecast models. Support business leader revenue forecasting, develop and monitor key performance indicators, highlight trends, and analyze variances to provide valuable insight and recommendations across the business. Develop “what-if” scenarios to help leaders understand the range of business performance results that may occur in light of recent trends and operational changes. Collaborate with Corporate FP&A partners to consolidate the financials and distill ongoing and evolving business conditions and trends that will drive management decisions and action. Prepare presentations for business unit leaders and executive staff. Partner with the Financial Systems and Business Intelligence teams on initiatives to improve FP&A’s forecasting and reporting capabilities Perform financial analysis of large projects, new initiatives, and investment plans Requirements: Strong business acumen in Finance Advanced analytical and financial modeling skills High standards of accuracy and precision; superb attention to detail Comfortable completing projects on tight timeframes with limited direct supervision Ability to learn systems quickly; experience with SQL, Tableau, Oracle and Anaplan is desirable Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently in a fast-paced and rapidly changing and ambiguous environment Excellent customer focus and ability to partner with internal customers. Sense of humor and a great fit with Yelp’s adventurous culture. Qualifications: 1+ years of progressive experience in finance or related field Publicly traded, high-growth technology company experience Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. LI-KN1