The Department of Family and Protective Services seeks an Application Architect to help build an overall and comprehensive view of the organization’s business strategy, processes, information, and information technology assets. This information will be used to align the business and information technology directions. The Application Architect will drive standards and common approaches and expose information and processes across the enterprise. The worker will develop and document the overall information technology standards and develop and oversee the direction of the Application domain, and partner with the other domain architects including Business, Technology, Security, and Data. The Enterprise Architecture team will develop comprehensive plans for each of the enterprise domains supporting the transition from the current technology environments to the approved future state. The Application Architect will report to the DFPS ISO and Director of Enterprise Architecture. The mission of DFPS is to protect children, the elderly, and people with disabilities from abuse, neglect, and exploitation by involving clients, families, and communities. This position is classified as a full-time position (40 hours a week). Work outside of regular hours may be required. Travel to other Austin offices(s) may be required. Work under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: • Development and administration of application standards including user experience design, integration, coding best practices, quality attributes (non-functional requirements), and secure coding practices. • Conduct build vs buy vs hybrid assessments for new and replacement enterprise applications. • Research application portfolios and assess opportunities for consolidation, standardization, and replacement. • Track the latest advances in the industry and provide recommendations for adoption within the enterprise. • Support problem management activities within the ITIL procedures. • Monitor the design and development of the applications to track compliance of the standards. • Partner with Technology Architect, Data Architect, and Security Architect to implement DevOps tools and processes within the enterprise. • Participate in the selection of the future-state software, infrastructure, and network technologies and tools. • Support the development and implementation of the IT enterprise roadmap for an enterprise architecture domain and component technologies, services, and standards. • Identify, analyze, and prepare mitigation strategies for risks related to the DFPS information technology environments. • Provide analysis and consultation to CIO/IRM, CTO, and agency leadership on key technology issues affecting the agency. • Participate in planning, policy development, budget discussions, and problem resolution efforts to support and maintain the IT information technology environments. • Recommend and develop policies, procedures and practices in concert with the Information Security Officer, Chief Technology Officer, and the Chief Information Officer related to enterprise architecture framework and security. • Ensure the enterprise architecture plan supports the IT security policies and direction. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Five (5) years’ experience in application architectural domain; with familiarity of some of the other architecture domains. • Three (3) years’ extensive experience designing and implementing applications in Java, .NET, and Oracle technologies. • Three (3) years’ experience working within an Agile or Iterative application development organization. • Three (3) years’ experience with DevOps tools and processes. • One (1) year experience with off-the-shelf development platforms. • One (1) year experience with cloud- based application hosting. • Comprehensive knowledge of enterprise-level application design and development. • Working knowledge in planning, recommending, and managing IT enterprise architecture frameworks. • Working knowledge of IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework to establish an IT Service Management environment. • Working knowledge of IT strategic planning. • Skills in critical analysis, decision making, and ability to think and act strategically and proactively. • Working knowledge of IT fiscal management, risk management, and IT legal, ethics, and security matters. • Communications skills including written and verbal skills. • Ability to develop recommendations and presentations suited for various levels of leadership and decision makers. • Knowledge of local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to information security, privacy, and computer crime. Registration or Licensure Requirements: • Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer engineering, computer science, information systems, information technology security or related field. Work experience may be substituted for education on a year-for-year basis. • Java or .NET certifications preferred. • Master’s degree in related field preferred. Initial Selection Criteria: • Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer engineering, computer science, information systems, information technology security or related field. Work experience may be substituted for education on a year-for-year basis. • Five (5) years’ experience in application architectural domain; with familiarity of some of the other architecture domains. • Three (3) years’ extensive experience designing and implementing applications in Java, .NET, and Oracle technologies. Additional Information: Candidates selected for interviews will be asked to provide two writing samples of work projects related to this role. MOS Code: Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.