Job description The Office Administrator performs general and complex administrative tasks efficiently, effectively, and in an organized manner supporting leadership, managers, and division staff. Maintains a positive and friendly company image by acting as the first line of contact to visitors, customers, and vendors in person, online, and via telephone. Required education and/or experience High school diploma or GED At least 3 years’ office administrative experience partnering with multiple areas at all levels of the organization. Experience in manufacturing environment a plus. Essential job responsibilities Acts as receptionist as needed including receiving guests, answering and routing calls in a courteous and professional manner and scheduling conference rooms, and projectors. May arrange and book travel as needed. Orders catering for meetings and customer visits according to dietary needs and sets up and cleans meeting rooms as needed and puts them in order following use Maintains all office supplies, including lunch room supplies; ensuring appropriate levels of inventory, office equipment and supplies are on hand for each employee to complete their business responsibilities. Ensures that new hires have all start up equipment and office supplies and coordinates their on-boarding and orientation. Sets up meet and greets with staff and works with hiring manager to develop and execute training and assimilation into the workforce and emphasis of GMN’s measurable Values and Behaviors. Ensures incoming mail is opened, date stamped, and distributed correctly and that outgoing mail is posted correctly in a timely manner, and postage meter is kept filled. Distributes faxes and other office reports as needed and ensures office machines are stocked properly with toner and paper. Contacts vendors for repairs of office machines as needed in a timely manner by developing relationship and working with vendor’s technical support. Calls vendor support and accurately describes the issue and sense urgency. Acts as the single point of contact for on-site vendor visits and review of equipment and works with purchasing in evaluating effectiveness of vendor service, support and contract terms. Is responsible to ensure that the filing system for business operations is effective and efficient,neat and organized, with easy access for all employees as appropriate. May assist with filing business information (soft or hard copies) as needed. Defines procedures for retention, protection, retrieval, transfer, and disposal of records to ensure easy retrieval and provide historical reference. Tracks, organizes and keeps up to date records of training requirements and certifications, and auto maintenance using the most effective means to ensure easy access and manager’s awareness of their and their staff’s equipment maintenance, training, and certification requirements. May participate in safety meetings, record keeping (OSHA and incident investigations) and development of safety checklists and fall protection procedures, as well as communications within the organization to ensure that operations are compliant with code and most importantly safe for employees. Responsible to run standard operational reports that are used by management and employees to evaluate and schedule business operations. This may include analysis of anomalies and charting/graphing and publication of data and information. Being available and understands the operations at a high level, offers assistance to others within the organization as needed with special projects. Required skills Strong communication and customer service skills. Strong verbal, comprehension, and written communication skills in English. Strong math and analytical skills. Intermediate skills with MS Office software, advance Outlook skills. Previous experience answering a multi-line phone system preferred. Strong attention to detail with a focus on quality at all times. Must be able to sit for extended periods of time. Strong decision making skills. Ability to plan and organize work activities with a focus on efficiency and effectiveness. Ability to work under time constraints with shifting priorities. Must be able to follow directions and work in a team environment. Must be able to subscribe to and reflect GM Nameplate’s Values and Measurable Behaviors. This job description is not an exclusive or exhaustive list of all job functions that an employee in this position may be asked to perform from time to time. GM Nameplate Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. EEO/AA Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled. GM Nameplate Inc. is an alcohol- free and smoke-free work place. We are a drug free workplace following federal guidelines. All qualified candidates must pass a drug screening as a condition of employment.