Summary : The Red Hat Linux Systems Administrator is responsible for installing, configuring, monitoring and maintaining virtual Linux servers in an VMWare environment. System Maintenance/ Administration: Perform Intel based system hardware and software installs, patch installations, upgrades and maintenance. Monitor and maintain related /OS performance tuning of Intel based systems. Perform daily administration tasks (e.g. add, change, delete, file system and disk space management, back-ups and file restores). Coordinate and perform regularly scheduled preventive maintenance (e.g. system, IPL, apply fixes). Weekend installation and removal of physical servers. Development : Develop effective and efficient hardware and network configurations. Develop, document and implement policies, standards and operating procedures. Create disaster recovery plans. Support : Interact with DP, other systems staff or vendors in complex testing, operational support and troubleshooting system problems. Provide architectural guidance on standards and procedures for the efficient use of resources. Consult on software and hardware acquisition. Provide production and development systems support (including off hours support on a rotating basis). Qualification (Education, Experience & Skills) : 3+ years Intel based systems. System administration experience. BA or BS degree preferred. Experience with Intel based hardware standalone and virtual systems. Good experience with RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux) installation, configuration, upgrades, securities, and file system management. Experience with Linux/Windows utilities and scripts. Experience with either Windows Server or VMWare ESX. Experience with kernel performance tuning and analysis. Experience with system back-up and recovery (IBM TSM Protect) and disaster recovery. Experience with networking and distributed computing concepts, file system concepts (NFS/NIS), DNS and TCP/IP, SAN. Experience with system monitoring tools. Communication skills – both written and verbal. Strong problem solving skills. Grade-08