Description The Data Scientist 2 uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Data Scientist 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. Responsibilities The Data Scientist 2 develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures. Required Qualifications o Master's Degree in Epidemiology, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Engineering, Actuarial Science, or related fields o Excited at the prospect of working with extremely large datasets that cover millions of members over multiple years o Determined to use data to have a big impact on healthcare delivery in the United States o Possess strong quantitative skills and a high level of comfort working with data o Strong understanding of methods to reduce study bias (randomization, matching, propensity scoring, etc.) o Strong understanding of techniques such as linear and non-linear regression, survival analysis, longitudinal analysis, etc. o Strong understanding of epidemiologic concepts such as confounding and interaction o 2+ years of experience with data extraction and analysis o Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills, especially around data acquisition and delivery o Team player with strong interpersonal relationship, team building, collaboration and facilitation skills o Excellent MS Office skills including Excel and PowerPoint Strong organizational and time management skills Strong communication skills to present analytical methods and findings to both business executives and technical audiences Preferred Qualifications o 2+ years’ experience with statistical analytic software packages such as SAS o Experience in working with large databases and healthcare data o Strong understanding of the U.S. healthcare system including Medicare Advantage, care delivery, healthcare financing, and risk adjustment Scheduled Weekly Hours 40