Job Summary This position is open until filled; however, the initial review of applications will begin August 3, 2018. King County Housing Authority (KCHA), an independent municipal organization is a high performing nationally recognized leader in affordable housing. KCHA is a national leader in providing innovative and effective housing solutions so that people and communities can prosper. Our vision is that all residents of King County have quality affordable housing. KCHA is the largest housing provider in the county, and annually, the agency serves over 50,000 low-income individuals. _We transform lives through housing._ The Training and Development Program Manager is a new position responsible for managing the daily activities and delivery of agency wide training programs and leadership development activities. This will be achieved through the collaborative development of KCHA's training and development strategy, securing or designing relevant coursework and curriculum, facilitation of training, and the administration of processes to track outcomes. This role conducts training needs assessments; builds a business case for new training programs; and evaluates and modifies training programs as required. The positions objective is to increase competencies and performance of staff at all levels of the organization with an emphasis on leadership development and management fundamentals. Essential Functions The Training and Development Program Manager will: Develop and facilitate, or research and secure instructor led training, team buildings, strategic planning, coaching and mentoring sessions. Integrate E-learning, and other modalities of training as needs are identified. Participate in the development of an Agency wide sustainable, strategic approach to training and development. Develop and implement specific training and development objectives, policies, and priorities that encompass leadership and technical advancement needs. Develop and deliver variety of training tools for learners that may include interactive job aids (orientation and onboarding), learning assessments, On The Job Training guides, and train-the-trainer curriculum. Conduct training evaluations to identify training success, agency impact, return on investment and areas of improvement. Attend and participate in professional group meetings; remain current and knowledgeable of industry standards, best practices, new trends and developments in the field of corporate training, leadership and organizational development; incorporate new developments as appropriate into programs. While the primary work location will be in Tukwila, the Training and Development Program Manager will be providing training to staff at KCHA properties and sites throughout King County; travel will be required (as needed). Click here for additional details regarding this position's classification specification. Qualifications and Competencies Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Training and Development Management, Organizational Development, Human Resources or closely related field AND A minimum of five years of experience with corporate training, curriculum development, and/or coaching and facilitation OR An equivalent combination of experience and education that provides the necessary knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the essential functions of this position. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Demonstrates a deep knowledge of business practices and leadership theory. Ability to measure and assess staff training needs. Applies effective written and verbal communication techniques to convey clear and timely messages to internal and external stakeholders; listens to people's ideas and concerns; has exceptional public speaking skills. Analyzes problems, identifies alternative solutions, and implements recommendations; demonstrates critical, creative, and reflective thinking. Establishes and nurtures relationships with stakeholders, regularly inviting feedback and suggestions; works cooperatively with others as an active member of a team. Works effectively and efficiently to provide quality service to satisfy service expectations; seeks ways to improve service delivery; demonstrates strong project management skills. Takes responsibility for own work performance and balancing critical job requirements, initiating and completing work; manages time/conflict/stress; ability to work effectively under pressure in a fast paced environment. Adapts to changing business needs, conditions, and work responsibilities; responds positively to change, embracing and using new practices or values. Work effectively and positively with individuals of diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds and educationally diverse populations; values diversity; treats other with respect. Proficiency with MS Office to include Word, Excel, Outlook, and database software. Special Requirements: Consent to and pass a driver's and criminal records background check. Must possess a valid driver's license and own or have access to a vehicle to regularly travel between work sites, or have an alternative reliable mode of transportation. Position Information and Application Process Application Requirements: To be considered for this opportunity, you must: Complete the online application profile in its entirety. Upload a cover letter that addresses how your experience and education qualifies you to perform the essential functions listed in the job announcement. (Cover Letter) Upload a detailed résumé of all educational and professional experience. (Résumé) Salary & Benefits: The starting salary range of this position is $70,522.99 - $85,000 annually. A comprehensive health care benefits package for you and your dependents includes medical, dental and vision insurance, life and long-term disability insurance plans, vacation, sick and personal leave, reduced tuition, and retirement benefits are also available. Physical Work Environment: _Incumbent(s) must be able to meet the physical requirements of the classification and have mobility, balance, coordination, vision, hearing and dexterity levels appropriate to the functions performed. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Work is performed primarily in an office environment with travel between work sites as needed. Incumbents frequently use standard office equipment including personal computers, telephone and related equipment. Work may require high volume processing with tight deadlines. Equal Opportunity: King County Housing Authority is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.