About Blue Cross For more than 80 years, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota has worked to improve the health of all Minnesotans. As a nonprofit organization, we have a long history of making a healthy difference in people’s lives and of giving back to the communities we serve. In particular, our industry-leading commitment to veterans, service members and their families helped us to be named the first and only Beyond the Yellow Ribbon health plan company in Minnesota. We make it easy for you to support veterans groups and other community organizations by providing 20 hours of volunteer paid time off each year — in addition to regular paid time off. The dedication of Blue Cross volunteers has earned us recognition for running one of the most successful corporate food drives in the state; donating nearly 1,500 volunteer hours at Habitat for Humanity worksites; and growing more than 750 pounds of fresh produce at our onsite Community Giving Gardens. Find your place at a company that cares about veterans, our employees, our members and our communities. Description Summary This position is responsible for driving analytics to answer questions and produce actionable output that serves to support Star improvement and Risk Adjustment Optimization efforts to improve the quality of care as well as to manage the risk of our members. Leading teams to develop analytic solutions and statistical models for risk & outcome studies, and to manage a team of data analysts to produce deliverables in a timely manner. This position will manage employees, including skill and career development, policy administration, discipline, employee relations, goal setting, and performance reviews. Accountabilities Leads the identification and development of solutions to key strategic problems (such as the accurate identification of members for gap closure) and quality improvement opportunities thorough traditional and new analytics, including data science methods that will drive improved performance on Center of Excellence initiatives. Analyzes administrative claims data - Medicare and ACA Marketplace - to answer health services research questions on costs, utilization or outcomes, using advanced statistical and econometric methods. Ensures Blue Cross is employing state-of-the-art methods to Star and Enterprise Risk Adjustment problems by staying up to date on trends in analytics and investigates new tools to implement new methodologies and techniques. Serves as a key leader on the Stars and ERA Analytics Team by maintaining current knowledge of the business content, analytical methods, diverse data sources, and systems necessary to support the efforts of the Stars Analytics and ERA analytics units. Manages a team of associates to ensure on-time delivery of current run-the-business deliverables related to HEDIS supplemental data and the production of internal member primary care attribution, including understanding Operating Model Transformation (OMT) implications to these processes and collaborating to remediate these processes with appropriate technical and business areas. Fosters the professional development of other team members, the improvement of internal processes, the enhancement of existing products and services, the creation of new offerings, and the informed development of Stars and ERA analytics business strategy. Collaborates to manage, grow, and develop relationships with other analytic teams and leaders at BCBS-MN, thus actively contributing to the empowering of internal BCBS-MN analytics and the retention of talent. Requirements Bachelor's degree with a quantitative emphasis, including business, actuarial science, quantitative social science, mathematics, statistics, or computer science required. 6 years of progressive industry experience in data analysis methods and tools. 6 years of experience with health-related data analysis and reporting. 5 years of mentorship and strategic leadership in advanced analytics. Demonstrated ability to evaluate quantitative data from multiple sources using statistical modeling, analytical methods, and critical thinking skills. Proficient with methods and tools necessary to improve the Star Rating, such as statistical analysis methods, performance measurement, and cost analysis. Demonstrated experience with statistical software suites (e.g. SAS, R, Stata); strong understanding of database structure, relational database concepts, Big data platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Aster), and data architecture; exposure to Unix environments. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Strong problem-solving skills exhibited by the ability to approach complex, ambiguous business issues with creative ideas and solution Superior communication, facilitation, and presentation skills. Demonstrated experience in collaboration, teamwork, and cross-functional communication. Effective, concise, and professional written, verbal and presentation skills. Knowledge of healthcare industry including familiarity with health policy, health insurance, benefit plans and product features, provider contracting approaches, reimbursement approaches and health management approaches. Flexible, self-motivated, and continuously seeking ways to improve. High level organizational and project management skills in order to effectively handle multiple concurrent assignments. Preferred Requirements Masters degree in health services research or statistics or related area, or ASA or FSA designation. IT experience. FLSA Status Exempt Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Make a difference Thank you for your interest in Blue Cross. Be part of a company that lets you be you — and make a healthy difference in people’s lives every day Blue Cross is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Blue Cross® and Blue Shield® of Minnesota and Blue Plus® are nonprofit independent licensees of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association