The Business Analyst is responsible for helping ACUTA implement technology solutions in a cost-effective way by providing detailed requirements for ACUTA software products. The Business Analyst will ensuring effective analysis of the requirements to identify the impacts for development and testing teams. The Business Analyst will provide direction to the Product Development, Quality Control, and Management teams during the development iterations, ensuring that product related questions are answered promptly. In addition, the Business Analyst will support the Product Manager in the identification of new requirements, requirement prioritization, prototype design, and support of all ACUTA products and supporting tools. Location: Marlborough, MA or Bensalem, PA or UK (Remote) Duties and Responsibilities Translate User Requirements into Functional and Technical Requirements to be implemented by Product Development and Quality Control teams. Business analysis of requirement updates – identifying technical and business impacts to ensure effective decision making. Support the development and documentation of user scenarios for new product features. Assist with the maintenance of the User Requirement Specification (URS) and the URS Trace Matrix. Contribute to the prioritization of requirements based on both external and internal feedback. Provide guidance and support to product managers on developing new products and managing the lifecycle of existing products. Develop & implement processes to drive collaboration between, quality and product development. Identify and track requirements for test script updates that are initiated by requirement changes. Where necessary, manage the creation of conceptual prototypes and mock-ups. Help facilitate the implementation and maintenance of a more Agile development process, including acting as Scrummaster in the daily stand-ups and assisting with the maintenance of an iteration plan. Other Responsibilities Depending upon the skills and experience of the individual Business Analyst, additional responsibilities may include: Ownership of the User interface design, ensuring consistency of technology and implementation across modules. Prototype development as needed with key teams. Ownership of the ARIM database: identifying the impact of updates and ensuing effective implementation and migration. Project Management responsibilities to ensure the effective, on-time, delivery of ACUTA product. Other duties as assigned Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Proven experience of eliciting and drafting Use Cases and Business/User Requirements. Capable of translating high level business requirements into detailed functional requirement documentation. This would include mock-ups, process diagrams, entity details and database table updates. Strong business analysis skills – to ensure that the impacts of a product update are understood across the product and for both development and QC. Effective written and verbal communication skills, to ensure a good day to day relationship is achieved with development and QC. Ability to work with different people across a team effectively. Solid knowledge of the processes associated with Regulatory Affairs and/or Regulatory Operations is a distinct advantage. Experience with Regulatory Information Management oriented products and services. Proven track record of Regulatory Affairs Operations domain knowledge with knowledge of eCTD and non-eCTD submissions. Bachelor's degree required (MBA or other Masters preferred) and 6-8 years of experience related to the business analysis skill set. Experience with modeling techniques and methods and business case development. Ability to work as a single contributor with potential growth for potential leadership role. Project Management experience in an Agile development environment would be an experience.