The Preterm Birth Initiative is a global health research platform with an arm in East Africa (PTBi-EA) funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and a domestic arm in California (PTBi-CA) funded by Marc and Lynne Benioff. PTBi-EA is a collaboration among UCSF's Institute for Global Health Sciences (IGHS); Kenya Medical Research Institute; Makerere University in Uganda; University of Rwanda and Rwanda Biomedical Center. PTBi-EA is working to reduce the number of preterm births and save the lives of preterm infants and their mothers by improving quality of care and engaging in discovery research in regions of Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda. The Communications Associate for PTBi-EA will support the day-to-day communication needs, as well as collaborate with PTBi-CA on shared projects and events. The role includes responsibility for updating the PTBi-EA website, running social media channels, developing regular e-blasts and maintaining mailing lists, preparing communications pieces for events (slide decks, talking points, invitations, one-pagers), and coordinating with outside consultants (meeting planners, designers, writers), managing digital assets, and other communications tasks as needed. Reporting to the Deputy Director of the Maternal and Newborn Child Research Cooperative, the Communications Associate will work collaboratively with the PTBi-EA team, the PTBi-CA communications team, and IGHS communications team. Please note: This is a contract position with end date of May 31, 2019. INSTITUTE FOR GLOBAL HEALTH SCIENCES / GLOBAL HEALTH GROUP UCSF Institute for Global Health Sciences (IGHS) is dedicated to improving health and reducing the burden of disease in the world's most vulnerable populations. IGHS is an interdisciplinary educational, service and research organization that harnesses UCSF’s scientific strengths to train global health leaders of tomorrow and develop solutions to today’s most pressing health challenges. Our faculty, staff and students are on the cutting edge of research, treatment, public health practice and policy development for HIV/AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis, neglected tropical diseases, immunizations, women’s reproductive and children’s health, and other conditions that have a devastating impact on vulnerable populations both globally and locally. We work in more than 50 countries and partner with academic centers, international organizations, ministries of health, private industries and others to effectively deliver UCSF’s promise of advancing health worldwide. www.globalhealthsciences.ucsf.edu ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.