SUMMARY : Design, plan, document, train, and ensure that the network, servers, computers, software, communication systems, and external connections are running properly and securely while maintaining a high degree of availability. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following: Demonstrate service excellence in end-user support. Ensure service level commitments are strongly adhered to for both internal and external customer service. Develop and maintain excellent internal department and vendor relationships. Working closely with any managed services providers, oversee the Bank’s LAN and WAN including routers, switches, firewalls, and connectivity between locations. Plan, design, document, install, test, and maintain all physical and virtual servers and storage area network infrastructure. Plan, design, document, install, maintain, test, and provide subject matter expertise in virtualization, high availability and data backup technologies. Working closely with any managed services providers, oversee the administration of MS Exchange. Create procedures, train, and provide guidance to system administrators in managing users, groups, printers, and all network resources. Create procedures, train, and provide guidance to system administrators in managing all bank software, patch and virus scan processes and software licenses. Keep software updated and perform upgrades when necessary Ensure all programs are running without error Ensure all employees are able to run the programs required for their job Provide escalated tech support for all software applications Ensure anti-virus and anti-malware is installed and working effectively Participate in the development of and successful completion of items on the Bank’s IT Strategic Plan. Maintain a secure network and third party connectivity. Contribute to satisfactory or better audits and examinations in the IT area. Maintaining knowledge of Company and industry projects, services and trends affecting team activities including technology advances and compliance/regulatory trends. Qualifications EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or similar field plus three years related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Extensive experience with Microsoft server management, Active Directory, Group Policy, VMWare, EMC, Powershell scripting and automation, and data backup solutions required. Experience performing system administration and design functions in a banking environment a strong plus. Knowledge of information security standards and practices required. Technical certifications such as Microsoft’s MCSA, MCSE desired. Experience with Open Solutions’ TCBS/DNA Core banking System a plus. Basic knowledge of all applicable Regulations that pertain to this position is required. Knowledge of the Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering policies, procedures and related programs. COMPUTER SKILLS See Education/Experience section above for specific computer-related skills necessary. PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee will operate in a general office environment, using office equipment such as a phone and a computer.The employee must have full range of motion and be able to bend, squat, and crawl when installing equipment. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate as compared to a private office with light foot traffic and office equipment.The employee must be able and willing to interact frequently with the general public.