Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? We are looking for a Quality Assurance Manager to provide leadership and direction for a team in Sunnyvale focused on testing the spectrum of Ring products. You will be responsible for contribution to Cloud, App, FW, HW and Reliability testing activities. In addition, you will bring valuable know how to bridging Amazon processes and partner QA teams with existing Ring QA spread across multiple geographies. In this role you will provide technical and professional guidance to your direct team and also collaborate with and influence other QA, Dev, TPM and Product peers across the product team. About Ring: Ring's mission is to reduce crime in neighborhoods and empower consumers by creating a Ring of Security around homes and communities with its suite of smart home security products: Ring Video Doorbell, Ring Video Doorbell Pro, Ring Stick Up Cam and the new Ring Floodlight Cam. With these security devices, Ring has created the neighborhood watch for the digital age and continues to keep homes around the world safe. For more information, visit www.ring.com. With Ring, you're always home. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field or relevant work experience 8+ years experience in a test management role as part of a product development organization which has delivered consumer oriented products Experience growing and coaching people to reach unfulfilled potential. Setting and supporting goals along with performance management are essential. Experience with QA methodology and tools Experience gathering and analyzing data to use in decision making process along with risk evaluation and other customer & product oriented trade-offs Experience guiding the creation of detailed, customer focused test cases to exercise user level features and end to end product experience Experience defining automation strategy and influence planning to achieve automation growth Experience troubleshooting complex systems and root causing customer facing software issues Experience working closely with development and business teams to communicate problem impacts and to understand business requirements Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with networking concepts and latency testing Experience testing performance benchmarks Experience in the domain of Machine Learning and Computer Vision Experience testing audio/video data streaming Ability to triage issues, react well to changes, work with teams and ability to multi-task on multiple products and projects Excellent communication, collaboration, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills Familiarity with executing performance, longevity and device interoperability tests in the confines of the mobile application space Shows creativity and initiative to improve product test coverage and effectiveness Comfortable communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings Lab126 is part of the Amazon.com, Inc. group of companies and is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation