Overview For more than 40 years, East West Bank has served as a pathway to success. With over 130 locations across the U.S. and Greater China, we are the premier financial bridge between the East and West. Our teams of experienced, multi- cultural professionals help guide businesses and community members on both sides of the Pacific looking to explore new markets and create new opportunities. And our sustained growth and expertise in industries like real estate, entertainment and media, private equity and venture capital, high-tech and aviation help build sustainable businesses and expand our employees’ potential for career advancement. Headquartered in California, East West Bank (Nasdaq: EWBC) is a top performing commercial bank with an exclusive focus on the U.S. and Greater China markets. With assets of $37.7 billion, we’re ranked among the 30 largest banks in the United States and currently top 5 in “America’s 100 Best Banks” by Forbes, a list where we've consistently been in the top 15 since 2010. With a strong foundation, an enterprising spirit and a commitment to absolute integrity, East West Bank gives people the confidence to reach further. We are currently seeking a Business Analyst. Responsibilities Create analytical frameworks and perform detailed analyses on customer data to assist on developing sales strategies; Illustrate comparison in analysis report and charts and graphs, and prepare reports periodically for review by Consumer Banking Strategy Directors Generate research reports before sales campaign on relevant topics, such as market forecast for potential banking products and financial services, prospective customer analysis, industry updates, economics and political outlook, and competitor assessment, etc Summarize research findings and formulate written reports for senior management review; Design and evaluate methods and procedures for collecting data after sales campaign, such as surveys, opinion polls, or questionnaires, or arrange to obtain existing data, and generate analysis report for business development reference Measure the effectiveness of marketing, advertising and communications programs and strategies by comparing actual results with projected outcome Conduct research on consumer opinions and marketing strategies, collaborating with marketing professionals, statisticians, media reporters and other professionals Gather financial data and compile statistical information for recommendation to the management; Synthesize complex information into clear and concise presentations, summarize and discuss recommendations to the management in analysis reports Provide other supports for Consumer Banking Strategy Directors and interact with Consumer banking and Business Banking team, business partners, IT and other departments within the bank Organize and coordinate regional management meetings and events. Qualifications Master’s degree in business administration, economics or related, with one and half a years of experience as business analyst or related or equivalent for having a Bachelor’s degree in business administration, economics or related with five years of experience as business analyst or related Applicants with suitable combination of education, training or experience are acceptable.