Qualifications Undergraduate or master’s degree or have 1 – 3 years of work experience after completing your undergraduate degree Outstanding record of academic achievement Demonstrated aptitude for analytics Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively – both verbally and in writing – in English and the local office language(s) Willingness to travel Who You'll Work With Experienced Business Analysts join our Midwest office in our Detroit location to work in teams and directly with our clients. When you join McKinsey as a Experienced Business Analyst (BA), you are joining a firm that will challenge you and invest in your professional development. In this role you will work on the best teams to help the best organizations in the world – in private, public, and social sectors – solve their most difficult problems. You will also work with many experts, from data scientists and researchers to software and app designers. To learn more about how we help our clients and where you fit in, visit our careers site. What You'll Do You’ll work in teams of typically 3 – 5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. You’ll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members. You’ll gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Business Analysts receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams. This support includes a Partner from your local office or practice assigned to you to help guide your career as well as several weeks of formal training in your first two years as a Business Analyst. Additionally, you’ll receive guidance and support from your local office in the selection of client projects, helping you to develop your skills and build your network. We view the Business Analyst position as the start of a rewarding, challenging, and highly flexible career with McKinsey. During your first few years with the firm, you will serve as a BA on multiple client engagements and work with a number of colleagues and clients in a range of industry and functional areas. We encourage you to explore different content areas or geographies through a year-long rotation with one of our practices (e.g., corporate finance, social sector, healthcare, operations) or global offices; many do this after two years as a generalist BA. For all BA's, you will likely intersect with many elements of our firm's work including Digital McKinsey, Implementation, and New Ventures - either by collaborating on teams or working with colleagues from these groups. Following your BA tenure, assuming good performance, you will move into a post-graduate school role. Some BAs will take advantage of the opportunity to get outside experience through a secondment (externship) with a private sector or social sector client with the firm’s support. Others may choose to pursue graduate school with support from the firm.