The SquareTrade Data Engineering team believes data is a key to decision making. We want to use data insight to look for new opportunities and help improve our award-winning service to our customers. Our data team is a newly formed team that will be at the very core of the business. We are all excited to be driving SquareTrade's data strategy using both the tried-and-true as well as next-gen Big Data technologies. The vision includes building a central data warehouse, data pipelines, and a decisive analytics platform and business intelligence. OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE.... Loves to work with different technology stacks: We believe in using the best tool to get the job done which may be developing out our Java app, writing Python (our your favorite scripting language), laying out Informatica ETL mappings, or prototyping a problem with Hadoop and Spark. Develops for scalability: you’re able to solve both high-level architectural and in-depth problems. Is curious and want to learn: We believe in continual improvement, and we want teammates who share our vision of growing technology and people. You’ve got a solid foundation: This role requires both a broad and deep understanding of data; you must have an advanced understanding of MPP databases, data modeling & schema design, large-scale data processing frameworks and experience building data pipelines from disparate sources. KEY QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related is REQUIRED 5+ years of relational database experience (Postgres preferred); strong analytical SQL skills necessary 5+ years of experience w/ custom or structured ETL design, implementation and maintenance 1+ years of dynamic scripting (Python preferred) development experience 3+ years of shell scripting experience 1+ years of experience working with big data technologies (Kafka, Spark, Hive, Hadoop) 1+ years of Java development experience required SOME OF THE BENEFITS OF WORKING @ SQUARETRADE INCLUDE: Not feeling stuck! This team has exposure to many different parts of the business, making transitioning easy...we work on developing careers based on what people enjoy! Competitive salaries, benefits (medical, dental, vision), flex PTO, 401k matching Respect for your work-life balance Free breakfast, weekly lunches and unlimited snacks and drinks A paid volunteer day to give back to the community Discounted Gym memberships Company activities (from happy hours, winery trips, and picnics in the park to running a 5k) Who We Are: SquareTrade is the top-rated protection plan trusted by millions of happy customers and offered by top retailers including Amazon, Costco, Staples, Sam's Club and Target. We have more than 200,000 fans on Facebook, consistently win industry awards and have received tens of thousands of 5-star reviews. SquareTrade is growing year on year, and attracted the largest insurer-tech acquisitions in 2017, with a $1.4 billion purchase price by Allstate.