Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Consumer Lending is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers. Our group includes Home Lending, Personal Lending, and Wells Fargo Auto, and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. Our foundation for success can be summarized in three beliefs: Our product is service. Our value added is financial advice and guidance. Our competitive advantage is our people. We've built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed. Join the 1 Mortgage originator and servicer ( _Source: Inside Mortgage Finance_ ) Our Customer Excellence team focuses on customer feedback and strives for operational excellence in order to strengthen our consumer-centric culture and optimize the customer experience. As a senior data scientist in Wells Fargo Home Lending’s Customer Excellence Data Analytics group(CEDA), you will be responsible for recognizing opportunities to improve the customer experience through the use of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML). More specifically, you will build models that evaluate and improve the customer experience by combining both unstructured voice of customer (e.g. Natural Language Processing (NLP), Speech) data, structured operational data (e.g. loan payment behaviors) and customer interaction data (e.g. web events). This analyst will also serve as a mentor to other team members by advising in the areas of AI/ML. This analyst will represent the CEDA team in partnership with the enterprise AI/ML teams to deliver enterprise class solutions. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Translate and summarize complex analysis into understandable, actionable insights and recommendations that directly drive effective business strategy Think creatively and identify opportunities to leverage machine learning in order to improve the Wells Fargo Home Lending customer experience Retrieve, combine and transform data from numerous information systems Develop machine learning and other AI models with Python or R Use a combination of Natural Language Processing techniques and other modeling techniques to extract useful information from both unstructured and structured data Scale analytics solutions to Big Data with Hadoop, Spark/PySpark and other Big Data tools Take initiatives and drive each project to completion with minimal guidance while effectively managing multiple projects at a time Mentor other team members and collaborating with the Enterprise Data Science teams This position may be open to other locations within the Wells Fargo footprint Required Qualifications 8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 2+ years of Python experience Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications 3+ years of machine learning experience 3+ years of SQL experience Knowledge and understanding of Artificial Intelligence (AI) disciplines such as Machine Learning or Natural Language Processing Common NLP techniques, such as ?Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming) Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis) Modeling and word representations (TF-IDF, LSA, LDA, word2vec) Experience working with big data infrastructure with tools such as Hive, Spark and H2O Reading, understanding and implementing algorithms and other techniques from industry and academic publications Experience with Teredata Aster and/or TenserFlow Job Expectations This position requires compliance with all mortgage regulatory requirements and Wells Fargo's compliance policies related to these requirements including acceptable background check investigation results. Successful candidates must also meet ongoing regulatory requirements including additional screening and required reporting of certain incidents. Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.