JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. JPMC serves nearly half of America’s households with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. Customers can choose how and where they want to bank: 5,300 branches, 16,000 ATMs, mobile, online and by phone. For more information, go to Chase.com. Chase Merchant Services is the global payment processing business for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Merchant Services is the world’s leading merchant acquirer with over $1 trillion in annual transaction volume in 2016. ChaseNet is a customized closed-loop proprietary payments platform, and Chase Pay is the firm’s new digital wallet that makes mobile transactions simple, safe and rewarding. Merchant Services is a leading provider of payment, fraud and data security for companies large and small and capable of authorizing transactions in more than 130 currencies. Merchant Services CAO is a multifaceted organization comprised of multiple functional areas including Business Readiness & Change Management, Program\Project Management, Business Testing, and Release Management which supports strategic initiatives for Merchant Services and CCB (Consumer and Community Banking) via the execution of business integration projects and change initiatives using proven project lifecycle methodologies. The Data Analytics Manager will work within the Portfolio Analytics & Tools team, responsible for reporting and analytics of Merchant Services portfolio of projects and change initiatives. The right candidate for this position will: Help design and implement the overall data analytics, visualization, and tools strategy working across multiple stakeholder groups and levels. Play a key role in developing and delivering reporting and associated analysis empowering report consumers to manage change. Create genuine business value through the alignment of technology, data, and business needs. Responsibilities: Develop visualizations of analytics insights in Tableau (for consumption of relevant stakeholders). Ability to design and identify different types of visualization models that best suits the user’s needs and knowledge of front end best practice. Implementation of a robust and comprehensive set of reporting features that supports the process stakeholders at various levels (i.e. Executive dashboards) across the organization. Query hygiene – Review and optimization of report queries for performance and efficiency. Thought and design leadership; anticipate business needs and build consensus on recommendations using strong influencing and negotiation skills. Provide insights to report consumers through analysis of data to create opportunities to improve their business outcomes and support our role as trusted advisor to our clients. Other responsibilities as required. Required Experience Strong experience analyzing data and creating reports with database query experience (e.g. SQL). Strong experience creating dashboards and reports using Tableau. Analytical and problem solving skills and an ability to present analysis in a clear and compelling manner. A complete Business Intelligence skill stack, from query to dashboard. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. Passion for delivering business value by creating excellent business intelligence products. Positive and proactive. Excellent time management and prioritization skills. Interest in User Experience and Design Thinking. Outstanding interpersonal skills. Ability to advise and work with senior management and business partners. Demonstrated ability to succeed in a fast-paced growth environment. Payment, banking, or financial services industry experience strongly preferred.