The research analyst will perform varied duties providing assistance in the day-to-day administration and research for the Office of Medical Student Research. Essential Duties Resarches, gathers accumulates, organizes, cleans, summaries and analyses a wide variety of data for research projects. Monitors quality of data and assists in fixing issues onece discovered Practices a high level of integrity and honesty in maintaining confidentiality of projects’ data Researches internet sites and prfessional journals for informatio and articles related to the projects. Assists in preparing project evluation instuments, collect and compliles evaluations, assists in evaluating responses, and prepares summary reports Develops tracking system for ongoing status of project Prepares and distributres written status reports on project plans, progress, and results of activities Estbalishes and maintains files and records for project Assures free flowing communcaiton and implementation of assigned taks Performs administrative duties associated with scheduling and corrdintaing meetings including preparing agendas, gathering and organizaing supporting informatin, and overseeing production and distribution of project documentation and related materials Maintinas Internet website for the project and coordinates information input Performs other related duties as assigned Required Qualifications Postgraduate degree with research and data analysis skills experience Minimum Requirements Proven independent and group research experience Experience with applied statistics Data analysis skills and the ability to explore complex data sets and extract insights Data visualization experience Proficient with MS Office Suite Advanced data visualization tools like Tableau, Domo, Qlikview-preferred Statistical analysis tools and packages like SPSS, Python, R Preferred Qualifications Expresses ideas clearly and constructively (written and spoken, upward and downward, one-on-one with groups Takes initiative to look for opportunities to improve performance, manages time, work and relationships effectively and efficiently Displays professionalism by treating others with respect, abides by the institutional values and displays a positive and cooperative attitude. Adheres to the workplace Code of Conduct and compliance policies. Abie to identify efficiencies to reduce redundancy and/or elimination of tasks resulting in savings of costs, resources, and/or time Works proactively and collaboratively with others to streamline work and achieve mutual goals. Proficient with MS Office Suite Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Sitting and standing for extensive periods of time; walking, stooping, reaching, climbing high and low levels; lifting up to 25 pounds; carrying materials to various locations; finger and hand movement and feeling sufficient for computer and equipment operations; and clear speaking, hearing conversationally, and seeing near and far Complexity The ability to perform highly detailed work with sustained attention and care while providing/obtaining information on numerous inquiries is paramount to success in this position. Mental Demands The ability to perform highly detailed work with sustained attention and care while providing/obtaining information on numerous tasks is paramount to success in this position. Able to work effectively and concurrently on related tasks; use of sustained concentration and decision-making processes. Constant calculating, reasoning, judgment, resourcefulness, analytical ability, and ingenuity. Able to prioritize work for best outcomes. Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Occasionally required to work in confined space. Special Requirements Ability to work effectively with a diverse community FLSA Exempt Category Full Time Grade PS-2