This role is responsible for providing end-to-end Quality Management support to the Brands by building relationships with the Brands and collaborating with Supply Chain, R&D;, and other relevant function to promote stronger QA integration into the Brands for best quality and safety. This role will work with Global QA organization to determine the right upstream QA engagement approach for new product launches and ensure best-practice sharing and consistent process implementation. The role will provide QA support on basic business items that impact Brand product quality, support educating the Brand on QA fundamentals and utilize insights on consumer driven quality to drive consumer/customer loyalty with Brand partnership. Learn and understand the Brand's mission, values and consumer requirements. Collaborate with the Brand to build the quality design and execution into the Brand. Provide support to Brands as it relates to regulated drug product development and manufacturing. Support Brand Quality councils in cadence agreed with Brand leadership team. (5%) Participant in the New Product Launch (NPL) process from product concept through commercialization. Manage Quality by Design into the development process through Technical Readiness, Risk Assessments, Stage Gates and FMEAs to ensure a successful launch. Drive “Right First Time” and work closely with the Brand, Supply Chain, R&D;, PD, PKG and other functions to ensure that appropriate product quality requirements are established and implemented throughout development process. (30%) Manage and support the communication of quality problem notification and resolution to the Brand. Advise on technical risks, problem solving and issue resolution to the Brand. Manage task forces and lead resolution of quality issues by working with wider QA group and functional partners. Lead and assemble cross functional teams to drive consumer complaint improvements when issue trends are identified. (20%) Work with the Brands, Consumer Insights, Global Consumer Care and other relevant functions to understand consumer insights to ensure product quality meets consumer expectations. Understand the Brand target consumer and collaborate with Consumer Care team to gather relevant data for insights into future state launches. Collaborate with Brands to ensure consumer expectations are translated into appropriate quality requirements. Participant in the monthly consumer feedback meetings. (25%) Manage/participate in key projects to support either functional, category and/or enterprise wide initiatives to support delivery of objectives. (20%) Qualifications University degree 5 years managerial with Quality preferred 5% travel required both domestically and internationally. Fluent in English (written and spoken) BS/MS in science or engineering (chemistry, pharmacy, or food technology preferred) or equivalent through experience and additional training. Additional formal training in Quality Management a plus. Minimum 5 years experience, preferable in Quality Assurance, in consumer goods (cosmetics, packaged goods, food or pharmaceuticals). Ability to handle multiple cross-functional projects, new product development process, and project management. Good communication, leadership and human relations skills - able to work well with all elements within and outside of the organization. Knowledge and use of quality tools with a sound statistical base: Quality Management systems, process mapping, tooling qualification, FMEA and others. Knowledge of packaging manufacturing processes is a plus. Computer literate with good working knowledge of Microsoft products. (SAP knowledge an added advantage). Job: Manufacturing / Operations / Packaging Primary Location: Americas-US-NY-New York Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Shift: 1st (Day) Shift Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Job Number: 189514