The Systems Administrator (Corporate Network) will perform a wide variety of technical application, networking, and infrastructure functions within the company. This role is responsible for maintaining our current systems\infrastructure of our existing multi-site topology, and involved in our expansion to new locations and cloud providers. The ideal candidate for this position is certified with Cisco networking equipment, and is well-versed in Windows-based cloud computing solutions. Key responsibilities : Design, recommend and implement secure networking designs in a multi-site topology Implement and maintain new SD-WAN technologies at all corporate locations and cloud providers Build and maintain infrastructure and systems for corporate business needs Design and maintain network LAN/WAN infrastructure and monitoring performance Design and support wireless network in a variety of environments Design, maintain, and troubleshoot firewall and associated connectivity Maintain AD environment in our network at all corporate locations Perform day-to-day support activities to maintain employee systems: telephony, desktop, and network access Windows server and migrations 2008/R2, 2012/R2, 2016 Stays current on emerging technology and be able to provide recommendations for future technology investments. Interact with employees to understand the way they perform work, and seek creative ways to improve our workflows with technology Qualifications / Technical Competency: Experience in layer 2 and layer 3 switching technologies including VLANs and link aggregation protocols Knowledge of routing protocols, GVRP/OSPF/BGP Strong, thorough, in-depth knowledge of TCP/IP a must. Must have experience with IP, TCP, UDP, IPsec, DNS, ARP, HTTP, SSL, among other protocols. Knowledge of tunneling and compression technologies Knowledge of SD-WAN technologies and theories Knowledge of Wireless technologies, spectrum analysis, encryption, and authentication Knowledge of network level security technologies and best practices Hands on troubleshooting skills using a variety of packet analysis tools including WireShark and TCPDump Experience with major cloud providers, MS Azure, Amazon Web Services Experience with MS Windows 10, 2008, 2012, 2016 Ability to multi-task. The ability to set priorities when faced with multiple competing priorities, including project work and trouble tickets. Ability to deal with shifting priorities. Excellent oral and written communication skills, ability to determine actual needs vs. stated needs of the business. Ability to work with business units and synthesize infrastructure requirements from application needs. Excellent customer service skills. Ability to develop relationships with business units and be perceived as a solution partner. Good project management skills. The ability to take a large initiative and break it down into sub-tasks and understand dependencies. The ability to manage that plan through to completion. Willingness to travel and occasionally work night/weekend times and to participate in an on-call schedule. Expert technical knowledge in troubleshooting difficult problems; Ability to debug errors efficiently and effectively; Experience leveraging Active Directory for user and group management; Other Skills and Experience: Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Ability to interact with internal business stakeholders; Function well in an individual role and with a team; Possess excellent analytical skills; Basic knowledge of business processes; Capable of managing multiple assignments simultaneously; Must have high attention to details; Ability to prioritize tasks. Gogo is the inflight internet company. Our worldwide inflight Wi-Fi services have made internet and video entertainment a regular part of flying. We are a diverse and mission-minded group of professionals all working together in extraordinary harmony. And that’s just the beginning. We connect the aviation industry and air travelers with innovative technology and applications, and we do it all in a high-energy environment that welcomes the next challenge. Be prepared to join a performance-obsessed team that is passionate about bringing the internet to every device, every flight, everywhere. _Equal Opportunity Employer/Vets/Disabled_ _Gogo participates in E-Verify. Details in_ _English_ _and_ _Spanish_ _. Right to Work Statement in_ _English_ _and_ _Spanish_ _._