SUMMARY OF POSITION The Front Desk Office Administrator will be responsible for an array of tasks which will help keep the daily operations of the office and company running smoothly. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Front Desk Office Administrator's primary responsibilities include working with the company's upper management and employees on any tasks which they may need assistance with, from event planning to maintaining the office kitchens. Must also work closely with building management on any maintenance needs and general upkeep of the office. Duties will include but are not limited to the following: Greet guests, venders and clients Answer and transfer phone calls Open and deliver mail and packages to office personnel Send out FedEx and UPS packages Order, setup, and clean up weekly catered Friday lunch Order lunch for client and internal meetings as requested Keep designated areas stocked with beverages and candy Maintain general office appearance (conference rooms, kitchens, coffee areas, copier area) and water plants Maintain supply inventory listing, order office supplies when necessary Daily guest security list Bind decks & SOWs for Account Services, Sales & Marketing Notify building management, and follow up on building maintenance issues Send out general company announcements Scan and file invoices Regularly communication with agency Headquarters in Baltimore, MD Assist with check writing and mailing process Assist with event research and planning Request and track building and parking passes Assist with other projects as needed (HR, Finance, Marketing, etc.) EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience EXPERIENCE Having proficient working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) Exceptional communication and rapport building skills Self-motivated and initiative Confident and outgoing Ability to multi-task in a busy office setting Experience working with a start-up or agency environment a plus R2i is a full-service digital agency with offices in Baltimore, Silicon Valley, Seattle, and St. Louis. With diverse expertise and a hands-on approach, R2i guides companies through a complex marketing landscape and builds integrated solutions that accelerate customer experiences and drive business impact. R2i’s unique alignment between marketing technology, brand expression, and demand generation results in compelling creative campaigns, better user experiences, and deeper customer connections. R2i maintains strategic partnerships with leading marketing technology platforms and has deep expertise in providing solutions built on Adobe, Sitecore, and Acquia. Through focused areas of purpose such as web development and technology, multi-channel campaigns, media, sales enablement, brand strategy, and content marketing, R2i has consistently delivered on the new promise of marketing integration today for its clients. _PLEASE NOTE THIS IS A TEMP TO PERM POSITION_