About the team We build the pipelines and processes responsible for daily ingestion of terabytes of data. We productionalize intelligent, data-driven systems to help Zillow capture strategic opportunities in the market. Our work enriches Zillow's unparalleled living database of all homes and hundreds of millions of customers and empowers teams downstream to build analytics tools and products to delight our users. Small team = big impact. Engineering teams are highly decentralized in order to create the small team speed and autonomy of a start-up environment but backed by big company resources. Fast-moving, developer driven organization full of brilliant and ambitious people. Learn more about what we are doing at www.zillow.com/engineering and www.zillow.com/data-science About the role We are looking for a strong technical contributor with a background in software development to create intelligent data driven systems and pipelines. As a Data Engineer, you will be responsible for all phases of the development cycle: design, implementation, testing, and release. You will leverage your deep knowledge and experience to provide technical leadership for the team, take ideas from zero to completion, and provide the bridge between raw data and actionable business insights. You will: Build and maintain highly-scalable ETL pipelines and data-driven systems Work closely with business stake holders, data analysts and machine learning engineers to productionalize analytic solutions Design and implement new data pipelines to support business analysts and data scientists Design and build infrastructure to support our petabyte scale data lake Who you are Data engineer with experience with building and shipping highly scalable distributed systems on cloud platforms (AWS/Azure/GCP) and database technologies (SQL/NoSQL/column-oriented datastores/distributed databases) Experience with the Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Presto/Airflow) Proven track record of leading and delivering large projects independently Proven ability to learn new technologies quickly A degree (BS/MS+) in Computer Science or a related technical discipline Experience with Hive, Spark, Presto, Airflow and or Python a plus Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._