Company: FedEx Services Job Title: Sr. System Architect Job Requisition Number: RC81520 Category: Information Technology Locations: Collierville, Tennessee 38017 United States Colorado Springs, Colorado 80921 United States Plano, Texas 75024 United States Orlando, Florida 32810 United States Under limited supervision, define processes, technical infrastructure and architectural standards for development and implementation of systems at the enterprise level. Evaluate products and projects to ensure congruency with strategic initiatives and industry trends. Under limited supervision, define processes, technical infrastructure and architectural standards for development and implementation of systems at the enterprise level. Evaluate products and projects to ensure congruency with strategic initiatives and industry trends. The responsibility of this position is for developing, implementing, and maintaining Enterprise Messaging and Data Services reference architectures and management tool suite. Duties for this role include but not limited to design, document, code, test, and deploy software to support the software development life cycle and management of the infrastructure. May develop prototypes and solutions using a diverse range of technology. Apply modern principles, methodologies, tools, and systemic processed to support the launch of new business capabilities. Evaluate, develop, test, and implement Reference Architectures for new technologies and required tools to support. Works with enterprise level architects to ensure consistency and integration with overall IT strategy. Introduces and integrates new technologies. Leads the resolution of high visibility, highly complex problems. Job Specific Information: Design, develop and implement enterprise scale data service solutions and supporting management tools to support IT enterprise strategy and goals. The successful candidate would participate in tech evaluations of next versions of prioritized data services and provide enterprise scale recommendations. Skills/Knowledge Considered a Plus: Java development skills and experience Understand of software design patterns Understand DevSecOps, software development methodologies (Agile) and CI/CD pipelines, source control tools and build frameworks Spring and its components (Spring Cloud, Spring Eureka, Spring Data, Spring Config Service, Spring Security) Understanding of network design and architecture at enterprise scale Experienced with Integration technologies; such as SOAP, JMS, and REST Experience with API Management platforms Familiar with microservice architecture principles In-depth knowledge of integrated platform stack to support messaging/caching platforms such as JMS, Redis, Kafka, ActiveMQ, MQTT (IOT), etc. Experience with Data Analytics development (Kafka, Streams/Events) Knowledge of platform management and monitoring tools - such as Puppet, Docker, Cloud Foundry, Splunk, etc Domiciled Location: Collierville, TN Colorado Springs, CO Plano, TX Orlando, FL Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree, in computer science, engineering, or information systems and/or equivalent formal training, work experience and or related field. Five (5) years equivalent work experience in information technology or engineering environment. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirement. Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer. Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years: FORTUNE “World’s Most Admired Companies” – 2016 Corporate Responsibility Magazine “100 Best Corporate Citizens” – 2016 InformationWeek “Elite 100” – 2016 Women’s Business Enterprise National Council “America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises” - 2016 Reputation Institute “World’s Most Reputable Companies” – 2015 Black Enterprise “40 Best Companies For Diversity” – 2015 When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself. EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.