Services Resource Management Plano, TX We are searching for an experienced Service Resource Manager to join the Digital Services Business Operations team. As a Service Resource Manager, you will play a role in increasing the efficiency and performance within and between operations in the Regions, Global Service Centers and Global Competence Hubs to build an environment that supports global efficiency and profitable growth. You will accomplish this by supporting the Solution Areas in their delivery effort to make their work more efficient through adequate tools, processes, ways of working, measurements & KPIs, job roles, competence models. In this role, you will participate in the demand planning and resource management, annual budgeting, perform labor rate audits, track resource utilization, cost analysis, and be active in competence planning. Responsibilities: You will monitor and support workforce allocation/utilization Guide and implement resource management process excellence Ensure business by optimal financial and resource management operation Gather and distribute service demand forecast Support the Solution Areas in their business operation needs including budget cycle, labor rate audits, utilization, offshoring, headcount planning, etc. Key Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business or related field; MBA preferred Minimum years of experience: 4 2 years of Operations-related experience in a SI / Consulting environment, especially in areas of resource and demand planning Financial acumen and skills Knowledge of service delivery processes, models, and strategy Strong analysis skills, using data from multiple sources to drive business decisions Strong knowledge of Sales Process Coaching and mentoring experience and skills. Change and improvement management skills You are responsible for formulating strategies and concepts Extremely strong Excel skills Additional Requirements: This position is located in Plano, Texas USA. We are looking for local candidates as there is no relocation offered for this position LI-AK1 DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || ServEng