Job Locations US-MN-Minneapolis Req No. 2017-3534 Category Architecture Type Regular Full-Time Overview Reports to: Director of Architecture Join Leo A Daly’s exciting and expanding Minneapolis, MN office. Open yourself to opportunities for Creativity, Growth and Mentorship. Work on challenging and diverse projects alongside some of the most talented and dedicated professionals in the industry. Be a part of the next 100 years at Leo A Daly! We are currently seeking an Architect with 6 to 15 years of experience with principal focus in Civil and Public Safety facilities. This is a leadership position on our Architecture team, with opportunities for growth into project management, business development and client acquisition, and market leadership. Responsibilities The Civic & Public Safety Project Architect will contribute to our growing Public Safety team, providing subject matter expertise in the design, planning and delivery of Municipal, Civic and Public Safety projects. He/she will guide the planning and technical delivery of our services and work closely with the Project Manager and Market Sector Leader (MSL) to ensure client satisfaction. Responsibilities include: Understand or proactively pursue knowledge of the best practices of such facilities, including the organizational, technical and human factors that influence and inform highly proficient design solutions for our clients. Actively contribute to the Civic / Public Safety teams and with the MSL, positively participate in growing our knowledge and market coverage in the Civic & Public Safety market, contribute to the strategic growth plan and vision, participate in business development, marketing pursuits and project delivery. Build strong networks with professionals specialized in the industry and establish circles of influence to identify prospective opportunities and support for business development. Responsible for Project Development & Delivery, contributing and guiding the Project Architecture in various aspects of project development, including: maintaining team progress, meeting project deadlines, performing code analysis, collaborating with Specifications Team, Project Manager and Owner to coordinate Specifications and Front-end Documents, Coordinating agency reviews/plan check/Fire Marshall/Commissions/etc. Assure overall quality, completeness and accuracy of deliverables, including project phase deliverables and Construction Documents. Qualifications Professional expertise demonstrated through 6 to 15 years of progressive experience; Portfolio in modern and progressive Civic and Public Safety architecture such as City Hall, Police, Fire, Evidence, Forensic, Corrections and Justice project typologies’ Has the spirit to positively contribute to building a meaningful practice; Ability to communicate effectively and tactfully both verbally and in writing; Progressive ability, capacity and aptitude in administration to plan, organize, supervise and coordinate technical work and to obtain cooperation from others; Ability to work in a creative, collaborative environment with individuals throughout the organization and contribute to a strong team-oriented approach; High level of understanding in the use of design and production software (i.e. REVIT, AutoCAD, Adobe Creative Suite, etc.) and functional literacy in use of MS Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook); Ability and willingness to travel; Current affiliation and/or membership of local, state, or national industry organization(s) is a plus; LEED® and/or Well® Accredited Professional is a plus; Registered Architect Leo A Daly Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Leo A Daly Company, is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity, including providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with a disability. Applicants with a physical or mental disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact the Human Resources Department at 402-391-8111. For more information about your rights under the law, see EEO is the Law Options