Axiomatics is the premier vendor of dynamic authorization solutions. From our headquarters in Stockholm and our offices in Chicago and Washington D.C., we serve a global customer base within finance, healthcare, insurance, manufacturing, media, pharma, US Federal Government, and the public sector. We provide authorization solutions for applications, databases, Big Data, Microservices, and APIs to organizations and Fortune 500 companies to help them apply a policy-based approach to protect their most critical assets. We’re looking for a developer who loves crunching code and is up for tackling the next big challenge. We’re at the front line of dynamic authorization growth and we have great ideas we want to realize in our products. Like, right now! You need to be creative, motivated and like working with many different technologies. If this sounds right up your street, we can offer you an exciting position in a growing organization in downtown Stockholm. We offer We can offer you a dynamic, multicultural and fast-moving environment where your knowledge and ideas are highly valued. A place where you can grow and make a difference. As a member of our talented engineering team you will be closely involved with creative and ground-breaking product design and development. You will take part in developing the latest data protection and authorization products that tackle some of the major security concerns of our interconnected lives and be a part of making our digital world safer. You You’re a talented software engineer with a strong background in Java. You thrive on intellectual challenges and you’re a stickler for keeping your code clean. You have a solid understanding of development and can smoothly move from infrastructure to front-end. You have good communication skills and you find it stimulating to work in a dynamic and agile organization. Skills and Experience We come from many places and speak many languages. However, English is the official language of Axiomatics, so we need you to be fully fluent. As for the job in question: Java, Springboot/Dropwizard, Docker, React.js Jenkins, Bitbucket, Gradle, Git CI/CD TDD Cloud Micro services architecture Authentication/Authorization Bonus points – go ahead show off a little… SonarQube Selenium BDD OWASP Apply Does this sound like your next endeavour? Apply… or phone 073-424 85 82.