Emerging infectious diseases such as Zika, Ebola, Chikungunya and MERS are dangerous and unpredictable. Public health organizations need data as early as possible to predict disease spread and plan responses. Yet early data is very difficult to obtain, because it must be proactively collected from potential disease sources in the environment. Researchers estimate between 60 and 75% of emerging infectious diseases originate from animals, which are very difficult to monitor. Project Premonition aims to detect pathogens before they cause outbreaks - by turning mosquitoes into devices that collect data from animals in the environment. There are over 3,600 known species of mosquitoes, which bite a wide range of animals from dogs and chickens to snakes and mice. Each bite may collect a few microliters of blood, containing genetic information about the animal that was bitten and pathogens circulating in that animal. In fact, it has already been shown that the DNA collected from mosquitoes can be used to identify: (1) the types of animals that were bitten, (2) mosquito- borne diseases such as Zika and West Nile that infect both mosquitoes and hosts (e.g. humans and animals), and (3) previously unknown viruses of unknown origin. Responsibilities The Project Premonition team, part of the Healthcare NExT group with Microsoft's Artificial Intelligence & Research (AR+R) organization, is an interdisciplinary team operating at the intersection of robotics, genetics, and machine learning to build disruptive pathogen surveillance technologies. We are currently looking for a researcher with a background in metagenomics and viral discovery to bring cutting edge research ideas & expert execution to the development of new disease surveillance technologies. www.microsoft.com/premonition Qualifications Ph.D. in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Machine Learning, or a related field Preferred Publication record or product implementation record that demonstrates a deep understanding of the challenges of studying pathogens through genomic data. Experience in viral discovery, viral phylodynamics, or epidemiology A working knowledge of classical wet-lab techniques to study (novel) pathogens Experience working with very large genomic datasets Experience collaborating with interdisciplinary teams Humility and drive to be a "learn-it-all" Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.