Overview goPuff is a high-growth startup that is revolutionizing hyper-local e-commerce and the traditional convenience store business model. We warehouse and deliver thousands of products to your door super fast for a flat delivery fee of only $1.95. We're currently operating in 33 markets within the US and are expanding quickly. Love data? Love to build stuff? As a Data & Platforms PM at goPuff, you’ll own our internal data product roadmap and work closely with our team of data engineers to build the foundation for data-driven decision-making across the org. This is a newly created role within our full-stack data & analytics team that is designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact as the future success of goPuff will largely depend on the business and customer insights we derive from our data. Responsibilities Gather internal user stories, write specs / requirements and project manage the building/integration of data products/services and marketing platforms (e.g. Data warehouse ETLs for business use cases, BI tools, forecasting automation, customer profile and segmentation, advanced analytics, CRM platforms) Own data product roadmap and prioritization of data engineering projects Be the expert in how data flows throughout the business Be the liaison between internal business stakeholders and our data engineers Define and maintain data logging schemas and proactively engage with product/engineering teams to ensure proper upstream data logging is implemented Drive build vs buy evaluation for BI, advanced analytics & marketing platforms Communicate and educate business stakeholders on new data product and platform launches and feature releases. Qualifications Bachelors in Engineering, Business, or other quantitative discipline 4+ years of combined work experience in data analytics, data engineering and/or product management Experience and strong knowledge in data warehousing concepts, big data technologies, and analytics platforms (Schema design, AWS, Hadoop ecosystem, real-time data streaming, MPP databases like Redshift/Vertica, BI tools like Looker/Tableau) Proficient with SQL Bonus points: Proficiency in programming & scripting languages Excellent communication and presentation skills Top notch organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back