GENERAL SUMMARY & SCOPE The Store Operations Learning Program Designer is responsible for supporting the vision of the team to develop the associate of the future. This position will be responsible for, but not limited to: Development and sustainment of: Onboarding and functional operation training programs for field employees Collaborating and managing projects with subject matter experts. Using creativity in design thinking to recommend a training strategy with Gen Z learning needs in mind. Designing and delivering learnings in multiple formats with an emphasis on the user experience. Leveraging technology to reduce turnaround time with instructional design. Utilizing current learning trends when recommending a training path. Providing innovative, out-of-the-box solutions. Delivering infographic-focused training documentation. Creating communication strategies to market new trainings or updates to our field employees. Working closely with Market Trainers to lead change management initiatives. PRINCIPAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES (Essential Functions) The Store Operations Training Experience Senior Instructional Designer is a champion of Ulta Beauty’s mission, vision, and values, and should demonstrate them skillfully and consistently through the following (as well as all other projects/duties as assigned): Performance Controls voice and tone of documentation through communication, format, and design. Balances a heavy workload and seamlessly shifts focuses to deliver on changing business needs. Produces a well-thought out first drafts and integrates the Ulta Beauty brand image through internal associate training tools and resources. Provides out-of-the-box insight to the training strategy and the development of training plans. Stays relevant and up-to-speed on industry trends and training-related, technology, activities, and advancements through self-development, research, and attending meetings, conferences, or seminars. Develops strong partnerships with stores and cross-functional subject matter experts to gather, understand, and verify content. Communicates edits, feedback, and recommendations with tact and diplomacy. Participates in others’ development by sharing knowledge and best practices. Acts as a key consultant and subject matter expert to cross-functional partners, providing training expertise, perspective, and support. Exhibits a consistently positive, can-do attitude and willingness to be a team player. Process Evaluates the quality and effectiveness of training programs, identifies training needs and gaps in the field organization, and works in close collaboration with operations leadership and field partners to create, update, and improve training plans, programs, and supplemental documentation. Gathers content, writes, and updates training documentation including guides, PowerPoint presentations, visual aids, system tutorials/demonstrations, handouts, and other supporting materials, in alignment with operational and corporate strategy. Works to understand unfamiliar or complex information or ideas and converts into simple language, adjusting style to meet end-user needs. Ensures meetings are productive by proactively soliciting cross-functional content, organizing agendas and supporting materials, communicating concise notes, and following up on action items. JOB REQUIREMENTS Education Bachelor’s degree in instructional systems design, education, organizational development, business, or related field or equivalent professional experience. Advanced certificates or degrees desired. Experience 7+ years of experience with instructional systems design for e-learning, video development and instructor led training. Can demonstrate success with applying a systematic approach enhancing user experience in their training design. Experience in designing or editing graphics/photos for training courses and documentation. Demonstrated skill in video and audio editing. The following experience would be a plus: Retail, Mobile learning design, pull-based learning design, adaptive learning, using artificial intelligence (AI) in training, and applying data science (xAPI). Skills Knowledge of principles of adult learning and needs assessment techniques (ADDIE, SAM, Gagne, etc.). Competent with current knowledge on training for Generation Z Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong collaboration and interpersonal skills to influence innovative solutions Proven technical writing skills, including spelling, punctuation, proofreading, and grammar. Well-developed problem-solving skills and a fine eye for detail. Strong time management and organizational skills to effectively manage multiple projects and priorities. Expert level facilitation and presentation skills Intermediate to advanced skills, including, but not limited to Articulate 360 or Storyline learning development tools Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint Adobe programs: Photoshop, InDesign, and Illustrator Incorporating multiple media elements into learning programs SPECIAL POSITION REQUIREMENTS Applicants must provide a sample of a course they personally developed and complete a training development exercise. WORKING CONDITIONS Normal office demands Occasionally visit stores to develop an understanding of the store experience LIJF1