Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next- generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role As a Renewals Compliance Specialist, you will support the renewal sales team by reviewing customer quotes for completeness and accuracy. While reviewing renewal quotes, you’ll use various pricing techniques and strategies to ensure competitive and profitable company pricing targets. This position is a prime opportunity for someone looking to grow their career, while working directly with finance and sales. Your day-to-day Reviewing renewal Excel quote estimates, with a high attention to detail. Working directly with Sales Representatives, Deals Desk, and Sales Operations, to accurately review historical customer needs Understanding of Proofpoint’s pricing dynamics, customer trends, and margin targets Assist in creating renewal quotes that follow company guidelines and expectations Becoming an expert in Proofpoint products and processes What you bring to the team 2+ years in Order Entry, Sales Operations, Deals Desk or as a Pricing Analyst Self-motivated with a knack for being meticulous, accurate and detail oriented, while in a high-pressure environment Must have strong people/customer service skills Solid MS Office and Computer skills – knowing how to create formulas in Excel a plus Excellent analytical skills and enjoys working with numbers Capable working independently Ability to think outside the box, while understanding best pricing strategies Basic understanding of revenue and auditing requirements Bachelor’s Degree is required Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-JR1