Systems and Data Analyst Position Number 988322 Requisition No. S00938 Salary Range/Pay Rate Salary commensurate with education and experience Position Notes Compensation commensurate with education and experience. For more information on Oakland University’s salary structure and fringe benefits, please go to our website at http://www.oakland.edu/uhr/benefits Employee Group/Grade AP Band P Job Category Administrative-Professional Work Schedule FT/Reg (40 hours) Shift/Days This is a full-time position. First consideration will be given to those who apply by August 20, 2018. Pay Schedule Month Number of Hrs./Wk. 40 Position Information Position Information Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in management information systems, information technology, computer science, business, or related field or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Two year’s experience working with data and data analysis, data structures, data quality, maintenance and reporting, and using advanced features of tools such as Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Argos, and Cognos. Demonstrated experience in reporting and developing analytical reports. Demonstrated ability to document and process technology recommendations to improve operations. Ability to develop training materials. Experience supporting or working in a team environment. Excellent organizational and analytical skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Desired Qualifications Experience with a higher education technology system and with providing technology support to staff. Experience with enterprise software Ellucian Banner and related systems. Proficient with relational databases, experience reviewing/analyzing data structures and writing SQL queries. Proficient in at least one programming language (Java, CII, Python, SQL, JavaScript). Proficient with extract, transformation load (ETL) processes. Experience in website development and web languages. All Qualifications Unless otherwise required by an applicable collective bargaining agreement, all minimum, additional and desired qualifications are preferred, but qualifications, degrees, and/or experience deemed comparable and/or equivalent by Oakland University in its sole and exclusive discretion may be considered. Additional Qualifications Position Purpose Research, analyze, plan, and implement business intelligence initiatives supporting the strategic goals of the Financial Aid/Student Financial Services Office. Efforts include the creation of complex reports, databases, dashboards, infographics, and data analytics, and other relevant technologies for forecasting, process improvement, and record management. Maintain processes for effective data management and data integrity. Create and maintain documentation of business processes. Create and present technology training workshops. Support software systems. Provide office desktop support.