We’re searching for an experienced Network/Systems Engineer who will be responsible for developing and integrating V2X communication protocols for our client’s proprietary programs. By collaboratively and individually developing various unique & complex algorithms the selected candidate will support various statistical and predictive modeling activities associated with machine learning in an autonomous environment. Responsibilities Responsibilities: Research, evaluate and recommend state of the art technologies used in autonomous vehicles connectivity. Responsible for interfacing with research and advanced engineering teams to bring new connected vehicle concepts into production. Collaborates with a team of cross-functional domain experts for developing global connected vehicle engineering strategy. Works as part of a team defining and specifying V2X policies (Vehicle to Vehicle, Vehicle to Infrastructure, Vehicle to Grid, Vehicle to Network, Vehicle to Pedestrian, etc...) for autonomous vehicle connectivity development. Collaborates with a team of experts in Vehicle Electronics Integration, Spectrum of connectivity channels, cloud-based application systems and mobile applications integration in defining the requirements and specifications for autonomous vehicles development. Collaborates with a team of architects and vehicle systems engineers to break-down a connected vehicle feature into manageable chunks of functional components and distribute them across Vehicle, Cloud and Mobile App sub-systems / components. Responsible for developing complex technical specifications at vehicle sub-system level and correlating with ecosystem level architecture specifications. Works with cross functional groups to develop interoperability interfaces across sub systems and translate them into sub system level requirements for building state-of-the-art connected vehicle systems architecture. Responsible for engineering efficient connected vehicle features that integrate multiple sub-systems inside the vehicle. Conduct cost-benefit analysis and present architecture options to a large set of stake holders and gain cross functional alignment. Qualifications Requirements BS Engineering discipline in Computer Sciences or Electrical and Electronics Experience with embedded software design Experience with embedded component design, CAN Bus architecture, diagnostics and interoperability of embedded device messaging Experience identifying solutions, that leverage existing systems and assets, with creative solution definition methodology and focus on end to end lifecycle of the product/feature Strong understanding of wireless technologies IEEE WAVE DSRC V2X communication Previous experience developing protocols in LINUX w/ DSRC Experience w/ Python, C/C++ and UNIX