Description Keeping Washington Clean and Evergreen Protecting Washington State's environment for current and future generations is what we do every day at Ecology. We have a culture that is invested in making a difference. If you want to join a team that is highly effective, collaborative, has leadership that embraces the value of people, Ecology is a good fit. Our Administrative Services Program is looking to fill a Warehouse Operator 2 position. The position will be located in our Headquarters Building in Lacey, WA. The Warehouse Operator 2 position supports Ecology's mission by managing, surplusing, and disposing of agency resources in a sustainable and environmentally responsible manner. This position is responsible for receiving and delivering goods and supplies to support environmental staff in carrying out their responsibilities. We are looking for applicants with excellent customer service skills, the ability to stay focused while multi-tasking, and who enjoy working in a team environment. As an agency, our mission is to protect, preserve and enhance Washington's environment for current and future generations. We invest in our employees to create and sustain a working environment that encourages creative leadership, effective resource management, teamwork, professionalism and accountability. Maybe you've seen some of our recent stories on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or our blog. To learn more about our agency, please visit our website at www.ecology.wa.gov. Local efforts... Diverse people... Statewide impacts Duties The Staff Services team is part of Ecology's Administrative Services Division. The mission of the Administrative Services Division is to provide quality customer service and asset management to meet the agency's current and future business needs. Administrative Services includes facility and vehicle management, risk management, mail services, central records and public disclosure, and the library. Some of the key work activities of the Warehouse Operator 2 position include: Shipping and Receiving: Is responsible for physical receipt, assembly, order verifications, and sorting all incoming goods to Ecology HQ. Is responsible for proper handling, receipt, storage, and/or delivery of goods to include but not limited to fragile items, electronic equipment and parts, chemicals and hazardous/flammable liquids. Maintains on-going files of procurement documentation applicable to receipt and delivery of goods. Sends receiving paperwork to appropriate program and Fiscal Office sources to initiate payment to the vendor. Establishes daily delivery priorities through coordination with customers and other work priorities. Delivers all incoming goods to end users (Ecology programs and building tenants). Returns damaged items using appropriate means (i.e. commercial carrier, UPS, etc. Is the Back-up to Ecology's HQ mailroom. Is responsible for arrangement, cleanliness, security, and safety issues involving the Ecology Shipping and Receiving area of the Lacey HQ building (located in the basement loading/receiving area). Surplus and Inventory Management: Assists Warehouse Lead with surplus disposal tasks including data entry, packaging and loading for transport, and on-site storage. Is responsible for arrangement, packaging, cleanliness, security, and safety for storage of equipment to be sent to surplus. Assists in coordinating a statewide physical inventory of Ecology's assets. Is responsible for maintaining supply stock, determining stocking levels, and reorder points. Other tasks and requirements: Table and equipment set-up for meetings and events at Lacey HQ. Spreads ice melt and shovels snow. Must be able to push/pull and navigate wheeled carts safely. Communicates effectively, verbally and in writing, with co-workers, agency staff, private sector, and other governmental agency staff. Maintains effective working relationships. Participates in group processes and on teams. Provides positive, accurate, and pleasant customer service to internal and external customers. Assists supervisors and managers with projects. This position is expected to: Provide top-notch customer service to Ecology staff statewide on matters related to shipping & receiving, surplus disposal, and inventory management. Keep the HQ warehouse clean, safe, efficient, and organized. Be a positive, professional, and reliable part of the Ecology Staff Services team. What kinds of problems does this position get to solve? This position helps customers solve mysteries related to packages and deliveries. This position helps determine how Ecology disposes of surplus equipment and materials, always looking for opportunities to find sustainable, environmentally-responsible solutions. Interesting aspects of this position: This is a good opportunity to find stable, long-term employment with the State of Washington. This position works in a supportive, friendly team environment. This full-time position provides benefits and a set schedule of daytime hours. Challenging aspects of the position: This position may be required to work in confined spaces, on ladders, in maintenance areas, and on the grounds surrounding the facility, and may be required to lift up to 50 lbs. Culture of the team: The Staff Services group at Ecology is a fun, team oriented, and hard-working group of professionals who enjoy collaborating with Ecology staff including scientists, engineers, and planners in support of Ecology's mission to protect, preserve, and enhance Washington's environment. Qualifications Required Qualifications High school graduation diploma or GED certificate. One (1) year of clerical or technical experience in retail clerking, warehousing, stock keeping, shipping & receiving, and operation of material handling equipment. Physical ability to do warehouse work (may be required to lift up to 50 lbs). Basic knowledge in the use of power and hand tools. Good customer service skills. Preferred/Desired Qualifications Experience with or knowledge of forklift operations and safety. General knowledge of the use of computers and Microsoft Office software. Special Requirements and Conditions of Employment A valid Driver's License. Ability to obtain forklift certification. Why work for Ecology? Joining Ecology means becoming a part of a team committed to protecting and restoring Washington State's environment. A career in public service allows you to help solve some of the most challenging problems facing our state, while keeping the health and financial security of you and your family a priority. We combine one of the most competitive benefits packages in the nation with a strong commitment to work/life balance. Ecology employees may be eligible for the following: Medical/Dental/Vision for employee & dependent(s), Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), Vacation, Sick, and other Leave, 11 Paid Holidays per year, Public Service Loan Forgiveness, Tuition Waiver, Long Term Disability & Life Insurance, Deferred Compensation Programs, Dependent Care Assistance Program (DCAP), Flexible Spending Arrangement (FSA), Employee Assistance Program, Commute Trip Reduction Incentives (Download PDF reader), Combined Fund Drive, SmartHealth Student debt and how working for Ecology can help Employees may be eligible for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) Program, which forgives the remaining balance on your Direct Loans after you have made 120 qualifying monthly payments under a qualifying repayment plan while working full-time for a qualifying employer. See https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/public- service for more details. See the Benefits tab in this announcement for more information Supplemental Information Application Instructions Please include the following documents as an attachment to your application: A cover letter describing how your experience, skills and abilities meet the required qualifications of this position. A resume outlining your professional experience. Please complete the applicant profile when applying for this position. Or, you may paste the text of your resume within the profile's resume text field. Please read the supplemental questions carefully and answer completely. Incomplete responses, including "please see resume" may disqualify you from further consideration. Department of Ecology employees, please make sure to answer the agency-wide questions regarding permanent status as a classified employee within the Washington General Service or Washington Management Service. Do not forget to select Department of Ecology as a response to question 2, and type your personnel ID number for question 3. If you are not sure of your status or do not know your personnel ID number, please contact Human Resources at (360) 407-6186. If you are reading this announcement in print format, please visit www.careers.wa.gov to access the online recruitment system. Click on "Look for Jobs" and select Dept. of Ecology under the "Department" search list. Click "Apply Search." Other Information If you need assistance applying for this job, please call Human Resources at (360) 407-6186 or e-mail careers@ecy.wa.gov. Please do not call this number or send an email to this address to follow-up the status of your application. You can view the latest status of your application on your profile's main page. If you have specific questions about the position, please email Hanna Waterstrat at: hanna.waterstrat@ecy.wa.gov. Please do not contact Hanna to inquire about the status of your application. The act of submitting application materials electronically is considered affirmation that the information is complete and truthful. The state may verify this information and any untruthful or misleading answers are cause for rejection of your application or dismissal if employed. This is a position covered by a bargaining unit for which the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE) is the exclusive representative. The Washington State Department of Ecology is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a working environment that includes and respects cultural, racial, ethnic, sexual orientation and gender identity diversity. Women, racial and ethnic minorities, persons of disability, persons over 40 years of age, veterans or people with military status, and people of all sexual orientations and gender identities are encouraged to apply. Persons needing accommodation in the application/testing process or this job announcement in an alternative format may call (360) 407-6186. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call the Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388.