ABOUT US Bright Health is delivering a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. Our affordable health insurance plans and exclusive partnerships with leading health systems are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health. Today, Bright Health provides health insurance to individuals in Colorado, Arizona, and Alabama in both the Individual and Medicare Advantage space. Our mission? Making Healthcare Right. Together. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Bright Health’s Analytics Team is working to push boundaries to redefine what strong analytics can accomplish in health care. As our hands-on Tableau Admin/Developer, you will create and manage our Tableau Server Sites, and preform all administration tasks for the BI tool. This includes job scheduling, deployment of code into production environments, and developing tableau workbooks from multiple data sources. You will establish and manage connections with other environments for obtaining data. REQUIREMENTS 5+ years IT experience. 3+ years of experience as a Tableau Administrator. 2+ years of Tableau development. 2+ years of Relational Database Design and Maintenance. Working experience in AWS environment is a must. Tableau Desktop and Server Certified Professional preferred. Bachelor’s Degree or comparable work experience. Computer Science or similar preferred Five years (minimum) of work experience as a Tableau Admin, and Development of Tableau reports. You have 2+ years of experience working across healthcare data in technical capacities. Deep understanding of ETL, data modeling, and SQL database Experience in setting up repositories, users and security management Experience with Tableau server sizing, clustering Experience with all features of Tableau – Data Sources, Extracts, Variety of Data Visualizations Hands-on experience with Tableau tool and demonstrate expertise with complex data visualizations and Data Modeling Using SQL code to develop procedures & views ATTRIBUTES You have strong knowledge of claims data, prior authorization data, and provider-side data from working in healthcare. Hands on experience as a Tableau System administrator You are a results driven individual who focuses on the best and most efficient avenue for achieving results. You are an effective collaborator who can work well with the functional team as well as others in the organization to align on timelines and effective delivery of a project or task. Comfortable working independently within a team environment. We've won some fun awards like: Great Places to Work, Modern Healthcare, Forbes, etc. But more than anything, we're a group of people who are really dedicated to our mission in healthcare. Come join our growing team!