Bellevue,Washington,United States BAUGP3 Boeing’s Enterprise Cloud Services group is in need of a Mid-Level Software Developer for OpenStack Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) to join the Private Cloud team in Bellevue, WA. This role of OpenStack Developer will be responsible for building solutions to enhance and streamline the adoption and use of the service and is a key member of the well balanced team to provide a mature service for the Boeing Company. This position includes working daily in and agile methodology including Pairing with other developers and team members. Primary responsibilities include: Learn about technologies, processes, and procedures of Boeing IT in order to successful integrate the Openstack service. Build and Maintain software applications using modern development methods. Ability to develop documentation for the purpose of defining processes to be used by the OpenStack team, as well as develop documentation for user consumption when necessary. Participate as a team member in agile methodologies. Able to consult on the use of cloud technologies, agile practices and Digital transformation environment (DTE). Manage infrastructure resources for future capacity and plan accordingly. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Significant experience with multiple programing languages including C, Python, Java etc. Experience utilizing Test Driven Ddevelopment and understanding of CI/CD Experience with a cloud-based service Practical Experience working on a team utilizing a continuous delivery model Experience working in the Digital Transformation Environment (DTE) Lab or equivalent Understanding of IT processes Ability to gain knowledge related to Boeing IT’s complex ecosystem and apply it to the Openstack strategic direction. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): OpenStack Development experience (Infrastructure as a service) Cloud Foundry Development experience (platform as a service) OpenShift/Kubernetes experience Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 3 or more years' or a PhD degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company