Basic Function & Scope of Job Perform excellent customer service and a wide variety of specialized duties involved in the support and maintenance of Enrollment Management: Financial Aid, Records & Registration & Student Accounting Services and Admissions. This position is the initial contact point for students, both in person and on the phone at the GGU Hub Customer Service Desk. Essential Functions Provide front desk and telephone coverage for Enrollment Management, Financial Aid, Records & Registration & Student Accounting Services. Answer multiple lines, transferring calls to the appropriate party. Retrieve and deliver voice mail messages. Schedule student appointments with appropriate departments. Handle complaints, provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits and follow up to ensure resolution. Explain university policies and procedures relating to admission to prospective students and university staff. Provide assistance to students regarding admissions processes, procedures, forms, deadlines and other pertinent requirements. Assist students, staff and faculty in solving problems related to admission. Provide backup assistance to Registration and Student Records functions. Retrieves information from an on-line student records system. Updates/changes student records on-line in a timely manner. Refers specific inquiries or difficult/complex queries directly to the appropriate area or department regarding grades, appeals, exemptions, fee deferrals, etc. Provide cashier services Distribute Book Vouchers for qualifying Financial Aid Students Manage relationship with international admitted students, advise and register newly admitted International Students. Organize and assist with international student check in. Data entry of admissions applications. Trouble shoots issues with daily data entry of application process. Qualifications, Education & Experience Ability to: Communicate clearly and effectively, both verbally and in writing. Multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively. Understand, correctly interpret and effectively communicate University policies and procedures. Skills: Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills. Excellent phone contact handling and active listening skills Detail-oriented, problem solving & conflict resolution Familiarity with CRM systems and practices Excellent presentation skills. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor's degree preferred. At least three years customer service experience required. Experience with student records, registration, financial aid, accounts, privacy, and other student services in a higher education setting strongly preferred. Experience with technology designed to enhance customer service desired; experience with Ellucian applications and/or Salesforce tools preferred. Supplemental Information To apply: Please go to http://www.ggu.edu/jobs and submit an application, letter of interest, and a resume. In applying for a position, candidates sign a consent authorizing a broader inquiry which may include reference checks, a motor vehicle check, and a third party background check. Golden Gate University is an equal employment opportunity employer. We support inclusive excellence and are committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. University policy prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, gender stereotyping, and gender identity, taking a protected leave (e.g. family medical or pregnancy leave), or on any other basis protected by applicable laws. The University has a strong commitment to the principles of diversity and inclusion, and to maintaining working and learning environments that reinforces these practices. The University welcomes and encourages applications from all especially women, minorities, people of color, veterans, persons with disabilities, and members of the LGBTQI community. Golden Gate University annually collects information about campus crimes and other reportable incidents in accordance with the Federal Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act. To view the Golden Gate University Report, please go to http://www.ggu.edu/media/employee/documents/facilities/street-smarts-annual- security-report.pdf (Download PDF reader).