At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll… 1) Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. 2) Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.3) Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. 4) Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry- leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries PhD degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. Who are we seeking? We’re looking for a Software Engineer to help build and integrate industry- leading web technologies that help us with our mission. Come join our start-up culture, wear many hats, work fast and smart, while adapting and iterating quickly. We are looking for someone who is ready to roll-up their sleeves and join a tightly-knit team that is seeking a very interesting and meaningful opportunity. Responsibilities Leadership role, technical and people leadership Developing and maintaining core system features Helping define product features, drive the system architecture, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product Working with product manager, UX researchers and other engineers to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology, and evaluate technical feasibility Operate in a dynamic environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules Basic Qualifications Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, Mathematics, or related technical field 5+ years of experience leading a SWE team Familiar with programming languages such as C/C++ or Python and open-source technologies. Experience with OO design and common design pattern Knowledge with data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs Preferred Qualifications Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability Experience optimizing for short term execution while planning for long term technical capabilities Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies Ability to produce code that is fault-tolerant, efficient, and maintainable Academic and/or industry experience with standard AI and ML techniques, NLU, and scientific thinking Experience working effectively with science, data processing, and software engineering teams Ability and willingness to multi-task and learn new technologies quickly Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences