User Experience Designer Power is seeking a User Experience Designer to join the team at our HQ office outside of Philadelphia, PA. This designer will have the ability to define how internal users will interact with our homegrown systems. We are looking for a collaborative UX designer, with front end development skills, who is passionate about creating phenomenal tools that people genuinely want to use. What we do here Fancy a unique work environment that is constantly pushing you to try something new? or perhaps stretch your skills by designing for an industry you’ve always wanted to improve? At Power, we build our own application suite of products to run our entire business. We build complete solutions for finance, recruiting, sales, contact center and even meeting software. These are just some of the areas you’ll get an opportunity to tackle. We also design solutions for augmented reality in the home, satellite photo measurements and artificial intelligence suggestion engines. We get to dip our toes in many different fascinating areas and solve unique challenging problems that would on their own, be standalone apps or companies. We’re a tech powerhouse built inside a remodeling company. Our teams are distributed so we live and die by our ability to successfully collaborate. We communicate using our own slack chat client. We use our own handoff tools to support our User Experience team to create and collaborate with development and business groups. Like design systems? We also believe that a design system unites product teams around a common visual language, so we’ve built 2 open source projects to support this effort called Playbook. The user experience team is a small and diverse team made up of UX Designers and UX Engineers. We value diversity of all types at Power and our team is made up of a kind, thoughtful group of people with a wide range of backgrounds. We actively try to find people with different perspectives and experiences to the ones we already have. With a distributed group it’s important to connect in person, so we fly the whole team to Philadelphia 3 times a year for our week long event called Create, which focuses on connecting and learning from each other and the business. At Power we have all the upsides of a startup, move fast, ship rapidly and iterate quickly, but with the benefit of an established organization that is well funded and profitable. The biggest perk of working at Power is that we have a small, talented team with a very large audience. This means you have the ability to make a huge impact on the product and the company, while having really interesting and challenging problems to work on. We believe deeply in what we do and we're all in this to build something lasting, sustainable and positive. Power has been awarded Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT, Fortune Magazine’s 1 Workplace for Millennials, one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work, one of Inc. 5000’s Fastest Growing Private Companies, and Philadelphia Magazine Coolest Companies. Qualifications: An online portfolio or samples of work showing relevant experience A minimum of 3 years of industry experience in product design. Ability to design projects across the entire product lifecycle. Experience with front-end development Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills Strong collaboration skills across disciplines to drive change into products Ability to manage and work on multiple projects concurrently Experience working with and building design systems Ability to define problems and goals, map user flows, prototype interactions Ability to support the building process across with development A deep understanding of user problems to create elegant but practical solutions Thorough knowledge of many design approaches, methodologies and lo-fi and high-fi prototyping skills Ability to identify problems and act on opportunities to improve the product Nice to have: Ruby on Rails, and or React.js experience Salary and Benefits: Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program matched by Power Competitive salary - We pay very well at market rates reflecting both location and experience. All the tech you need - We'll pay for whatever hardware and software you need to work and make sure you're regularly upgraded to the latest versions Personal development - Personal development books, courses, & conferences. Paid parental leave - When the time comes to welcome a new member of the family, we offer paid parental leave. 3 events per year focused on internal development and improvement.