Overview HonorHealth is a non-profit, local healthcare organization known for community service and outstanding medical quality. HonorHealth encompasses five acute care hospitals with approximately 11,500 employees and 4,500 volunteers, over 70 primary and specialty care practices, clinical research, medical education, an inpatient rehabilitation hospital, an Accountable Care Organization, two foundations, and extensive community services. HonorHealth is a leader in medical innovation, talent and technology with a genuine commitment to your growth. The health system's vibrant careers take place in an environment filled with opportunity and respect because we see the HONOR in you. Qualifications Education High School Diploma or GED Required Experience 2 years general office or dbase experience Required Responsibilities Job Summary The Database Specialist – Medical Staff Services enters and maintains data in master databases (i.e. Midas, MedCredentials, Meditech and the Website). Assists the Administrator of Medical Staff Services in the compilation and assembly of special medical staff projects (e.g. Annual Report, Board of Directors Orientation, New physician orientation, etc). Performs a full range of clerical functions in support of department staff and management. Coordinates all activities of the initial phase of Medical Staff and Allied Health applicants. Receives and data enters information for various applications and follows through on missing information. Enters information and updates into Midas, Meditech, and Connect to include complete biographical profile on new physician and updates and entries for provisional and biennial reappointment of existing medical staff. Accurately document minutes within 72 hours following meeting. Meeting follow-up initiated within one week following meeting. Connect Training Schedule AH & MS. On-Call Schedules for DV & NM. Generates reports and labels for mailings and meetings as requested by Medical Staff Services and departments throughout the hospital. Maintains master physician database for Midas, Meditech, Forward Advantage and the website. Maintains physician files in an orderly manner, making sure all appropriate documents are filed. Maintains provider rosters for portal throughout the network. Maintains and regularly updates specific physician biographical data in Midas, Meditech and Forward Advantage databases and website. Generates reports as needed from systems for inter-department use. Phones physician offices regarding meeting attendance, malpractice coverage and DEA certification, etc. Notifies all database users of any provider additions and/or changes monthly. Downloads information from the Internet and conducts searches as needed for project work. Maintains and keeps current all departmental data bases at the time of appointment and reappointment. Maintains and updates the Network Webpage Master for Hospital's Website. Responsible for the timely response of Affiliation Letters to/from Valley Hospitals. Performs a full range of clerical functions in support of department staff and management including document preparation, filing, office administration, office equipment maintenance and supply procurement is performed within departmental standards and within budgetary guidelines as evidenced by observation and audit. Coordinates with Reprographics to get printing completed and mailed within the timeframe given.