At Red Hat, we connect an innovative community of customers, partners, and contributors to deliver an open source stack of trusted, high-performing solutions. We offer cloud, Linux, middleware, storage, and virtualization technologies, together with award-winning global customer support, consulting, and implementation services. Red Hat is a rapidly growing company supporting more than 90% of Fortune 500 companies. Job summary The Red Hat OpenShift Operations team is looking for a Cloud Compliance Engineer to join us in San Francisco, CA. In this role, you will help the team face a lot of new monitoring, compliance, and reporting requirements. You’ll serve as a point of contact on compliance issues between Product Security, InfoSec, and the Service Delivery teams. As a Cloud Compliance Engineer, you will also serve as a point of contact for follow-ups on customer privacy with the security of our offerings, compliance questions, and audits of our managed service offerings. Primary job responsibilities Design, develop, directly implement, document, support, and participate in ongoing operations of cloud security solutions Participate in cloud operations, deployment guidance, and best practices Implement and control the flow of data to and from cloud environments Perform security and performance monitoring; develop and manage system-level alerts, monitor dashboards, establish metrics, and enforce cloud policy Document security operating procedures Partner with other associates on the Cloud Security team within service delivery in defining and implementing architectural vision Conduct and perform technical reviews for compliance Participate in 24x7 coverage support Required skills Experience working with product security, InfoSec, and deployment teams Experience working in Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), or Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) companies Experience coordinating responses across multiple teams Experience leading and inspiring people Experience as a cloud compliance engineer for Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Experience with containers, Kubernetes, or OpenShift by Red Hat is a plus Red Hat is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, uniformed services, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Red Hat does not seek or accept unsolicited resumes or CVs from recruitment agencies. We are not responsible for, and will not pay, any fees, commissions, or any other payment related to unsolicited resumes or CVs except as required in a written contract between Red Hat and the recruitment agency or party requesting payment of a fee.