JOB DESCRIPTION CLOUD ARCHITECT WHO IS SPR? SPR guides organizations through digital transformations and rejuvenations, solving real problems for real people. As a strategic digital consultancy, we focus on business outcomes for our clients, helping them make data driven decisions and increase engagement with their customers, partners and employees. We evolve existing platforms and develop new products, and utilize technology to maintain operational effectiveness. We are technologists at our core and think beyond the math of the 1s and 0s to understand how to reach our human potential using the digital platform. We think about the end users and rigorously and creatively apply the latest technologies and frameworks to address our clients’ needs. To do this, we hire smart technologists and sharp business leaders who are excellent communicators and have an interest in working on multiple projects across industries. SPR offers a great environment for employees to learn, to build systems that make an impact, and to tackle exciting challenges. With our office’s “Maker Space”, you can explore your IoT side and develop fun projects with 3D printing and CNC machining. We operate in a fun, casual work environment and have great benefits including: competitive salary, bonuses, generous vacation time, big fitness incentives, and medical/dental/vision insurance. By joining the SPR team, you’ll be using your brain, working hard and making an impact through your projects – and you’ll be rewarded for it. WHAT IS THE POSITION? As a member of the Cloud Infrastructure team at SPR, this individual will be in a client facing delivery focused role. The Cloud Infrastructure Architect is a technical project role that is responsible for deploying cloud focused solutions for Enterprises. The Cloud Infrastructure Architect is a highly motivated individual with a solid technical background in Microsoft Azure, AWS, DevOps, Windows / Linux, and Microsoft System Center. The potential candidate needs to have outstanding project management and customer service skills, be well spoken, and have excellent follow through. As a Cloud Infrastructure Architect, you will be responsible for portions for deploying cloud based applications and technology solutions. Work directly with the rest of the cloud team and the Account management teams to help educate clients in the benefits of Azure and cloud technologies. Engage directly with clients to run workshops, strategy sessions, and proof of concepts as you help organizations start to move to the cloud. Develop solutions and technology demonstrations that demonstrate SPR Consulting’s mindshare and expertise in the areas of Azure IaaS, and other cloud-based solutions. Function as a hands-on resource in the development, deployment and ongoing management of Cloud infrastructure solutions Participate in the development of proposals and business development activities Work with the Cloud infrastructure management team on forward thinking solutions that capitalize on current and future trends in the fields of Cloud infrastructure PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Possess working knowledge of standard methodologies, concepts, best practices and procedures in enterprise IT environments Strong technical knowledge in Microsoft Datacenter solutions (Storage, Compute, Network) Strong technical knowledge of Azure IaaS / PaaS / SaaS based solutions and Azure AD / ADFS Excellent organizational, verbal and written communications skill Demonstrated skills presenting complex analytic topics in client facing situations PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with Office 365, Exchange, and Hybrid messaging deployment strategies a plus Experience with AWS API Gateway, Lambda, DynamoDB Current relevant certificates Experience implementing real-time management and monitoring tools String scripting experience in any of the following (PowerShell, Python, Ruby, Bash) Experience with any DevOps tools (Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Airflow) a plus EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE The candidate will have 2+ years of hands on cloud or DevOps experience The candidate should have 5-7+ years of relevant experience in DevOps, WebApps, Virtualization, Networking, or Datacenter technologies. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a related field If this sounds like the kind of challenge you would be up for every day, we would love to hear from you.