Position Summary As Discovery Communications’ portfolio continues to grow – around the world and across platforms – the Global Technology & Operations team is building media technology and IT systems that meet the world class standard for which Discovery is known. GT&O; builds, implements and maintains the business systems and technology that are critical for delivering Discovery’s products, while articulating the long-term technology strategy that will enable Discovery’s growing pay-TV, digital terrestrial, free-to-air and online services to reach more audiences on more platforms. From Amsterdam to Singapore and from satellite and broadcast operations to SAP, we are driving Discovery forward on the leading edge of technology. The Global Data Analytics team enables Discovery Communications to turn data into action. Using big data platforms, data warehousing and business intelligence technology, audience data, advanced analytics, data science, visualization, and self-service analytics, this team supports company efforts to increase revenue, drive ratings, and enhance consumer engagement. The Director of Data Strategy & Analytics will work as both a strategic business partner and technical resource lead for internal stakeholders in the Advertising Sales, Digital Media, and Media Strategy departments, collaborating to inform key business decisions and develop high-profile data solutions. This person will lead a team in developing data products to support cross- platform advanced advertising, targeted marketing, and digital media performance reporting. He or she will direct the design of holistic and efficient solutions across departments and use cases globally, overseeing projects from the beginning stages of requirements gathering all the way to final product delivery. Thus, this role will require a strong analytical leader who is comfortable completing and overseeing technical work (such as writing and reviewing code) but who can also clearly communicate to executive stakeholders. He or she will be expected to present findings and be an influencer of the direction of data analytics throughout the company. This person will need both creativity and attention to detail as they envision and build data solutions that change the face of the TV industry. Responsibilities 1\. Work with stakeholders to understand key business opportunities and translate those into a clear, actionable data strategy 2\. Manage large-scale data vendor negotiations and relationships 3\. Direct data projects from beginning to end, including gathering and articulating technical requirements and then playing an active role throughout the execution of those requirements 4\. Interact often with clients to clearly and concisely communicate complex data processes and results 5\. Clearly explain to technical and non-technical people the intricacies of new data sources and connections 6\. Provide thought leadership on data-driven digital ad tech, paid media measurement, and 7\. Create repeatable processes to support scalable data solutions 8\. Stay current with new analytical tools and industry trends 9\. Work closely with the Data Technology team to extract, transform and load new data sources Requirements Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, computer science, etc.). Master’s degree preferred. Minimum of 7-10 years proven business experience and technical expertise in data analytics Previous management experience (3-5 years minimum) Extensive experience with SQL databases Foundational abilities with statistical programming languages (Python, R, etc.) Knowledge of digital data technologies (DMPs, DSPs, SSPs, java script tagging, digital pixel tracking, etc.) Familiarity with people-based marketing principles and technologies Strong analytical, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills Excellent communication and presentation skills Ability to present complex information in a concise and compelling manner Experience with modern statistical learning methods preferred General knowledge of or direct experience with the media industry a plus Experience with Amazon Web Services (RedShift, S3, EC2, EMR, etc.) preferred Proficiency with data visualization tools, like Tableau preferred Must have legal right to work in the United States New York, NYC, New York City