Microsoft’s Education team is looking for an experienced Account Executive (AE) to support sales with strategic EDU ISVs and K20 accounts in CA and the Western United States. Responsibilities The Account Executive role is a core member of the account sales team and is responsible for driving sales, deployment, and successful utilization of the Microsoft (MS) platform to managed K-12 and Higher Education customers. While the Account Executive will not have any direct reports; the account manager will lead a virtual team including technical specialists, solution specialists, and key stakeholders within the various support organizations across the business, including partners. An Account Executive will be expected to remain abreast and knowledgeable of key trends within the national, regional, and local education landscapes bringing thought leadership and relevance across their account space. Core responsibilities will include: Leading with a Challenger mindset to drive a unique sales experience by using specific skills to create a rational and emotional case for change for their customers. Attainment of all revenue goals, driving platform design wins and maintaining high customer satisfaction. Establishing and nurturing trusted advisor relationships across an organization from the Provost, President, Departmental Heads, to Superintendents, Academic Leaders, and Educators. Developing and implementing strategies to drive the use of cloud, especially Azure. Developing and implementing strategies to drive active usage of Microsoft technologies like Office 365, OneNote, and Windows among faculty and students. Developing and executing a partner engagement plan to extend reach and increase solution adoption. Maintaining world class sales excellence within CRM hygiene, forecasting, and reporting. Qualifications A proven track record selling to Education and/or Public Sector accounts with history of exceeding revenue goals while establishing themselves as a trusted advisor. Ability to understand a customer's business issues and work with the account team to architect a buying vision around Microsoft solutions that solve business issues. Ability to develop complex sales strategies with clearly defined goals, strategies and tactics, each with defined metrics for measurement. Manage all aspects of the relationship between the customer, Microsoft, and industry partners. Effectively use executive resources at Microsoft to move opportunities forward. Excellent written and verbal skills. Knowledge of Microsoft licensing programs. A successful track record of exceeding revenue goals. Firm grasp of Microsoft technologies and strategic direction. A deep understanding of the competitive ecosystem Education BA/BS degree is preferred. Advanced Degree is a plus. Applicants must reside in the territory, ideally in Los Angeles, CA. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.