As a member of the Google Cloud Communications team, you will collaborate with other cross-functional teams to communicate with journalists and thought leaders, develop specific communications materials and devise thought leadership campaigns. You'll engage in face-to-face meetings with internal executives and external opinion formers, develop print and web-based materials supporting these campaigns, and counter misinformation that may impact business and our ability to serve our users. As a Communications Manager, you'll manage media relations for our Google Cloud Compute products and Google Cloud developer tools. You will build compelling communications campaigns that highlight the advantages of our Cloud Compute products including Compute Engine, Container Engine, App Engine and Cloud Functions and showcasing the developer tools and libraries that are optimized for Google Cloud Platform. You will work as a close advisor with Product Management, Engineering, and Developer Relations teams to build external communications materials. It's our job to help inform and educate users, advertisers, partners, opinion leaders-and our own employees-about the benefits of Google's products, our distinctive company culture/values, and our approach to the big public policy issues of the day. We are looking for quick-witted, entrepreneurial and intellectually curious people to join the team. To succeed here, you'll need to be able to combine creativity with the organizational skills to manage numerous different projects to tight deadlines simultaneously, as well as enjoy pitching to all kinds of journalists, bloggers and commentators (we find it hard too!), or producing internal communications and events for our employees. Things happen quickly at Google and to get stuff done here you need to be an enthusiastic team player - a self-starter who can work cross- functionally and isn't frightened to take risks or try out new ways of doing things. Responsibilities Work closely with our Compute and Developer teams to distill technical concepts into coherent and easy-to-understand communications material, including regular outreach to press, developers and cloud partners. Build proactive media campaigns highlighting our compute products and developer services, the diverse and inspiring range of people on our Google Cloud teams, and the tangible ways Google Cloud Platform benefits businesses, developers, and partners through our products and developer tools. Communicate to mainstream audiences the advantages of Google Cloud Platform, helping build interesting demos, review programs, creative developer events, and other innovative programs. Develop and maintain close, productive relationships with teams across Google, journalists, key partners and influencers in tech and mainstream press. Measure and report on our communications impact. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in PR, media, or communications. Preferred qualifications: Experience in providing communications guidance to Product and Engineering team members and devising communications strategies. Experience with current container services, orchestration platforms, and open source tools for cloud. Experience in working with influencers, press and analysts covering containers, compute platforms and open source technology. Ability to quickly learn about various areas of developer tools and documentation. Ability to prioritize workloads and be adaptable within a fast-paced environment as business needs change. Excellent written and verbal communications and creative skills, with the ability to develop impactful communications for press and social media. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.