The National Restaurant Association has unique opportunity for a solutions- driven and highly collaborative Manager of Learning & Development Operations. As an integral member of our Product Development team, you will be responsible for deploying and managing the Association’s online training and certification products in its licensed learning systems and supporting development, testing, and staging environments. The learning products offered by the National Restaurant Association reach over a million students a year, providing our global audience with innovative, engaging training across multiple platforms. We produce a wide range of products, from textbooks to custom online courses to mobile applications. Leading the creation and implementation of the processes and protocols by which our product and exam development teams engage with the systems and assets, you will be expected to evaluate, implement, and manage systems to provide the best possible user experience while ensuring the organization’s strategic product goals are met. Position requires proven experience with learning management, exam management, and digital-development technologies as well as process development, plus an ability to ensure the execution and organization of a large volume of information in accessible, simple ways. Ideal candidates bring minimum eight years of experience in LMS administration and/or deployment of digital learning and deep functional knowledge of digital education delivery tools, including LMS and eLearning authoring tools. Must bring a highly collaborative and team-driven spirit, and an eagerness to drive results in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment. Responsibilities: Work as part of the Learning & Development team to accomplish Association goals. Assist the Vice President, Learning & Development, to accomplish departmental goals; collaborate and support other functional leaders in the L&D team. Support all internal team members and departments following the Association mission and values while promoting Association culture. Manage the deployment of the Association’s licensed content-development and learning systems, ensuring the systems are organized and leveraged to maximum efficiency. Direct change management related to systems, including but not limited to training and process development. Oversee the development and implementation of processes to ensure the deployment of products, exams, roles, and reporting as specified by product managers. Identify opportunities for improvements within the systems to maximize use and streamline user experience (both internal and external). Establish guidelines and protocols for developing and publishing product and exam assets; develops archiving and analytics that support business goals Collaborate with IT to oversee system upgrades and system licensing; trains internal users, members, and clients as needed in LMS administration; troubleshoots and offers technical support for internal staff when needed Defines and leads the testing / QA process for digital deployments from development through staging, including UAT. Work cross-functionally with other departments, maintaining critical relationships with the other leaders in Learning & Development, Exam Development, Customer Service, Sales, and IT to ensure our division is positioned to achieve its strategic goals. Consult as required to help with system integrations and client-specific needs (both internal and external). Proactively research and track trends in the digital education sphere to ensure systems are current and positioned for future success. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in IT, Educational Technology, Curriculum Design, or related field. Strong communication skills verbal, written and presentation. Self-motivated, customer focused, and strong ability to build collaborative partnerships. Ability to drive efforts to completion while motivating a team in a positive manner. Sound business judgment; accurately identify situations that require upper-management consultation from those that allow for independent decision-making Ability to troubleshoot technology-related challenges with calm and a methodical escalation process. Computer proficiency across MS Office including strong Excel and PowerPoint skills; ability to learn other computer software programs as needed. Highly adaptable, flexible; responsive and accepting of change. Strong interpersonal and diplomacy skills. Highly effective organizational, time-management, prioritization and documentation skills. Sees big picture, connecting daily activity with long-term goals. Ability to cope with change and ambiguity occurring at a fast pace. Ability to accept constructive feedback from team members and supervisors; address conflict professionally and productively.