About the team Our Agent Care team works directly with our paying real estate agents to troubleshoot technical issues on our website. In this role you are providing phone, e-mail and chat support to our agents to help them uncover problems with our site, their personal Zillow web page and any other issues that inhibit them from having a user-friendly experience. We have a solid training program in place to set our team members up for success, but we ask that you have the basic foundation. About the role Are you a technical sleuth who has the ability to dig into web interface problems? Do you follow through with time sensitive matters and enjoy finding solutions to customer issues? Then our Agent Care team wants to hear from you! Who you are Who you are You should have at least one-year experience in a high volume inbound customer service role or communications role Bachelor's Degree is required Experience with SalesForce, Zendesk or other help desk platforms is preferred, but if you have a consistent track record of picking up new CRM’s at the drop of a hat that’s the technical aptitude we are looking for Ability to handle large quantities of paying customers at all stages in the resolution process and follow-up with them on details pertaining to where we are in resolving their issue Organizational ability to respond to all new customers with listing and profile issues and take ownership of resolving existing customer problems Bandwidth to fully comprehend our Zillow product suite so you are able to understand customers’ subscriptions and move on to the trouble shooting Adaptable when it comes to ongoing changes in process and structure while still keeping a positive attitude and being a team leader Collaborative mindset that enjoys working within a team and other departments to find solutions that help our real estate professionals continue to find success with our products Have a super positive can-do attitude See customer service as vital to the success of an organization Incredible communications and interpersonal skills A quick and flexible learner Ability to deliver bad news with care Excellent problem-solving skills, with a technical aptitude. A quick and flexible learner. We move quickly here and the industry moves quickly, so we need someone willing and able to grow with us. Able to adapt to ad-hoc changes in processes and products Schedules include working at least one weekend. Saturday or Sunday. If you are ready to take on the biggest step in your career with the leading real estate platform, apply now! Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._