What you’ll be doing... As the Cloud Infrastructure Planner (CIP) you will be responsible for designing and architecting innovative infrastructure services in the Verizon Cloud Platform. You will be responsible for network planning of the cloud overlay & design solutions utilizing architectural best practices. You will interface with other peer HQ planning groups, Engineering and operation teams. To be a successful Cloud Infrastructure Planner, you will be proficient in system administration, network administration, and the virtualization disciplines and excel in technical theory and documentation. You should welcome innovative ideas and concepts, bring out of the box ideas to the forefront and drive strategic directions of the Verizon Cloud Platform. Responsible for the planning of vision and strategy of VCP and translate it into well-define features and capabilities with Roadmap and timelines. Responsible for Planning & Design solution utilizing architectural best practices that meet VCP. Responsible for the creation and maintenance of architectural reference documents which ensure consistent deployable network designs. Effectively communicating with cloud engineering and operational teams on VCP Evolution. Responsible for working with the tenant to communicate VCP requirements and specifications. Create Network Impact Assessments document used for budgetary purposes and outlines a conceptual design, collected requirements and related cost to the business. Provide network recommendations and improvements to the Senior Management team. Provide expert guidance to the teams on new solutions and designs. Evolution of the cloud infrastructure that are highly available and support business continuity requirements. Build and run proof of concept testing, publish and communicate results. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Knowledge and experience on Layer 2 and Layer 3 networking products and hypervisor technologies. Knowledge and experience with network fabric controllers like Nokia Nuage and Cisco VTS. Even better if you have: A degree. Strong technical knowledge of datacenter infrastructure across compute, network, storage, and monitoring including both consumptions and operations tasks. Strong knowledge and experience with Load Balancers such as F5,A10,HAproxy & NGINX. Knowledge of Containers (Docker, Rocket) and Container Orchestration Platform such as (K8s, Mesos, Docker Sawrm). Experience with working modern configuration management tools (Puppet, Ansible). Experience with Linux systems administration (prefer in Virtualized environment). Experience with networking concepts and protocols (include SDN, NFV). Experience deploying and supporting various distributions of OpenStack. Experience scripting (e.g. Python, Bash, Ruby, Perl, other). Extensive experience interfacing with advance support provided by technology vendors. Excellent organization and time management skills. Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and meet aggressive deadlines. Proven track record of owning and launching new projects. Virtualization Certifications. Network Certifications, CCIE or equivalent proficiencies. Linux Certifications, RHCE or equivalent proficiencies. Excellent interpersonal skills with customers, vendors, and management. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent follow-up skills. Adaptability in a rapidly changing environment. Excellent communication skills. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.