Job Title: Java Full Stack Developer Job Description 4+ year(s) in web development using HTML/HTML 5, Javascript , JQuery, Ajax and CSS 2+ years of Web Application development using Java, J2EE technologies, MVC/Spring Framework Good knowledge of problems and solutions for cross browser compatibility Write code according to varying levels of specifications created by UI designers in order to create mock-ups, prototypes and final product Independently design, code and test major features, as well as work jointly with other team members to deliver complex changes Good experience and understanding of Ajax, Object-oriented JavaScript, DOM and XML. Mandatory Skills: Node JS, HTML/HTML 5, Javascript , JQuery, Ajax and CSS Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Java PL1 Required 2 XML,XSLT PL1 Required 3 MVC/Spring PL1 Required 4 WebServices PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 01 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.