Job Description Job Description/Overview: Ford Motor Company's Global Data, Insight, and Analytics (GDI &A;) organization is looking for a highly skilled Data Operations Analyst in the customer domain. You will assist in the development of and operationally manage consistent repeatable processes to curate customer data, allowing Ford Motor Company to build intelligent customer insights. The Data Operations team is responsible for creating data standards, assessing data quality, and ensuring data availability to fully support the goals of GDI&A.; Responsibilities: Execute Ford’s Customer Data Strategy including maintaining and improving the quality of Ford Motor Company customer data. Facilitate cross-functional communication between areas throughout the organization that collect, maintain, and use data related to Ford customers to determine data-related requirements and priorities. Partner with IT to deliver data solutions required to support the enterprise by documenting business rules for processing and storing data, testing database changes, and monitoring data flows for quality assurance. Perform root cause analysis and investigation on data quality issues and work with the business owners and IT to fix the issues. Develop and document the processes to standardize data management operations at Ford by collaborating with internal Global, Data, Insight & Analytics teams, IT, and business units. Serve as a customer data subject matter expert and demonstrate an understanding of key data management principles and data use. Develop/enhance/monitor data quality reports to identify potential issues with production data flows. Job Requirements Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree is required 5+ years of experience in a data management role including running queries and compiling data for analytics Preferred Qualifications: Experience writing complex database queries against Teradata, DB2, SQL Server and Hadoop Knowledge of data management standards, data governance practices and data quality principles Ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies Knowledge of Data Stage/ETL and MDM concepts is desirable Understanding of the importance of data and the data strategy needed to support analytic development Requires the ability to partner effectively with IT to deliver technological solutions required to support the needs of Global, Data, Insight & Analytics Self-starter, high level of initiative, detail-oriented and ability to multi-task Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills, with the ability to communicate in a clear and succinct manner Successful candidate must be able to demonstrate leadership behaviors combined with outstanding interpersonal, collaboration, and communication skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.