Houston, TX IT SECURITY ADMINISTRATOR Job Description: Maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the organizations information and information systems. Responsibilities: Maintain security, auditing and reporting systems. Plan, implement and maintain security measures and controls. Perform internal and external audits, vulnerability testing, risk analyses and security assessments. Proactively minimize the severity and occurrence of security events or incidents. Analyze network, application and system log events and identify abnormal behavior. Awareness of current cyber security issues. Manage network intrusion detection and prevention systems. Incident handling. Provide regular reports to CISO and on as needed basis. Other duties as assigned by CISO. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: 5-7 years’ experience in IT. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in the field of computer science or cybersecurity. Broad hands-on knowledge of firewalls, intrusion detection systems, anti-virus software, data encryption, and other industry-standard security techniques and practices. In-depth technical knowledge of operating systems, including Windows 10 and Linux. Working technical knowledge of IT security systems software, protocols, and standards. Strong knowledge of TCP/IP and network administration protocols. Hands-on experience with devices such as hubs, switches, and routers. Knowledge of applicable practices and laws relating to data privacy and protection. Knowledge/experience with Vulnerability Management programs including application security. Knowledge/experience with SD WAN and Cloud Security preferred Knowledge/experience performing security functions in an ICS network preferred. Familiarity with Wintel Systems Desired Qualifications or Equivalent Skills: Certifications in the following are preferred: CompTIA Network+, Security +, MCSA, MCSE, Cisco CCNA Security, CEH, and/or CASP PowerShell Scripting a plus MUST BE ABLE TO WORK FOR ANY U.S. EMPLOYER WITHOUT SPONSORSHIP OR VISA TRANSFER. Primary Location : Texas-Houston Job : Information Technology