The Elevate architect designs a high-level software approach to addressing Elevate’s business needs. He or she works with BAs, developers, other architects, and stakeholders to convert business requirements and functional specifications into technical specifications. Elevate’s architects also leverage coding experience to evaluate vendor systems, develop frameworks and features, write standards, run code reviews, and engage in R&D; with third parties and other Elevate groups. Architects ensure that the various structures and processes through which their line of business runs are engineered for integrity, efficiency, scalability, and integration. Essential Functions Model enterprise software engineering skills and an industry-leading process outlook for design, testing, building, and monitoring. Collaborate daily with business partners, software and quality engineers, technology and operations leadership, and peer architects in other areas to ensure clear lines of communication, common architectural and capability assumptions, and appropriate urgency for critical path undertakings. Own and evolve all Elevate and third-party technology assets that together form the solution space for line(s) of business. Collaborate with all third-party vendors and Elevate teams to develop and keep current technology roadmaps. Develop solution patterns and architectural specifications and work closely with other teams to implement them successfully. Perform performance tuning on systems to ensure that scalability demands are met. Mentor development team members. Proactively help resolve difficult technical issues. Collaboratively create and extend Elevate enterprise architecture standards. Generate and maintain appropriate support documentation. Perform other duties as assigned. Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline, and/or equivalent experience; advanced degrees a plus 12+ years’ professional experience working as a senior/lead engineer with at least 8+ years’ as a software architect Expert-level background with the Microsoft technology platform as an architect and designer of n-tier, component-based, and service-oriented enterprise applications Expert in advanced software engineering concepts (design patterns, object oriented, web services, code generation, and test-driven development) Expert-level experience with the Microsoft .NET development platform and current web technologies (HTML, CSS, DHTML, AJAX, XML, XSL, etc.) Extensive experience with SQL Server and/or Oracle (8+ years’ tables, triggers, unions, joins, complex queries, stored procedures, and XML/SOAP/web services) Software engineering discipline and an unfailing commitment to high quality (3+ years’ in an Agile/SCRUM/etc. shop with a test-driven approach) Must be detail-oriented, security-conscious, and proficient in troubleshooting Well-honed large-scale design and implementation skills with broad and deep experience in algorithms, service bus, and multi-threaded programming (8+ years’ C/C++/C/JAVA/etc.) Experience with TDD automation, scripting, and other quality assurance tools and approaches (e.g. Selenium, FITness) Professional experience in lending or financial services, e-commerce, and supporting development teams in a .NET environment a plus Core Traits Excels in all facets of verbal and written communication; leads and inspires the team via open communication, effective listening, and strong collaborative networks; has excellent negotiation skills, is an expert coordinator, and has an ability to orchestrate change through influence Identifies bottlenecks and pain points and directs resources to address the challenges in a directed, methodical, cost-effective, and data-driven manner; leverages analytical experience to build a road map to meet the needs of the stakeholders Takes initiative to complete critical tasks in a team setting; effortlessly navigates the inter-departmental structures to achieve success Works effectively in the face of stress, ambiguity, difficult situations, and shifting priorities all while championing the long-term architectural view; understands the need to shift focus and priorities as required and successfully leads others through periods of change Considers and implements novel approaches to tackle new issues/challenges in an aggressive manner; encourages the team to take advantage of self-directed learning opportunities; is comfortable dealing with ambiguity and leading others in a fast-paced, cutting-edge, and entrepreneurial environment Challenges the status quo to generate new ideas, is open to challenges, and implements unique solutions; focuses on the best outcome for the company, rather than on ego Is a compelling leader who is comfortable with team dynamics who openly seeks and shares information across teams and departments, coordinating and combining competencies for the best overall results Has a comprehensive knowledge base in his or her technical field and continually augments the team's experiences and skills with the latest training, technologies, and techniques Demonstrates a bold commitment to the total alignment of actions, words, and professional beliefs, and sets the "tone at the top"