About Us Community Health Choice, Inc. (Community) is a non-profit Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) licensed by the Texas Department of Insurance. Through its network of more than 10,000 providers and 70 hospitals, Community serves over 260,000 Members with the following programs: Medicaid State of Texas Access Reform (STAR) program for low-income children and pregnant women Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) for the children of low-income parents, which includes CHIP Perinatal benefits for unborn children of pregnant women who do not qualify for Medicaid STAR Health Insurance Marketplace Plans that offer individual health coverage that includes preventive care, emergency services, prescription drugs, and hospitalization available to all, regardless of pre-existing conditions. Improving Members' experiences is at the heart of every Community position. We strive every day to make sure that our Members have access to the high-quality health care they need and deserve. Community is accredited by URAC for its health plan operations. We offer care management programs for asthma, diabetes, and high-risk pregnancy. An affiliate of the Harris Health System (Harris Health), Community is financially self-sufficient and receives no financial support from Harris Health or from Harris County taxpayers. Job Profile The Solutions Architect has a major role in providing lead technical services to analyze, design, and deliver clinical/business solutions. Lends expertise to answer technical consulting questions, individually or as part of a project team. Serves as a senior subject matter expert associated with content, processes, and procedures associated with enterprise applications plans. Prepares and participates in "deep dive" technical evaluation meetings, investigating processes to understand data and communications flow within Community Health Choice systems applications. Promotes consistency and collaboration with all functional departments with primary focus on optimizing all business processes supported by information technology. Responsible for making recommendations regarding policies associated with the job¿s purpose and essential responsibilities. Routine decisions include those regarding systems implementation and interaction with systems across Community Health Choice systems / applications. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Ten years of experience analyzing, designing, and or delivering clinical business solutions (a degree maybe offset experience requirement. Bachelor's degree = 4 years; Master's degree = 2 years) Five years of relational database management system (RDBMS) experience (with demonstrated knowledge of data types, change control implications, and performance optimization). OTHER SKILLS: Communication Above Average Verbal (Heavy Public Contact) Exceptional Verbal (e.g., Public Speaking) Writing /Composing/ Correspondence /Reports Analytical Design Medical Terms Research Broad IT industry knowledge with depth in multiple areas including application development, servers, networks and databases. Familiarity with various operating systems used by Hospital data processing techniques and practices. A working knowledge of a variety of hardware and software environments. Experience with full life cycle phase software development is required, as well as full understanding and experience in architecting internet and client server systems and integration and communications platforms. Process mapping, group presentation, written and verbal communication, analytical, and organizational skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously while adhering to a stringent timeline. Ability to apply knowledge of how the industry uses IT to address business challenges using, for example, technical standards and infrastructure, cross-industry trends that impact IT investment, industry-specific roadmaps, and IT enablers. Benefits and EEOC Community employees’ benefits are provided by Harris Health. These benefits are designed to provide you with flexibility and choices in meeting your specific needs. Community is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Category All Jobs