Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Who We Are: Comcast's Experience Design (XD) team is transforming how customers access and enjoy entertainment, communications and home management services across all channels--online, mobile and TV. We look for and create opportunities to educate, enlighten and whenever possible, delight, both new and existing customers. Our goal is to build long-lasting relationships using enhanced flows, smart features and self-healing solutions to foster trust and loyalty. By assembling the country's top designers and thinkers, we're rapidly becoming the premier environment for building and launching one-of-a-kind experiences that make everyday life easier and more entertaining for millions of people.The latest addition to Comcast and the Experience Design group is Xfinity Mobile, our new wireless phone service. We're completely disrupting the end-to-end mobile experience with services that will leverage Comcast's 27M subscriber relationships, 16M WiFi hotspots, and the award-winning X1 Entertainment OS.Similar to a startup, the multi-faceted Xfinity Mobile team has an independent, innovative spirit focused on a mission to reimagine the mobile experience. This is the team responsible for defining and designing the end-to-end experience for our wireless services, including how customers learn, buy, activate and use our mobile products. We're looking for forward- thinking digital leaders to join our XM team to create one-of-a-kind, immersive design experiences that will surprise our customers and further enhance the Comcast brand.What We're Looking For: We're looking to add a Conversational Content Strategist, who can amaze us with an exceptional ability to transform customer needs into organic and actionable product solutions.Your expertise will include strong contextual writing abilities, envisioning end-to-end learning experiences, and conversation as solution path. As key new role on the team, you'll be challenged to use the full extent of your skills. You'll learn and build new ones. Along the way, you'll have the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, while having a lasting impact on some exceptional and unconventional product experiences.This is a hands-on role that requires expert creative, copywriting and content generation skills that come to life in digital solution design. And through delivery of new solutions, the contributions of this strategist grow to help define and shape a new conversational design practice within Xfinity Mobile. If you are a versatile creative writer and strong communicator with a passion for interaction design trends and conversational technology platforms this role is for you.What You'll Do: You are ready to: - Deliver clarity, brevity, and efficacy in content and conversational solutions- Zoom between strategy and tactical delivery, full flows down to economic word choices- Differentiate between delivering information and conveying meaning- Create and edit content to match user wants and with delivery needs- Work closely with product managers, content owners, designers, researchers, and engineers- Work at a fast pace across multiple projects- Anticipate and adapt to new and changing content and customer needsYou are responsible for: - Overseeing the work of other team writers and be the owner of the source of truth for voice and tone across touchpoints.- Ensuring consistent systemization of language and application of voice + tone across all UIs and UX content touchpoint- Developing and maintain fundamental content taxonomies, nomenclature, and language systems- Developing scalable content approaches that grow with our users' needs- Approaching near term tactics and long term vision with the same enthusiasm and vigor.What you'll need: - Bachelors Degree or greater, with relevant equivalent experience in Copywriting, Technical Communication, Information Design, and/or Instructional Design.- 8+ years of strategic and tactical content creation and copywriting within a product focused UX organization, digital marketing, or similar practice- Leadership and influence in the content strategy and UI writing professional space- Deep experience in and comfort with content systemization and communication architecture- Working knowledge of the history and latest effective practices in content strategy and writing for user interface- A portfolio of successful and innovative contextualized solutionsWhere You'll Hang Your Hat: As part of our Experience Design team, you'll reside at Comcast's offices in the heart of Philadelphia. And yes, the cheesesteaks here are that good. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer