Job Description: Job Summary $17,00/hr The Storefront CSR processes walk-in customers at the Storefront, assisting customers with new-account enrollments, payments, inquiries, and toll bill- related questions. Essential Functions Assist customers in opening new accounts, making payments on existing accounts, or with questions in face-to-face customer service environment. Knowledgeable in the processing of Toll transactions and NOCPs in the system; receives, processes, and deposits payments; updates accounts as to their status; and opens new accounts. Takes credit card payments in person for toll transactions, NOCPs, and new accounts. Researches and resolves customer issues. Processes and fills out multiple types of electronic forms. Writes and receives correspondence via fax, mail, and e-mail. Performs data entry. Documents all actions taken in the database. Receives and processes account update requests from in-person requests, e-mail, and mail, as directed. Records individual completed daily work statistics. Troubleshoots situations accurately, quickly and efficiently for customers in person. Helps other departments with their tasks when Storefront customer volume is low. Competencies Outstanding verbal communication skills. Detail oriented, ability to multi-task, and highly organized. Must demonstrate regular and predictable attendance for assigned shift. Work Environment Office cubicle environment with low to moderate noise Physical Demands The ability to sit and stand for periods up to 4 hours. Required Experience: Required Education and Experience High school diploma or GED is required. Passage of a standardized test, indicating basic skills in data entry, writing, math skills and language skills A minimum of one year cash handling experience on a computerized cashiering system Ability to learn and operate computer software programs for accessing and controlling CSC/VPS systems or ITS field devices with strong computer and data entry skills Preferred Education and Experience Prior customer service experience preferred. . Keyword: Customer Service, CSR, Customer Service Representative, From: Electronic Transaction Consultants Corporation