Job Brief The Research Analyst supports both the Research and Portfolio Management teams with key initiatives including the preparation of market and property/portfolio data & performance, valuation, investor and management analyses. Who is Waterton? We are passionate about delivering an incredible Resident Experience, which we believe is made possible by offering an extraordinary experience for our talented associates. We value performance that delivers experiences that exceed expectations, coupled with an unwavering commitment to Investor, Guest, and Resident service excellence. With over 22 years of investment and property management experience, we strive to exemplify what we call Resitality®. We are looking for a talented Research Analyst to join our Chicago team! In this highly visible role, the Research Analyst will support both the Research and Portfolio Management team with key initiatives including the preparation of market and property/portfolio data & performance, valuation, investor and management analyses for Waterton’s growing and dynamic multi- family portfolio. How you will contribute to our team: Research Support: You will assist with real estate, geographic and economic/demographic investment research and data gathering, helping support an overall investment strategy. You will also assist with the coordination, research, writing and design of presentations and white papers, for review by senior professionals. Data Management: You will update and maintain research databases and models, and working with internal and external teams, resources and databases. Platform Growth: You will provide written and/or verbal fundamental and/or quantitative research-based information to senior-level professionals and other internal departments that will assist with Waterton’s Business Intelligence platform initiative and help to establish a formal Portfolio benchmarking methodology. Financial Analysis: You will coordinate with the Portfolio Management team providing financial analyses, including cash flow projections and returns, property and portfolio operating variance results related to budget, forecast, and actual performance data. Decision Making Support: You will prepare property and portfolio level financial scenarios in compliance with company and industry valuation policies and procedures, including internal valuations for properties and debt investments to assist senior management in business decisions. Valuations/Appraisals: You will assemble and input financial data into internal valuation model for review; prepare executive summaries detailing internal valuation assumptions and meeting minutes. Additionally, you will help facilitate the external appraisal process by coordinating with management site visits and requests for financial information; also prepare comparative analyses of internal valuation assumptions to external appraisals. Support Operational Initiatives: You will assist Portfolio Management with the administration of Real Estate Taxes and appeals, and contribute to the achievement and delivery of departmental and organizational goals. What our ideal candidate looks like: You have some credentials. Bachelor’s Degree in preferably in Business, Real Estate, Economics, Finance or other relevant field, and relevant job experience is required. You’ve “been there, done that”. Our ideal candidate has a minimum of 3-5 years of professional experience. Real estate, research and/or portfolio management experience considered a competitive advantage. You can communicate an excellent business case. You are very strong at both written and oral communication, and you have no problem defending your position which is backed by expert data, facts, and analysis. You have the ability to tailor your communications to meet the needs of a diverse audience. You're a strategic thinker. You are able to look at the “big‐picture”, focused on tactical aspects of the job, with emphasis on schedule and quality; and you set and achieve high standards for yourself and others. You excel at details. You constantly analyze the fine print and make sure that your work product is highly accurate. Your investigative and analytical skills are top-notch, and you are a master at ensuring a high level of accuracy is achieved in your work product. You demonstrate leadership and own your work product. You have a direct leadership style that encourages results‐driven, task‐oriented collaboration; directed at getting things done quickly. You can handle a great deal of challenge and pressure; people and problems are handled with confidence and determination. You’re a task master. Your time and project management skills are very strong, and you have the ability to focus on the smallest details while keeping the larger process running effectively to meet and juggle tight deadlines. You’re very tech savvy. You are an expert at Excel and Powerpoint, as well as the rest of the Microsoft Office suite. Exposure to coding is a giant plus for this role. You like change; you really like change. You can easily adapt as the situation warrants, and you are able to focus on multiple deadlines and change as the demands and fast pace requires. Your research skills are superior. You understand what it takes to investigate an issue, back it with research, data and analytics, and communicate the position quickly and effectively. You don’t mind a little travel. This position requires some limited travel, no more than 20%, sometimes with shorter than average notice. How we will recognize and reward you: At Waterton, we recognize that compensation and benefits are important not only to our associates but to their families as well. We offer a wide variety of rewards to meet everyone’s needs including: Competitive compensation and incentive program participation. Full suite of benefits, including Medical, Dental, 401K, Life, Disability, and even pet insurance. Generous Paid Time Off and holiday schedules. A commitment to life-long learning through learning plans that include internal and external trainings, as well as consideration for tuition reimbursement. Employee discounts and wellness initiatives, like an onsite gym. Volunteer Time Off Why Waterton? Founded over a box of Pop-Tarts® in 1995 by David Schwartz and Peter Vilim, Waterton has grown from very humble beginnings with one phone and two desks to the successful, nationally recognized real estate investment and management firm it is today. As Waterton has evolved and grown, one thing has remained constant, the drive to achieve results by exceeding expectations. Waterton’s values of Service Excellence, Empowerment, Integrity, Passion, Achievement and Teamwork are our guiding principles and they shape who Waterton is as an organization. When you join Waterton, you will learn new skills, acquire knowledge and use these values to help you grow in your career and fulfill your professional goals. Waterton is committed to the service of our associates, residents, guests and investors and firmly believes that our superior ability to serve our customers differentiates us. We empower our associates to think and act like an owner and use our core values as guiding principles to serve our customers in a way that exceeds their expectations, going above and beyond to create the ultimate service experience or what we call _Resitality_! Does this sound like you? Apply today! Waterton strongly supports diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply.