Digital Management, LLC (DMI) is seeking a full time Architect IoT Development to support our client in Plano, TX. Duties and Responsibilities: This role will deliver the following: Develop technical specifications for one or two of the following architecture components from the use-cases defined. Define the detailed In-vehicle SW architecture Define the detailed communication & protocol specs Define the detailed Cloud architecture Define the detailed big data/analytics architecture Define the detailed integration to other business/engineering system Define the detailed portal architecture to the consumer Define the overall IT infrastructure and security Produce technical requirement documents to issue RFP to suppliers Provide technical leadership in collaboration and communication with suppliers Act as technical point of contact for the technical teams involved Analysis and optimization recommendations regarding cloud deployment architecture for security, cost, and performance. This role can be located in or travelled to Plano, TX – at least be present at customer premise for 4 full days. Qualifications Education and Years of Experience: Minimum of 10 year experience in advanced technologies including a minimum of 5+ years as a telematics expert Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Computer Science, engineering, or related discipline, or equivalent (Advanced degree desired) Required Skills/Certifications: Ability to produce project deliverables produce technical diagrams, matrices, and documents for work specification produce technical documentation produce systems and applications integration specifications Ability to bridge technical details to project tasks and management; project management skills Ability to lead and develop execution of the solution strategies for connected services Ability to map business requirements to development requirements; business analysis skills Expert level technical knowledge in end-to-end telematics products (including in-car embedded components) Expert level knowledge of processes relevant to operate and build telematics solutions Good understanding of wireless telecommunications (SIM card management and provisioning processes), call centers and automotive manufacturing technologies Understanding of integration of wireless carrier technologies (3G, 4G, LTE), wifi, Call Centers, SIM management and processes Good understanding of Telematics and IT Security Concepts Good understanding of Public/Private Cloud Services and Microservice Deployment Good understanding of Internet of Things (IoT) technologies (e.g. MQTT, embedded technologies, high volume data and unstructured data techniques) Strong background in Linux/Unix Expert in Agile software development methodology, Service Oriented Architect design Expert in Cloud technology and relevant automation platforms Experience with systems modelling Experience with systems integration across multiple organizations Desired Skills/Certifications: Good understanding of relational, unstructured, and streaming database design Good understanding of data designs for analytics Mobile applications, Java server applications, web applications, and portal technologies Good understanding of Microservices, Restful interfaces, web services, and mobile security patterns Modeling Architecture with Enterprise Architect (UML, XML) Physical Requirement(s): No Physical requirement needed for this position. Min. Citizenship Status Required: No Restrictions Location: Plano, TX Working at DMI DMI is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. We provide our employees with competitive benefits, educational assistance, and career growth opportunities. Every employee is valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company. The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Veterans/Disability. No Agencies Please Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions.