The Network Architect is responsible for design, testing and implementation of Steward Health Care System LAN, WAN, Internet and Intranet network infrastructure. This includes development and testing of router, switch, wireless, video, unified communications hardware and network management server configurations; supporting/troubleshooting of network/system problems; coordinating with vendors for installation of network hardware and systems, and implementation plans and timelines. The Network Architect will work with both IT, the business and 3rd party vendors regarding design, implementation and support of systems, networks and applications associated with an enterprise class production-computing environment. This position will report to the Manager of Network Engineering and will bring a strong in-depth knowledge of all aspects of Network information systems in a large enterprise. S/he will work together with stakeholders, leadership and subject matter experts to effectively design, test, implement and support effective technical solutions that maps to the organization's strategy, processes, information, and information technology assets. These solutions will be architected not only to serve the current needs of the organization but also with strong consideration for providing service well into the future. Responsibilities: Responsible for designing the Steward network infrastructure. This includes router, switch, wireless, firewall, VPN, load balancing, unified communications hardware and network management server configurations. Working with Network and Security engineering teams in support and troubleshooting of network and system issues, coordinating with vendors for installation of network and systems hardware, and project implementation plans and timelines Performs installation and maintenance of network electronics, software, and solutions. Recommends best technical options that are tested and proven to meet current and projected demands. Ensures optimal design, operation, interoperability and performance of network related hardware and software. Adheres to problem resolution and escalation procedures, documenting, and responding to all related system problems and resolving them on a timely basis. Notifies manager of problem areas and develops backup strategy and emergency plans. Maintains inventory of network equipment, IP addresses, service locations, maintenance agreements, and leased lines. Keeps abreast of industry trends and changes in network software and hardware technologies in order to improve current service levels. Off-hours availability for emergencies and change windows is required. Performs regular on-call duties as scheduled. Facilitates training and development of Network and Security engineering teams across all platforms to ensure solid understanding of the overall infrastructure and how the two disciplines rely on each other Ability to analyze solution requirements and assist with the technical design and implementation to address complex business and technology needs Adheres to problem resolution and escalation procedures, documenting, and responding to all related system problems and resolving them on a timely basis. Strong knowledge of IT operational and technical support process frameworks Notifies manager of problem areas and develops backup strategy and emergency plans. The ability to work at multiple sites within the Steward Healthcare System Expert verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interface with peers, partners, and senior IT and Business management to present technical options and budget needs, and guide them through recommended options based on industry best practices, ROI and TCO aspects Strong ability to map business requirements to technical solutions CHALLENGES / PROBLEM SOLVING: Steward Health Care is a fast paced organization. This poses challenges in the following areas. Improving existing technology and processes, and evolving information services ability to deliver enterprise class services to the changing and growing needs of our business. Improving day-to-day operations and availability while also developing long-term solutions and processes that will ultimately differentiate Steward Health Care and provide measureable improvements to our employees, physicians and patients using our Network The organization will continue to evolve creating a consistent level of change in the environment. The requirement to maintain accurate documentation of the network infrastructure is crucial. Qualifications: Seven to ten years of professional experience in a medium to large size organization with complex networks. Preferred industry certifications include: CCNA, CCNP, CCIE, or other Cisco certification. Must be able to complete CCNA certification if not currently certified. Strong understanding of IP subnetting and routing protocols including BGP, OSPF and EIGRP. Ability to deploy and manage complex network LAN/WLAN/MAN/WAN infrastructures. Ability to understand concepts behind subnets, variable length subnet masks (VLSM), and virtual LANs (VLAN). Understanding of the OSI Model. Experience with Cisco network products is required. Experience with Juniper security products is required. Experience with f5 network products is required. Ability to prioritize projects and daily work-flow. Excellent teamwork and communication skills are required. Excellent customer service skills are required. Previous experience in health care environment is required.