Job Description The Manager, HR Technology is responsible for managing the HRIS function and team, by providing project leadership, direction, and systems evaluation leadership to support short and long-range Human Resources goals. This position is a strategic partner consulting and interacting with all levels of the HR organization globally, as well as other senior leaders. Accountable for determining current system gaps, building clear system roadmaps, and delivering system efficiencies. The position includes support of day-to-day operations for HR technology solutions, recommending future decisions for upgrades or new software solutions, and decisions on partnering with effective and efficient vendors Responsibilities Leads the development and implementation of the overall HRIS strategy. Manage HR Process & Technology team; delegate work, provide guidance on complex or escalated issues, and motivate team members. Inspire trust and build strong, authentic, productive relationships with key stakeholders. Effectively engage and collaborate with leadership to develop, define and build on innovative ideas and business priorities. Anticipate the needs of the business and facilitate as well as motivate the team to identify solutions that both improve the employee experience and advances business objectives. Lead a team in the delivery of best-in-class HRIS features. Create and maintain a technical roadmap for HRIS system that improves experience, data accuracy and allow leaders to make employee-related decisions. Lead the product lifecycle for company HRIS system, integrations and associated communication on vendor release changes, including required employee training/orientation and the production feature set. Identify areas for improvement and collaborate with the team, other departments, and business units to ensure expert use and management of data. Troubleshoot and resolve escalated HRIS system issues. Manage a feature list and product roadmap. Be the PII guardian of best practice and security execution to keep our data safe, secure and audited. In concert with HR Leadership, drive a culture of data visualization, accurate reporting and supporting executive decision-making. Document and maintain HRIS procedures, user documentation, system updates, and maintenance. Lead the performance management process for direct reports, by providing developmental opportunities, and encouraging continued HRIS system learning Requirements 4-year college degree or equivalent work experience 8+ years of HRIS analysis experience 3+ years’ experience leading a team a plus 2+ years of post-production experience in Workday a plus Ability to be flexible and handle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment, sometimes with changing priorities Demonstrated project management skills including consulting, collaboration, analysis and implementation Strong critical thinking, analytical skills and problem-solving ability, particularly in ambiguous or complex situations Ability to translate customer business goals and objectives into concrete tactical plans. Experience working with a geographically-dispersed workforce and producing desired results using video conferencing and Internet chat communications tools Experience with quickly designing, implementing and improving regulatory compliant control without creating overly burdensome process. Thrive on designing solutions and then supervising and growing junior and experienced staff as they develop their own HRIS system competencies Effective verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work with all levels within the company Ability to establish and maintain solid relationships with staff members and vendors Effective issue resolution management skills Ability to maintain confidential and sensitive information