Teradata empowers companies to achieve high-impact business outcomes through analytics. With a powerful combination of Industry expertise and leading hybrid cloud technologies for data warehousing and big data analytics, Teradata unleashes the potential of great companies. Partnering with top companies around the world, Teradata helps improve customer experience, mitigate risk, drive product innovation, achieve operational excellence, transform finance, and optimize assets. Teradata is recognized by media and industry analysts as a future-focused company for its technological excellence, sustainability, ethics, and business value. The Teradata culture isn’t just about one kind of person. So many individuals make up who we are, making us that much more unique. It’s what sets apart the dynamic, diverse and collaborative environment that is Teradata. But even as individuals, there’s one thing that we all share —our united goal of making Teradata and our people the best we can be. Does the prospect of solving the world’s toughest business problems with data and analytics excite you? Would you like to work with a team of the brightest analytical and engineering minds in the industry to understand and advance emerging technologies to invent the next wave of cutting-edge analytic data solutions? Then, Teradata has your next career opportunity. Key Responsibilities: Hire and develop a team of talented engineers. Design, develop, deliver, and maintain features and applications to create positive customer impact. Provide guidance and mentorship to engineers and project leads to ensure a high level of work satisfaction, technical advancement, and progress towards individual career goals. Ensure that current team and company initiatives, mission, goals, and values are clear to each team member. Facilitate clear communication and provide excellent direction and motivation to the team Implement current best practices to manage and build a high-performance engineering team. Thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment. Collaborate with Product Management and User Experience regarding product definition, schedule, scope, and project-related decisions. Develop solutions that are high quality, scaleable, reliable, and reusable. Work collaboratively in an Agile/Scrum team to plan sprints, expand stories into tasks, work on removing impediments, and execute at top velocity. Investigate technologies that can be leveraged to introduce new innovations. Provide input into process improvement initiatives to improve quality and timeliness of deliverables with high predictability Collaborate with the Data Science team to create and deliver product features through engineering deliverables Benefits: Our total compensation approach includes a competitive base salary, 401(k), strong work/family programs, and medical, dental and disability coverage. Teradata is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and commits to hiring returning veterans. LI-GW1 Teradata is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and commits to hiring returning veterans.