Provide strategic consultation to business areas, working alongside them to construct roadmaps/ blueprints outlining current areas of need as well as potential areas of growth. Devise strategies for leveraging current /future technology to best service our business partners while ensuring Information Technology’s ability to support these initiatives. Assess long-term needs, market trends and technology disruptors and advise on their potential impact on the enterprise architecture. Participate in the enterprise architecture development including: articulating of the architecture vision, modeling the data, application and technical architectures and application portfolio management. Follow the EA process, selecting principles to guide design decisions, and applying appropriate governance and compliance activities. Deliver results to the organization based on business requirements and IT strategies. Collaborate with the project management office on implementation plans that move toward the target enterprise architecture and align projects with architecture strategies and roadmaps. Consult with application development, security and infrastructure teams to ensure technology solutions are designed for optimal security, support, interoperability and enterprise usefulness. Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities Establish enterprise standards, strategies, and roadmaps. Assist in creating the vision for future state technologies and architecture aligned to the company’s strategic vision. Responsible for documenting the current state and future state architecture using EA tools and templates. Champion application portfolio management activities including being an expert in the use of APM tools and processes and evangelizing the efficient use and adoption of APM across the company. Apply architectural and engineering concepts to design solutions that meet operational requirements, such as scalability, maintainability, security, reliability, extensibility, flexibility, availability and manageability. Participate and lead research and development efforts including market research summaries, proofs of concept, prototypes, vendor assessments, and consultative summaries. Provide technical expertise to propose level of effort projections, work breakdown structures and technical resource planning for proposed and current work to support the Project Management Office (PMO) and Project Review Board (PRB) Processes. Educate and influence others in order to gain buy-in on proposed roadmaps, strategies, standards and solutions. Provide input to management throughout the project management lifecycle (PMLC). Assist managers with developing the service level agreements (SLAs) and deployment of key performance measures. Participate in architectural review functions and ensure adherence to technology standards and architecture. Review current state architectures for improvement opportunities, portfolio rationalization and alignment with strategic plans and architectures. Facilitate communications between IT teams and business stakeholders for technical issues and/or major changes; acting as the technical domain subject matter expert. Provide expertise to educate, coach and mentor team members; provide performance feedback to manager(s). Keep current and informed of domain related technologies and best practices. The position requires a full-time work schedule. Full-time is defined as working at least 40 hours per week, plus any overtime as requested or needed to perform job responsibilities. Perform all other duties as assigned Employment Requirements Required Work Experience 5 years of experience in at least two IT disciplines (such as architecture, application development, information analysis, IT management or operations) in a large IT environment 3 years of experience in a business-facing role (such as strategic business planning, business analysis, product owner, consultant or project management). Required Education Bachelor’s degree in business, information systems or related discipline, or equivalent and extensive related project experience. Preferred Work Experience 3 years of experience in an Enterprise Architecture role 3 years of experience in the Healthcare industry, especially the payer space Preferred Education Master’s degree in Business Administration, Information Systems, or related field Preferred Certifications Enterprise Architecture framework (such as TOGAF 9.1, Zachman, FEAF or similar) ITIL v3+ Practitioner Certification Required Job Skills Intermediate skill in use of office equipment, including copiers, fax machines, scanner and telephones Intermediate PC proficiency Intermediate proficiency in spreadsheet, database and word processing software Required Professional Competencies Customer focused with strong verbal and written communications skills and the ability to interact professionally at all levels of the organization including executives. Integrity and Trust. Able to teach others and explain complex concepts with clarity, educating through knowledge sharing presentations and written documents. Ability to be self- aware and emotionally intelligent, able to give and receive constructive feedback and continue self-development. Demonstrated understanding of modern enterprise architecture. Strong knowledge of IT systems, practices and functional units. Strong knowledge of application development, infrastructure and operations. Ability to be approachable and develop healthy working relationships across a diverse team. Ability to assess a situation, make critical observations and take appropriate risks, using available information. Anticipate downstream technical needs and steer architectural designs to appropriately factor in considerations. Strong analytical skills to support independent and effective decisions. Be driven for results and work effectively with management, project managers, analysts, developers, engineers, architects, system administrators, and testers to conceive, design, and deliver successful solutions. Able to operate at highly varying levels of abstraction including business strategy, technology strategy, technical design and implementation. Required Leadership Experience and Competencies Provide leadership, promote teamwork, and act collaboratively to meet objectives. Experience leading teams and implementing projects with both business and technical participants. Ability to prioritize tasks and work with multiple priorities, sometimes under limited time contstraints. Ability to build consensus with a diverse team in an ever-changing environment. Preferred Job Skills Expert knowledge designing highly redundant, scalable, multi-tier enterprise transaction processing systems from front end to back end. Experience with cloud architecture. Knowledge of HIPAA security and privacy standards. In depth knowledge of healthcare and health plan operations, products, data structures, business processes and workflows.