We are currently seeking a Host Security Analyst to join our Information Security Operations team within the Information Technology Services (ITS) department here at the University of Southern California. The Host Security Analyst will be responsible for defensively monitoring the University’s networks, configuring and managing anti-malware to prevent and detect threats. They will receive and analyze system alerts, identify anomalies and triage malware and determine the effects of any observed attacks. They will also work on creating and maintaining baseline images to provide consistent and secure deployment of laptop, desktop and server systems that comply with current University requirements. The ideal candidate must possess three years of experience in Information Security. He/she should also possess experience with endpoint protection technologies as well as experience with the review/analysis of alerts and events from endpoint protection technologies. Information Technology Services (ITS) is committed to providing information technology (IT) services and support to the university. ITS provides essential, university-wide services such as: Enterprise information systems University wired and wireless networks Educational Technology Research Computing IT Security Qualifications: Must have a Bachelor’s degree or combined education/experience as substitute for minimum education Minimum of 3 years of experience in Information Security Experience with endpoint protection technologies Experience with review/analysis of alerts and events from endpoint protection technologies Experience with system administration for managing configuration standards Demonstrated understanding of endpoint devices protection concepts; including anti-virus, configuration updates, patch management, host based firewalls, and host based IDS Demonstrated knowledge of different operating systems, configuration standards, solutions, application of endpoint protection technologies and analysis of events and alerts Demonstrated knowledge of programming languages and operating systems as well as current USC equipment and technologies in use Ability to plan, organize and document complex system design activities Ability to configure systems to be consistent with information security policies/procedures Strong ability to communicate technical/complex information, both verbally and in writing Typically possesses 1 year of direct host security experience Job Accountabilities: Manages anti-malware technologies on systems, detects host and network-based intrusions, and analyzes network traffic to identify anomalous activity and potential threats to resources Reviews performance of anti-malware technologies and reports on patterns in attacks to update signatures and install any additional security control needs Updates configurations and solutions based on IT security standard requirements for prevention and detection tools Defines and maintains standard configuration requirements for hosts, including various systems and software Tracks and obtains approval from ITS Information Security for any exceptions of defined configuration standards Defines standard patch management and security upgrade processes Reviews proposed exceptions to patching through the defined risk management process Coordinates with system owners to identify appropriate times to schedule patches/upgrades. Manage implementation of defined patch management process requirements Maintains awareness and knowledge of current changes within legal, regulatory, and technology environments which may affect operations. Ensures senior management and staff are informed of any changes and updates in a timely manner. Establishes and maintains appropriate network of professional contacts. Maintains membership in appropriate professional organizations and publications. Attends meetings, seminars and conferences and maintains continuity of any required or desirable certifications, if applicable Performs other duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree 1 year of direct host security experience Experience with multiple operating systems baseline security configurations for Windows, Apple and Linux Understanding of endpoint device protection concepts, including anti-virus, configuration updates, patch management, host based firewalls, host based IDS, etc. Knowledge of different operating systems, configuration standards, solutions, application of endpoint protection technologies and analysis of events and alerts. Extensive experience with endpoint protection technologies. Extensive experience with review/analysis of alerts and events from endpoint protection technologies. Extensive experience with system administration for managing configuration standards. Demonstrable knowledge of programming languages and operating systems, and current USC equipment and technologies in use. Ability to plan, organize and document complex system design activities. Ability to configure systems to be consistent with information security policies/procedures. Strong ability to communicate technical/complex information, both verbally and in writing.