Title: Chief Operations Officer – Business Operations and Human Resources Management Tri Star Sports and Entertainment is looking for an “All Hands-On” Chief Operations Officer who maintains a professional image to run the daily operations of the business in our Los Angeles office. The Chief Operations Officer (COO) will report to the CEO. This is a key role that will be responsible for the overall management and daily operations of Tri Star’s Los Angeles office. The ideal candidate will thrive on challenge, be highly collaborative and exhibit strategic agility. The position will require a hyper-inquisitive mind and a nonstop continual drive for improvement. Act as a strategic partner on the Leadership team and will work closely with the team to ensure they are meeting performance expectations and will coach and develop the team to ensure they are delivering against key business metrics. Looks for methods to improve quality, efficiency and productivity, reduce costs, increase profits, or improve control measures. Works collaboratively to develop and/or improve systems, processes, controls and procedures that improve the overall efficiency of the firm and insure excellent client service. Manage the overall strategy, purpose, and vision of the entire Human Resources function: benefits, payroll, 401k, recruitment, learning and development, culture, performance management, and succession planning. Hire L&D consultant to design, implement, and manage technical, behavioral, and leadership training using technology (Litmos) to scale the training for rapid business growth. Lead and develop a team of six (6) across multiple locations and over various functions. Process oriented professional with experience working in a client service firm such as public accounting or business management. Willingness to take on new tasks; general attitude that no task is too small, impossible, or cannot be improved. Comfortable working in a fast-paced organization and demonstrated ability to work autonomously while ensuring CEO expectations are readily met and exceeded. Your mantra may be faster, better, smarter. You are a perfectionist and know that the quality of your work extends to every possible detail. You take personal pride in everything you do. You have a passion for leadership, self- improvement, and business strategy. You thrive in a "direct with respect" culture. Direct reports include: Operations Manager Master of First Impressions Lead Recruiter Recruiter (project hire) HR Generalist (Nashville) L&D Consultant (project hire) Required Experience and Qualifications: 15+ years of experience in a professional business setting Experience in human resources required Bachelor’s degree required; MBA a plus! Excellent Verbal and Written communication skills with staff, colleagues and executives Attention to detail, self-starter Identify, drive and implement change opportunities and initiatives