M10005: General Manager THE GENERAL MANAGER IS: The General Manager motivates, instills accountability and achieves results to drive success in the position while maintaining our Culture of FUN! To provide overall leadership, supervision and direction on strategic initiatives and operating standards to positively impact business results. RESPONSIBILITIES People: Hire, train, retain and develop team Loves People! Cultivates a strategic team environment that provides exceptional customer service while directing the management team and ensuring all staff members perform at a consistently high level. Assures execution of staff training programs. Assures staffing levels and management coverage is appropriate to meet the needs of the business and maximize the customer experience. Leads and influences management staff through effective motivation, leveraging individual strengths to ensure customer satisfaction and maximum productivity. Select and develop Department Heads and Certified Trainers for more responsibility or internal promotability into management program. Insures execution of all employee recognition and incentive programs as documented Promotes positive employee relations including effective delegation of managerial duties, fostering high staff morale, upholding operation standards, and execution of the performance management process. Profits: Optimize financial results (drive sales and control costs) Analyze financial reports and develops action plans to grow revenue and control expenses in order to meet or exceed annual budgets. Maintain systems which insure overall fiscal responsibility for inventory, etc. Responsible for all aspects of the operation including entertainment, food, beverage, equipment, and property to facilitate the fulfillment of financial goals and company initiatives. Sales: Create annual budget and business plan to meet targeted financial performance Set store goals by period and hold managers accountable for setting and meeting departmental goals Capitalizes business opportunities in the market area by executing Company marketing strategies to drive sales. Maintains a strong community presence through partnership with community and business organizations. Make final decision around all store sales and performance incentive programs Pro-actively search out opportunities to optimize Food and Beverage at D&B.; Guests: Consistently meet the standard for the guest experience (quality of operations) Deliver an unparalleled guest experience through the best combination of food, drinks and games in an ideal environment for celebrating all out fun. Maintain a safe and secure environment for all D&B; guests and staff Continuously improves operational execution through attention to detail and adherence to D&B; operating standards and philosophies. NSO: Actively participates in succession planning by developing promotable people Provide training support for New Store Openings (NSO), as needed QUALIFICATIONS: Brand Ambassador and Culture Champion! Demonstrated knowledge and execution of current D&B; operating standards Demonstrated ability in developing team members in areas of responsibility Demonstrated ability to achieve expected store financial results in areas of responsibility PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS: Ability to enthusiastically interact with others Shares work knowledge and experiences with co-workers Adaptability, flexibility, general enthusiasm for the business Excellent pace and energy, self-motivated Strong communication skills; ability to write and verbally communicate in a clear and concise manner Ability to establish working relationships with all employees, management and vendors Ability to maintain and project professionalism, internally and externally, at all times Courteous/nice/spirit of generosity Can create and communicate a vision for the store Exercises good judgment in decision making Flexible in approach; can readily adapt to business and team needs and changes Excellent teaching and coaching skills Holds self-accountable for high personal standards of conduct and professionalism Respect for individuals (customers, vendors, and employees) Appreciation of diversity (thought, ethnic, gender, etc.) Innovative and strategic thinker. Capable of developing compelling culinary strategies Strong statistical inclination, able to synthesize data into concise business tactics Innate ability to inspire team Positive Energy LOVES Dave and Buster's