Taylor Digital: Solution/Platform Architect Role Description: To provide solution and architecture leadership in the development of a common marketplace and digital/eComm platform to support all Taylor Corporation businesses. This role is a leadership role within the product team where you will have to be successful working at the strategic level but must be able to work at the functional level directly with the development team. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for designing and delivering solutions that are aligned with business requirements. Partner with key stakeholders and technology partners to evaluate requirements for a new eCommerce platform and provide overall solution design and technical guidance to the teams Provide architecture expertise, guidance and governance for new initiatives, in order to ensure platform stability, risk management & mitigation, adherence to standards, and optimization of Taylor’s investment. Deliverables include system architecture diagrams and data flows outlining the connectivity between modules and across platforms, as well as other artifacts.. Provide insight and demonstrated knowledge to influence various strategies including; Roadmap development Technical representative providing expertise and deliverables related to vendor solution assessments Advising to support software development and delivery activities of other Taylor teams. Work with project management and project technical teams to provide input toward resource requirements, incorporate technical tasks in the overall project plan, and confirm technical scope ensuring fit of requirements into platform architecture. Other duties & responsibilities aligning to Taylor’s culture include: Contribute to and cultivate a culture promoting effective software management practices and execution. Foster a positive, engaging and challenging team-focused ‘global’ work environment to ensure high productivity, employee engagement, and optimal performance. Build and maintain active, collaborative relationships with key team stakeholders. Ensure a high level of partnering on strategic initiatives and business priorities. On an as needed basis, proactively engage with internal and external partners to identify and define opportunities where the application of information technology can advance the strategic goals and objectives of Taylor and the ability to identify the best solution for technical challenges, regardless of the existing technology landscape Collaborate with other architecture groups to ensure common solutions across platforms are well thought out. Specifically data architecture and API architecture. Able to mentor and work directly with engineers and the development team. DESIRED/PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 10 years of experience in technology thought leadership (development, architecture, management) Experience in platform development using multiple technologies, including Cloud Technology, API Technology, and other eComm/Digital platforms 4+ years of experience with responsibility for setting and executing toward strategic direction across areas of responsibility. Ability to explain complex technical solutions and architecture strategies to non-technical resources. Experience working in Agile development environments Strong understanding and demonstrated advocacy for DevOps practices Advanced degree in Computer Science or business related discipline. Experience as a team lead or broad facilitator of solution architecture definition, designs, and documentation. Able to work independently, as well as cooperatively. Excellent facilitation, oral, and written communication skills. Analytical problem solving skills. Proven track record in architecture methods and deliverables including use cases, business process documentation, business context diagrams along with supporting logical and physical deployments. High degree of demonstrated collaboration across business units and IT teams. Demonstrated responsibility for setting, and executing toward, strategic direction across areas of ownership and influence.