Duties Summary DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is located in the Department of Labor, Office of Inspector General, Office of Investigations-Labor Racketeering and Fraud, in the Division of Advanced Technology and Analytics (DATA). The Office of Investigations - Labor Racketeering and Fraud’s (OI) mission is twofold: (1) to conduct criminal investigations relating to programs and operations of the Department of Labor (DOL), in order to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in such programs and operations; and (2) to identify and reduce labor racketeering and corruption in employee benefit plans, labor- management relations, and internal union affairs, and to investigate activity by traditional and nontraditional organized crime groups that adversely affect the American worker. These investigations of fraud and abuse are primarily criminal in nature and include contracts and grants fraud, worker’s compensation fraud, and internal fraud, as well as labor violations related to the Labor Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA); the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), including corresponding Titles 18 and 29 criminal violations; the Taft-Hartley Act; and the Hobbs Act. More than one selection may be made. Permanent Change of Station funds (PCS) will not be offered. Relocation incentive will not be offered. Responsibilities Uses data mining and analytics (DM&A;) techniques that includes heavy reliance on obtaining access to different information systems; large, complex databases; supplemental reports, data dictionaries, and information from interviews of subject matter experts. Determines the appropriate software packages and computer programming scripts to use in accessing and exporting data from multiple sources into correctly configured data stores for DM&A; use. Independently designs and develops new data requirements and approaches to knowledge discovery to solve known business problems and/or demonstrate patterns, trends, relationships and anomalies of particular interest or concern. Utilizes programming/query languages such as JAVA, R, Python, Anaconda, SQL, C/C++/C, SAS and customized programming scripts in the performance of DM&A.; Writes reports, that are factual supported, organized, concise, and understandable, for OI criminal investigators and investigative analysts on the results of DM&A; activities, review the work of others performing similar work and assist others in the use of the DM&A; applications, including others using DM&A; results in the performance of audits and investigations. Serves as a database technology expert - uses external and internal data sources, including how the data is gathered, stored, and retrieved. Enables extracts from/to data stores; retrieves data from internal/external sources; Cleans disparate data from multiple sources and formats in preparation for use in modeling and ad-hoc analytics. Travel Required Occasional travel - Occasional overnight travel may be required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 14 Who May Apply This job is open to… U.S. Citizens; Interagency Career Transition Assistance Prog (ICTAP) and Career Transition Assistance Prog (CTAP) eligibles in the local commuting area. Questions? This job is open to 2 groups. Job family (Series) 2210 Information Technology Management Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Requires a valid drivers license. Must be at least 16 years of age. Subject to financial disclosure requirements. U.S. Citizenship. Requires a security clearance. Requires a probationary period if the requirement has not been met. Applicants must meet all legal and regulatory requirements. Reference the "Required Documents" section for additional requirements. Qualifications Applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level, GS-13, in the Federal Service. Specialized Experience: Must possess the following specialized experience and knowledge of data mining and analytics (DM&A;) techniques that includes heavy reliance on obtaining access to heterogeneous information systems; state-of-the art programming languages such as JAVA, R, Python, Anaconda, SQL, C++, SAS and/or customized programming scripts; and design and development of new data requirements to discovery and solve known business problems and/or demonstrate patterns, trends, relationships and anomalies of particular interest or concern; take statistical and computational analyses and turns these into graphs, charts, and animations; create static and dynamic visualizations such as motion charts, digital maps and word maps that clearly show insights from data and corresponding analytics. Position is at the full performance level GS-14. This position is outside the Bargaining Unit. This position will not be filled until the Department's Placement Assistance Programs have been fully utilized. Education There is no substitution of education for the required specialize experience at the GS-14 level. Additional information Refer to these links for more information: GENERAL INFORMATION , ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION , FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be evaluated against the evaluation factors below and will be placed into a category based on your vacancy question responses. Categories: Category A - Outstanding level based on review of resume and responses to the CBQ questionnaire according to job analysis. Category B - Exceeds the minimum qualifications based on review of resume and responses to the CBQ questionnaire according to job analysis. Category C - Meets the minimum qualifications based on review of resume and responses to the CBQ questionnaire according to job analysis. Evaluation Factors (Competencies) \- All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies: Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. Interpersonal Skills: Shows understanding, professionalism, courtesy, tact, empathy, concern, and politeness to others; develops and maintains effective relationships with others; may include effectively dealing with individuals who are difficult, hostile, or distressed. Oral Communication: Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations. Problem Solving: Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Self Management: Sets well-defined and realistic personal goals; displays a high level of initiative, effort, and commitment towards completing assignments in a timely manner; works with minimal supervision. Customer Service: Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services. Writing: Documents results and develops reports, as necessary, to represent the work performed and the results achieved, including making recommendations. The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references and through other means (ex. interview). The examining Human Resources Office (HRO) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your responses to the vacancy questions. If not, the HRO may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume. Your evaluation may also include a review by a Human Resources Specialist or panel and may include other assessments (ex. interview, panel review, written test, writing sample, etc.) INFORMATION FOR ICTAP/CTAP ELIGIBLES ONLY: If you are eligible for special priority selection under ICTAP/CTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration. ICTAP/CTAP eligibles who are placed into Category B or higher will be considered "well-qualified". Click Application of Veterans Preference for Category Rating Jobs for more information. To preview questions please click here . Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Top Secret Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. Follow the instructions: click How To Submit Supplemental Documentation Document . You are not required to submit a document if it does not apply to you. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password protected documents. Veterans Documents (if applicable): To be considered as a 5-point preference eligible, you must submit a copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD214. Your DD-214 must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty. To claim 10-point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD214; an Application for 10-point Veteran's Preference, SF15; and the proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally an official statement, dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. (For active duty service members expecting honorable or general discharge or release within 120 days, click Active Duty ). Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference. For more information, go to: http://www.fedshirevets.gov/hire/hrp/vetguide/index.aspx Displaced Employee Placement Documents – Only required if requesting priority consideration under CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship , and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.