Our Corporate Solutions Group is currently seeking a Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst \- _Operations and Customer Experience_. You will work closely with the BI manager to generate, aggregate, and analyze data to help better understand operational performance and its impact on customer experience. This is a great opportunity for an analytically minded individual willing to learn multiple service lines and influence the decision making process. The _Operations and Customer Experience_ _BI Analyst_ is charged with a wide variety of tasks. This person will manage the creation of client facing reports and analytics using Jones Lang LaSalle’s and UnitedHealth Group’s robust technological tools. Strong applicants will have a robust skillset comprised of experience with BI tools, languages, and data interpretation. Both visual and verbal presentation skills will be of the essence. This person will also be charged with effective daily coordination, support, and administration of the BI self-service portal and other intranet portals to support the Operations Team with performance metrics. Additional activities may include, but are not limited to, functional reporting, risk management, requirements gathering, process documentation, data collection, and maintenance of department databases. What does this job involve? Having the know-how You’ll need to be fluent in reporting, analytics, data modelling, visualization, and supporting technologies. In this role, you will take ownership of end to end processes, including development, testing, implementation, presentation, and continuous improvement of BI solutions. You will partner with business leaders to understand and refine requirements before leveraging your expertise to deliver enhanced insights to business partners and clients. Being a trailblazer and breaking new ground To be successful in this role, you should be a confident professional with broad skills in analyzing and solving complex business problems, writing, presenting, facilitating, and influencing. This includes being able to extrapolate trending and forecasted data for key performance indicators and providing hands-on analytical and technical support to a wide range of talented professionals. Sound like you? Before you apply, it’s also worth knowing what we’re looking for: Properly Trained A Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Finance, Information Systems, Mathematics, Project Management, Real Estate, Statistics, or related field is required. A minimum of 2-4 years of practical experience in business intelligence and/or financial analysis is highly regarded. Six Sigma certification or other certifications and experience related to process improvement and the statistical evaluation of those processes is favorable. Experience in real estate brokerage, operations management, construction management, or property management preferred. Proficiency with the following data, business intelligence, and statistical applications are a plus: Tableau, Power BI, Rest API, Python, SQL SAS, Access, MiniTab, R, SharePoint. Dynamic and Highly Skilled You’ll need to be dynamic and technologically savvy– – utilizing software to support planning solutions and communicate ideas clearly with planning team and lines of businesses. You will be successful if you have advanced skills in Tableau, Alteryx, Microsoft Excel, PowerPivot, and/or PowerView. Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite and ability to consolidate data into PowerPoint for presentations is expected. You’ll be effective in the role if you’re a proactive self-starter who’s able to ask the right questions, understand the underlying needs of our clients, follow-through, and develop innovative solutions. Organized, Open and Flexible Excellent communication skills are important – both written and spoken. We’ll expect you to work independently, multi-task, and manage your time to meet deadlines. Staying on top of things will be key, as you’ll often need to reorganize your time to deal with your team’s changing necessities and requests. An individual with strong interpersonal skills with an ability to interact with all level external and internal clients will successful in the role. Most importantly, you’ll want to work as part of a diverse, supportive, and talented team. What you can expect from us You’ll join an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture; one where we succeed together and achieve great things – across the desk and around the globe. Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your ambitions in career, recognition, well-being, benefits, and pay. We’ll offer you a competitive salary and benefits package. With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. LI _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._