About us. Founded in 1996, Arizona Nutritional Supplements (ANS) is one of the leading manufacturers of specialty supplements for private label for leading national and global marketers and retailers. The company’s high quality standards and superior customer service have attracted many of the leading sellers of supplements and driven rapid growth. Our state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly facilities in Chandler, Arizona, exceed cGMP standards and allow us to grow in anticipation of our customers’ needs. With over 350,000 square-feet of production and warehousing space, as well as continued expansion plans, ANS is equipped to bring its customers’ product vision to market. Position Summary: You will receive samples as they arrive at lab. Dispose of hazardous waste. Maintain raw material retentions. Assist in identification by prepping HPTLC mobile phases, performing organoleptic testing, MID-IR testing and other tests. Keep the lab clean at all times to prevent safety hazards in the workplace. Responsibilities: Essential Duties – Order does not necessarily indicate duty importance. Follow all company policies and procedures. Follow and ensure compliance to quality system and cGMP programs. Calibrate lab equipment daily. Receive samples. Complete data entry and maintain accurate and highly organized records. Weigh up samples. Prepare samples for chemists as requested. Complete MID-IR tests, organoleptic testing, bulk, and tapped density testing on materials. Complete solubility, moisture, and appearance tests on finished products. Perform irradiation testing on the PPSL. Place samples in retention. Wash dishes. Clean and maintain the lab. Dispose of any waste (chemicals and glass) and clean equipment. Perform general cleaning for ICP-MS and GC-MS. Perform other duties as assigned or needed. Minimum Requirements Non-supervisory role. Must have high school degree or equivalent. Two years of work experience is preferred. No certifications or licenses required. Must have basic to moderate math skills. Moderate reading skills required. Basic computer skills needed. Must have moderate language skills. Must have moderate writing skills. Must be willing to learn new tasks and procedures. Ability to efficiently and effectively perform all essential position duties and responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodation without posing a direct safety threat to self or others. Maintain a regular and dependable work attendance record with few instances of unplanned and/or unexpected absence. Machines Typically Operated: Include but are not limited to MID-IR, NIR, PPSL, Tapped Density