Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Global People Operations team strives to create and deliver a seamless and positive employee experience across the entire employee lifecycle. Leading with care and empathy, we develop efficient and simple people processes, systems, policies, and programs. We deliver data that is useful and accurate to create People-related strategies across the business. We manage people knowledge and build project management capability across our company. Our work also ensures Facebook remains protected and compliant. We strive to ensure employees feel heard and given the resources and support they need during the most important moments during their careers. The Global People Operations team is seeking an experienced Learning Operations Leader to build and lead technology, data, process and vendor strategies for the Learning Operations team. The ideal candidate is someone who has managed and built strong cross-functional relationships and is a strong communicator. This is an individual contributor and internal facing role that will take ownership to scale our Learning Operations delivery through strong solutions and streamlined processes. This is a full-time position in People Operations located in either Austin, TX or Menlo Park, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES Collaborative Relationships: Develop collaborative relationships with key stakeholders across the company to strategically develop, implement and optimize processes and tools that enable learning to scale globally Effectively influence leaders and key partners to gain alignment around cross-functional requirements for technology, data and vendors Manage and escalate risks and issues and collaborate with cross-functional partners on resolution Project Management & Planning: Manage projects with large scale activities that span multiple People teams and business partners Coordinate with key partners (L&D;, Legal, People Analytics, Enterprise Engineering, Vendor Management) to bring solutions and roadmap to life for our Learning teams Work with program owners to measure the impact of projects and ensure scalable solutions Oversee the demand planning process globally for L&D; Technology & Data: Manage, improve and optimize the Learning Management System to ensure the system is meeting the L&D; needs for the company, research and recommend technology enhancements as needed Prioritize and advocate for LMS tool enhancements in order to eliminate manual processes/work and drive efficiencies of the team Establish standardized program reporting to deliver insights to program owners and managers Manage ongoing processes to make sure that dependencies with downstream systems and data are managed and communicated effectively Process Improvement: Understand the current learning processes and tools to determine potential efficiencies for delivering programs at scale globally Improve processes and drive requirements for additional system improvements to eliminate manual processes Develop and ensure standard operating procedures are in place for programs supported by the team globally Manage and maintain process documentation and oversee process to keep updated Vendor Management Ops: Manage vendor day-to-day operations and escalation path of our vendor teams executing our services Drive efficiency, customer satisfaction, and cost effectiveness of vendor support model Partner with Vendor Management team on our vendor KPIs for measuring the success of services Manage Vendor Business Reviews on a quarterly basis on performance to SLAs and to KPIs Team Management: Manage up to 2+ direct reports in the future Ability to manage remote staff effectively and drive consistency of global processes Provide coaching and development for direct reports in the future MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS B.A. or B.S. degree in business, HR, operations, or equivalent experience 6+ years of experience in either L&D; or HR Operations 2+ years of people management experience 2+ years experience in HR analytics using HR systems and tools (e.g. Workday, Visier, etc.) Experience with Excel (VLOOKUP, pivot tables, macros, etc.) and PowerPoint Experience with project management and strategic planning Experience managing a Learning Management System and developing strategic roadmap Experience generating and interpreting data in order to form stories and make decisions Experience managing and developing cross-functional teams Experience in evaluating, developing and implementing operational improvements through automation and process redesign to enable scalability and velocity Analytical, problem-solving and interpersonal experience Experience breaking down processes and identifying key pain points in order to deliver business improvements at local, regional and global levels Leadership and interpersonal experience and building relationships with cross- functional teams Experience collaborating with and influencing cross-functional teams to set objectives and produce results PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS MBA or Master's degree Six Sigma Green Belt or Black Belt PMP (or equivalent) Experience with LMS Cornerstone Experience with Learning and Development metrics Experience working in a growth company