: At Tesla, we move at warp speed and warehousing, distribution and logistics is at the forefront of the evolution of Tesla’s supply chain as we embark on transformational change in the coming months. We have an ambitious vision and a complex portfolio of programs that enable Tesla’s future. The Industrial Engineer leads definition and execution of warehouse and distribution business processes and systemic workflows to unlock efficient material flows, drives business process, tools and strategies to enable cost efficiencies, high throughput capabilities and operating models throughout our organization. You’ll leverage a deep understanding of all warehouse processes from receiving through shipping, including order fulfillment, sequencing, metering, and value added services. We are looking for a candidate who is a critical thinker, process-oriented, results driven, and data-centric. Responsibilities: Collaborate with stakeholder teams like Operations, IT Systems Developers, Automation Tech Developers, Production Control, Material Planning, and 3PLs to prioritize and maximize operational support. Own process design, implementation, continuous improvements, and process change control across facilities. Own change management, tight collaboration with primary stakeholders, knowledge transfer and successful adoption and stabilization of processes. Develop discrete event simulation (DES) models for all processes including inbound, order fulfilment, to outbound processes and deliveries. Optimize facility layouts; analyze process and facility throughput capacities, bottlenecks and buffer sizes using process modeling. Lead and own PFEP, standardization and adoption of processes, tools and systems across the network. Analyze material flow from the network of external and 3PL warehouses to manufacturing facilities optimizing for space, cost, and service levels. Evaluate automated MHE for cost and performance; execute assigned projects initiated as a part of organizational roadmap. Define systemic processes and functionalities; participate in development of WMS’ roadmap, and implementation. Lead continuous evolution of business systems like WMS, MES, and ERP etc. by working closely with IT Systems Development teams and Operations and automate systemic and operational workflows. Evaluate alternate and emerging warehouse and distribution technologies to reduce total cost-to-serve, included data-driven proposals, justification, acquisition and implementation. Requirements: Master’s degree in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Systems Engineering, Supply Chain Management or equivalent. 2+ years of experience in supply chain operations, logistics, or manufacturing. Commanding knowledge of lean principles, distribution or fulfilment processes, logistics business systems, pre-determined motion and time standards, and application of optimization and simulation methodologies. Advanced skills in working with process modeling software like AnyLogic, Arena, and FlexSim etc. Advanced skills in Excel, SQL or other analytical tools for data mining and analysis. Proficient in best practices and effective solutions from within the industry or derived from other industries. Exceptional project management and organizational skills. Ability to thrive in a fast-moving and constantly evolving high growth environment. Comfortable in an environment with unstructured, incomplete and ambiguous data. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program