Overview Job Title: EB Data Analyst Department: Employee Benefits Reports To: President of Employee Benefits FLSA Status: Exempt Job Code: Account Executive Summary Designs risk management strategies and produces measureable outcomes through the use of data and technology. Responsibilities Essential Duties include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Analyzes benefits plan data to identify population risk, clinical and financial trends, and utilization trends. Works with sales and service team to develop actionable items to mitigate client claims costs. Creates/updates employer dashboard reports with summary clinical and financial data. Provides network, PBM, and claims data analysis, on a project basis. Works with carriers and other administrators to obtain data required for analysis. Develops new technologies and processes to measure risk, and quantify outcomes. Provides ad hoc queries to support sales and support teams. Enhances plan communications platform by leveraging technology. Supports sales and prospecting efforts in the Large Group Practice. Cultivates and manages relationships with third party administrators and insurance carriers regarding data. Presents plan performance reports to clients on an as needed basis. Assists in evaluating current product results; identifying needs to be filled; monitoring competitive options; analyzing and relaying customer experience. Provides team and client with appropriate timelines to ensure that expectations and turnaround times are met. Contributes to the team goals by accomplishing related projects. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Provides technical guidance and training to other team members as assigned. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience Five or more years of industry experience or a Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year College or university; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Degree in mathematics, computer science or actuary science is preferred. Language Skills Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Superior written and verbal skills. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Mathematical Skills Highly analytic and proficient in statistics and mathematics. Reasoning Ability Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Other Skills and Abilities Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Thorough knowledge of markets. Advanced knowledge of self-funded plans. Other Qualifications Life and Health license required. Must be willing to travel. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to sit and talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.