Our Exciting Work Environment This position will be based out of Delaware North’s new global headquarters, a state-of-the-art, 12-story, mixed-use building in downtown Buffalo, N.Y. The headquarters facility, reflective of our values, integrates the latest advances in environmental, energy conservation and office design. The Opportunity The Network Architect’s role is to design and configure network systems across the enterprise. This includes the designing, developing, installing, and configuring in order to optimize all local and wide area network hardware, corporate servers, associated software and communication links. Responsibilities include: Ensures the stable, secure and cost effective operation of the organization’s IT infrastructure. Provides input and manages short and long term projects designed to meet business requirements for infrastructure functionality, performance, availability, cost and business continuity needs while taking into account business direction and growth strategies. Designs and administers server and network systems, storage solutions, virtual environments and cloud architecture. Assists the CIO and team with the design, and ensuring compliance to, infrastructure related IT governance, Legal and Regulatory required policies and procedures, such as access management and change management Implements strategy and standards and ensure compliance and accuracy for assigned technical baselines, including cloud architectures, server technologies, and communication technologies, LANs, WANs, Internet, Intranet, security, wireless implementations and any devices connecting to, or containing DNC data or systems. Implements short and long term strategic plans to ensure infrastructure capacity meets existing and future requirements. Ensures effective implementation of hardware, software and communication standards in conjunction with owners and stakeholders. Implements testing methodologies for infrastructure performance and security. Creates and ensures work flow and systems applications in a clear, concise manner. Ensures the stable operation and efficient performance of company networks Manages budgets and operational costs; assists with near and long-term financial forecasts for expanded functionality/user base. Establish and maintain regular written and in-person communications with Information Technology’s senior leaders, stakeholders, department heads, and end users regarding pertinent infrastructure activities. Interacts and negotiates with vendors and contractors while leveraging internal Delaware North Procurement expertise to secure infrastructure-specific products and services. Prepare RFPs, bid proposals, contracts, scope of work reports, and other documentation for infrastructure projects and associated efforts. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent from an accredited college or university in Information Management, Computer Science, Computer Systems Engineering, Business Administration, Mathematics, or a related field. A minimum of 6-8 years of related experience in the implementation, management and maintenance of information technology infrastructure and IT systems including cloud architectures, server technologies, and communication technologies, LANs, WANs, telephone, voice, video and data communication systems. Proven ability to work with diverse stakeholders, manage competing agendas and priorities, and translate complex information across internal and external audiences. Who We Are Take your career beyond the ordinary—to the extraordinary. At Delaware North, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. Whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. We empower you to do great work in a company with 100 years of success, stability and growth. If you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision, grow with us. Delaware North is one of the largest and most admired, privately-held hospitality companies in the world. Founded and owned by the Jacobs family for nearly 100 years, it is a global leader in hospitality and food service with operations in the sports, travel hospitality, restaurants and catering, parks, resorts, gaming and specialty retail industries. Delaware North has annual revenue exceeding $3 billion with 60,000 employee associates. To learn more, visit www.delawarenorth.com. All applicants will be subject to a pre-employment background check and may be subject to a pre-employment drug test depending upon the position and/or client requirements. Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer. LI-PE1