Position Information Posting Number S01057P Position Title Business Analytics Analyst I [S01057P] Department University Analytics Location Arlington Job Family Business Technology Position Status Full-time Work Hours Standard Work Schedule Monday – Friday; 8:00am – 5:00pm. Open to External and Internal FLSA Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience. Duration Funding expected to continue Pay Basis Monthly Benefits Eligible Yes Job Summary To support University Analytics and decision making through data analysis, interpretation, reporting, and development of recommendations for institutional action. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Collects, analyzes, interprets and reports University-related information. Prepares, presents, and distributes detailed data analysis and Ad Hoc reports in various formats like charts, glossaries, executive summaries and briefings. Organizes and presents clearly and effectively research-based information, analysis, results, and interpretations. Evaluates and responds to data requests originating from within and outside the institution; works with requestors to clarify their needs and optimizes the use of research results. Collaborates with the IT department and data owners to improve accuracy of data entered and stored in the centralized database. Work with various departments to ensure timely and accurate reports by providing knowledge about local, state and federal requirements. Work on creating, validating and publishing internal and external reports. Analyzes extracted or collected data using SAS, Tableau or other statistical analysis tools. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, information systems, statistics, or related discipline or the equivalent experience. 2+ years experience in data analysis and reporting, or related field. Ability to work well with people in all levels of the organization. Experience in a data analysis, data driven research and/or predictive analysis role is required. Ability to prepare and present reports and dashboards to diverse audiences is required. Displays attention to detail and accuracy. Strong MS Office skills (Word, Excel), SharePoint. Excellent organization, teamwork, problem-solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills. Ability to communicate and collaborate with people at all levels of the organization. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of PeopleSoft Campus Solutions a plus. Previous experience with utilizing analytical tools such as SAS, Tableau, and/or R is preferred. Working Conditions Special Conditions for Eligibility EEO Statement UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus. Posting Detail Information Number of Vacancies 1 Desired Start Date Open Date Review Start Date Open Until Filled Special Instructions to Applicants Applicants must include in their online resume the following information: 1) Employment history: name of company, period employed (from month/year to month/year), job title, summary of job duties and 2) Education: If no high school diploma or GED, list highest grade completed; If some college or college degree, list school name, degree type, major.