The Texas Education Agency is seeking a talented individual to join a team of professionals dedicated to improving the educational outcomes for all public school students in the state of Texas. This position is in the Permanent School Fund (PSF), a $34 billion perpetual public fund endowment that helps finance the state's public schools. This Investment Analyst IV position reports to the Director of Equities(DOE) of the Texas Permanent School Fund (TPSF). Performs highly advanced investment research and analysis work related to domestic and international equities asset classes. Assists in the management of domestic equities portfolios. Executes trades at the direction of the DOE/portfolio manager. Monitor external managers and their markets. Assists in the development of investment strategies and recommends investments. Performs complex investment research data collection and analysis work. Work involves conducting investment and statistical research and analysis; evaluating investment information such as market operations and conditions; preparing and presenting reports; and conducting special projects pertaining to the administration of the Permanent School Fund. A successful candidate must be honest and ethical in all work; recognize the requirements of confidentiality; and be intellectually curious about investments and global financial markets. The professional selected for this position will work under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment; and is expected to help the PSF meet its performance goals and support the Texas Education Agency in fulfilling its strategic priorities. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Essential Job Functions: As a member of a team and under the direction of the Director of Equities: Assist in the investment management processes of public equities portfolios. As directed, execute portfolio trades and asset allocations re-balances utilizing Aladdin and Bloomberg portfolio and execution management systems. Track, analyze and disseminate relevant market news and trends. Provide end-of-trading-day process support and generate required reports. Assist in coordinating with PSF Operations/IT and Aladdin staff to update, reconcile and maintain internal equity portfolio management system and databases. Assist with researching, evaluating, and monitoring alpha-generating trades within investment policy constraints. Assist in researching and the development of capital markets projections for Public Equity asset classes. Preparing Asset Class Reviews reports as directed. Provide analytical and technical support to Director of Equities and equity team to create efficiencies in internal equity portfolio management processes. Produce and provide ad hoc investment reports and materials as necessary for internal equities team. Create and maintain documentation of investment procedures for internally managed public equity portfolios. Assist in competitive procurements to evaluate prospective service providers for PSF. Pursue continuing education and training to broaden knowledge, skills and abilities. Attend industry conferences and forums. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four year college or university with major course work in business administration, accounting, finance or related field. Experience: A minimum of four (4) years of equity trading, investment research or quantitative analysis work experience. Working and applied knowledge of securities markets, corporate financial statements, and macroeconomics. PC experience with financial databases and software applications to include intermediate Excel, Word and PowerPoint skills. Preferred: Experience with institutional buy and/or sell-side entities. Experience utilizing and familiarity with market tools e.g., Bloomberg, Aladdin, Charles River, Instinet. Travel: 10% required. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: Securities accounting, procedures, and capital market operations; of equities research and trading techniques; of statistical concepts and methods and their application to research analysis; of various financial data systems; and of macroeconomics; and securities trading, market structures, transaction cost analysis and execution platforms. Skill in: Mathematics, analytics and in the use of computer software and coding programs, particularly Word, Excel, Powerpoint, SQL and Java/C++; excellent writing and listening skills with a proven ability to disseminate information effectively and articulate thoughts in a clear and concise manner to staff and various governing bodies through written correspondence, presentations and/or meetings; must have clear focus on excellent customer service and delivery of error free work product; and must have keen interpersonal skills, be results oriented and able to exhibit strong work habits. Ability to: Apply financial research techniques and to conduct searches and evaluations of data utilizing the Internet and other resources; be reliable and exhibit a strong work ethic and work effectively and collaboratively as part of a team; analyze, evaluate and summarize financial data and prepare management reports; act in accordance with the Chartered Financial Analyst Institute code of ethics and standards of professional conduct; communicate clearly and effectively, both verbally and in writing, including writing management reports and making public presentations; provide outstanding customer service to a diverse group of internal and external customers; establish and maintain effective and professional relationships with a diverse group of internal and external staff; be flexible and organized to handle multiple and shifting priorities while paying attention to details; and use sound judgment to make decisions. Must be able and willing to travel. Relocation assistance Is not available for this position. Candidates are subject to background checking before being hired. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency. There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.