Provide Network and Systems administration for System Engineers and internal server environments. This includes but not limited to planning, developing, installing, configuring, maintaining, supporting, and optimizing all system hardware, software, and communication links. Analyze and resolve end user hardware and software computer problems in a timely and accurate fashion. Provide end user training as required. Job Responsibilities: Test, maintain, and monitor computer programs and systems, including coordinating the installation of computer programs and systems. Develop, document and revise system design procedures, test procedures, and quality standards. Provide staff and users with assistance solving computer related problems, such as malfunctions and program problems. Review and analyze computer printouts and performance indicators to locate code problems, and correct errors by correcting codes. Consult with management to ensure agreement on system principles. Designs, develops, supports, and maintains the organization's systems infrastructure, including the implementation and design of hardware and software. Reviews previous documents and prepares up-to-date documents/modes/reports to meet consumer requests. Performs end-user support. Performs IT functions such as design, analysis, evaluation, testing, debugging and implementation of applications programs supporting the company infrastructure business processes and operations and/or network-based (cloud) product systems. Analyzes, installs, acquires, modifies and supports operating systems, database or utilities software. Plans, conducts and directs the analysis of business problems with automated systems solutions. Analyzes, designs, acquires and implements projects for LAN and/or WAN systems. Plans, designs, acquires and implements telecommunications voice/wire systems. At higher job levels, may contribute to the development, testing, evaluation or design of system or infrastructure architecture used throughout the IT solution set. Installs, configures and troubleshoots servers and network issues in a diverse environment. Communicates highly technical information to both technical and nontechnical personnel. Recommends hardware and software solutions, including new acquisitions and upgrades. May participate in development of information technology and infrastructure projects. May conduct training programs designed to educate an organization’s computer users about basic and specialized applications. Provides timely resolution of problems or escalation on behalf of customer to appropriate technical personnel. Provides case status updates to management and end-users. Supports and maintains effective relationships with users. Develops, documents, and implements standard operating procedures and customer service guidelines relating to IT support. Maintains, monitors, and supports the infrastructure environment and/or facilities. Coordinates and works on multiple cross-functional base work initiatives and projects. Diagnoses and resolves complex hardware, software and connectivity problems. Supports multiple systems or applications of medium to high complexity (complexity defined by size, technology used, and system feeds and interfaces) with multiple concurrent users, ensuring control, integrity, and accessibility. Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree (four-year college or technical school) Preferred, Field of Study: Computer Science or related field 3+ years of experience in computer networking, systems, or related experience Working technical knowledge of network and PC operating systems, including Windows Servers Hands-on hardware troubleshooting experience Microsoft certifications, MCSE/MCSA preferred Working technical knowledge of current software protocols, and Internet standards, including TCP/UDP, SMTP, HTTP, LDAP, etc. Extensive experience designing, implementing and maintaining the majority of the following solutions, systems and applications: Storage Area Networks – EMC, Dell and IBM Virtualization – VMware and Hyper-V Application Delivery – Citrix XenApp/XenDesktop and NetScaler Backup and Recovery – Veritas NetBackup and Backup Exec Messaging – Microsoft Exchange, Slack and Microsoft Office 365 Directory Services – Microsoft Active Directory (Domain Services and Certificate Services), DNS and DHCP Systems Monitoring – SolarWinds Orion or equivalent Cloud Computing – Amazon Web Services Data Center Infrastructure – Environmental Controls, Power Delivery (Generator, UPS, Transfer Switches, etc.) and Access Control/Monitoring Excellent software troubleshooting experience Extensive application support experience with Microsoft SQL Server and IIS Working technical knowledge of Windows PowerShell and VB scripting languages NextGen Healthcare believes in strength through diversity. We are an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer supporting Diversity, Disabled, and Protected Veterans. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. To accomplish this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, each essential function satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to help enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Because NextGen Healthcare believes in providing a safe work environment, we conduct background checks as part of our hiring processes.