Inventory Planner II Are you a Sr. Inventory Planner with a passion for purchasing? If so, we could love to speak to you! Landsberg Orora is seeking an experienced Inventory Planner ll. This position will report to the: Operations Manager Travel Requirement: Less than 10% of Travel Required FLSA Status : Non-exempt Landsberg Orora started in 1947, with the philosophy that everything begins and ends with the customer. Today, with locations across North America, Europe and Asia, Landsberg Orora is a market leader in designing custom packaging solutions and supplying a broad range of commodity packaging and stock packaging for our global customers. At Landsberg Orora, we take pride in powering innovations in packaging while ensuring sustainability is fundamental to everything we do. We believe our packaging touches lives and together, we, together as a team, deliver on the promise of what’s inside. From custom packaging design and packaging materials, to prototype development and manufacturing, packaging automation and equipment, kitting and fulfillment, global sourcing, and full service warehousing and logistics, our packaging consultants develop cutting-edge, innovative solutions that take a product from concept to consumer. It is with this passion and commitment to innovation, we believe in hiring and developing the very best talent by living our core values of Teamwork, Passion, Respect, and Integrity every day. Our vision is to be the industry-leading packaging solutions and displays company. We value Teamwork, Passion, Respect and Integrity. These core values define who we are and how we operate. They shape the way we work with each other, with our customers, and with our communities. Every day, we deliver packaging solutions that exceed our customers’ expectations while solving complex problems as a team. We believe that all team members (irrespective of their role or level), should aspire to distinctive leadership behavior, as we continue to deliver on the promise for our customers, shareholders and each other. Leadership is not tied to a job title, i.e. you don’t need to be accountable for a team to be considered a leader. At Orora leadership is encouraged at every level, within the team What You’ll be Responsible For in this Role An excellent career opportunity currently exists for an Inventory Planner ll who is a self-motivated professional with strong problem solving, written, and oral communication skills. The Inventory Planner is responsible for managing and maintaining appropriated levels of inventory on hand for the organization. This is accomplished by utilizing the Materials Requirements Planning tools in our ERP solution. The Inventory Planner will work with Category Management, Sales, Division Management and Logistics to coordinate requirements and buy triggers to maximize customer service while aligning with organizational goals related to inventory. The Inventory Planner I role will be responsible for perpetual inventory up to $3 million dollars total. Maintains input data which drives replenishment triggers from the Material Resource Planning system. o Includes lead time, reorder point, maximum inventory level, reorder quantity, scaled purchase quantities Determines proper methodology for inventory management by individual material or groups of materials, between reorder point planning and buying to forecast Assists in development of “bottom up” forecast models and liaises with business owners to gain consensus and agreement Reviews MRP created Purchase Requisitions for appropriateness and releases to be placed on PO and ordered from suppliers o Ensures that quantities and suppliers are in support of best practice purchasing Reviews inventory levels, assesses current performance, makes recommendations and changes to optimize inventory related to working capital, customer service and strategic initiatives. Responsible for metrics related to inventory management which can include turns, GMROII, inventory aging Manages the onboarding and sunsetting of materials and material groups for the organization ensuring new products support launch and exiting products are fully disposed of Demonstrates continuous effort to improve operations, improve turnaround times, streamline work processes and work cooperatively and jointly, to provide quality seamless customer service. Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested. Physical Agility Please refer to the Orora North America Job Analysis Report Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested. What We’re Looking For Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in related field 2-4 years Inventory planning experience 2-4 years working with SAP and or ERP implementation. Preferred Apex, LEAN Manufacturing, Six Sigma certification or equivalent. Additional Required Qualifications: Business Mastery Integrated Leadership People Development Change Management Intellectual flexibility & technical acumen Reasonable Accommodations Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you are interested in applying for employment with Orora and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, or if you believe you do not meet any of the required qualifications of a posted position due to a protected disability and would like to explore the possibility of an accommodation, please contact our Talent Acquisition team at: careers@ororagroup.com for additional support and guidance. Recruitment Agencies: Orora does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Orora is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.