Civil Service Title: Investigator, 02 (Discipline)The Bureau of Network Technology and Telecommunication Services (NTTS) aims to provide DOHMH programs and staff, our external partners and providers, and all citizens relying on our systems and services with a highly reliable and available network infrastructure and services for both voice and data. Resilient and centralized data center services for applications and hosting databases, a customer service-oriented and secure computing environment, and delivery of information technology products and resources that have been designed, engineered and implemented to support and facilitate the agency in all of our initiatives. Responsibilities: ? Perform sensitive investigation and studies concerning the administrative misconduct and incompetency of Child Care field inspector in compliance with IT security policies and internal security. ? Conduct IT security surveys of Child Care field operations, IT equipment and facilities. ? Develop IT security plan for all Child Care field inspectors. ? Plan and coordinate investigation schedules and assignments. ? Perform imaging and encryption of desktop computer, laptops and tablets (iOS & Android). ? Perform computer diagnostic and troubleshooting processes to resolve network, hardware, and software errors. ? Perform PC maintenance, hardware and software installation, upgrades, system support, equipment salvages, and inventory tracking. network engineers, system engineers and Web application engineers to explore and report on specific security risk issues in depth Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and four years of satisfactory full-time experience in one or more of the fields of accounting, auditing, correction administration, criminal justice administration and planning, forensic science, inspection, investigation, law enforcement, personnel administration, police science, and security, or in a major operational area of the agency in which the appointment is to be made; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college; or 3. Education and/or experience equivalent to "1" or "2" above. Preferred Skills ? 2 Travel throughout the 5 boroughs? Operating Systems: Windows OS, Android and iOS? LAN and WAN Knowledge? Help Desk Experience ? Verbal Communication? Phone Skills? Customer Service? PC, laptop, mobile device, and network proficiency? VoIP Phone installation and troubleshooting. Network/Systems support understanding (Tier 2 or 3 support)? Experience in large enterprise security planning, design, configuration, installation, troubleshooting, integration, security performance monitoring, product maintenance, and security product configuration enhancements;? Excellent written and verbal communication skills; excellent presentation skills and the ability to present material around information security awareness, and the ability to handle multiple tasks under tight deadlines; Additional Information IMPORTANT NOTES TO ALL CANDIDATES: Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as: ? A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver?s license. ? Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title. ? Current Resume ? Proof of Address/NYC Residency dated within the last 60 days, such as: Recent Utility Bill (i.e. Telephone, Cable, Mobile Phone) Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting?s ?Minimum Qualification Requirements? section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card. LOAN FORGIVENESSThe federal government provides student loan forgiveness through its Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) to all qualifying public service employees. Working with the DOHMH qualifies you as a public service employee and you may be able to take advantage of this program while working full-time and meeting the program?s other requirements. Please visit the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program site to view the eligibility requirements: https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness- cancellation/public-service To Apply Apply online with a cover letter to https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/. In the Job ID search bar, enter: job ID number 356184.We appreciate the interest and thank all applicants who apply, but only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. The NYC Health Department is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and culturally responsive workforce. We strongly encourage people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and gender non-conforming persons to apply.All applicants will be considered without regard to actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, age, prior record of arrest; or any other basis prohibited by law. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.