The Senior Data Engineer fulfills a crucial role in the development and operation of data products, production processes, and infrastructure within the Quantitative Research Group. She/He will contribute substantially in defining, designing, and implementing advanced data collection and processing algorithms to supply clients with distinctive high-quality data efficiently. She/He will be expected to be a thought leader within the line of business on data analytics and processing. In that capacity, she/he will collaborate across teams to and levels of the organization. Job Req ID 12436BR City West Chester Regular/Temporary Regular Entity Moody's Analytics (MA) Line of Business CS Econ & Consumer Credit (CS ECON AND CONS CRED) Qualifications Education and skills Advanced degree (M.S. or PhD) in a highly quantitative field – Engineering, mathematics, physical sciences, or other related majors Strong mathematics and programming skills are necessary Knowledge of R, Julia, Python, C/C++/C is useful but not required Coursework in economics or finance is useful but not required Competencies Advanced critical thinking and problem solving Ability to structure the ambiguous or uncertain Excellent teamwork and interpersonal skills Process analysis and continuous improvement Strong drive and initiative Effective communication Department/Team Data Services Job Category Engineering & Technology Job Sub Category Database Engineering Experience Level Experienced Hire Working at Moody's Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $4.2 billion in 2017, employs approximately 11,900 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 41 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com. EEO Policy Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com.. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law. Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law. Securities Trading Policy (STP) MIS and MSS Candidates are asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary.