Snowflake’s mission is to enable every organization to be data-driven with instant elasticity, secure data sharing and per-second pricing, across multiple clouds. Snowflake combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake has built a scalable, cost-effective data warehouse, built entirely for the cloud! We’ve brought together an incredible team that’s passionate about our product and our customers. We’re growing and looking for talented Data Engineers to come aboard. In this role, you will be a core part of our Data data team, which is responsible for the company’s data pipelines, warehouse, business intelligence, and analytics. We strive to be the center of excellence when it comes to the company’s data, working with every department to get them up and running with useful and timely information. This role provides an opportunity to have a large impact working with a small but mighty team. As a Data Engineer, you will: Design, Build, and maintain production-grade pipelines into our data warehouse. Build and maintain pipelines that feed systems that are the operational backbone of our business (e.g., Salesforce and our billing system). Unify and improve the infrastructure used to move logs from a variety of sources (mostly syslog on remote servers or S3). Help our Data team build infrastructure for mission-critical pipelines—i.e., version control, continuous integration, orchestration, alerting, a container service—all behind some API that facilitates easy deployment by Analysts and Data Scientists. Work with Analysts, Data Scientists, and Product Engineers to build APIs and pipelines that serve up real-time analytics and predictive models to the Snowflake service. Help define best practices for data movement which Engineers will use when designing and implementing pipelines. Help troubleshoot problematic queries and optimize how we use Snowflake internally. Our Ideal Candidate will have: Expert-level experience building low-latency pipelines to move large-scale data. Expert in at least one modern scripting language, preferably Python and/or Ruby. Regular use of a compiled programming language, preferably something that runs on the JVM (we use Scala and Java). Hands-on experience with MPP databases such as Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery, etc. Hands-on experience with tools used for low-latency event-based pipelines, such as Kafka, Flume, Kinesis, Fluentd, etc. Familiarity with orchestration frameworks (we use Airflow). Familiarity with streaming/micro-batch compute frameworks (we use Spark ). Experience working with SQL and relational data. A solid understanding of AWS Roles and Policies, as well as secret management (perhaps you’re even an authority on the topic). Above all else, you thrive in a dynamic environment. That means being flexible and willing to jump in and do whatever it takes to be successful. Some other technologies we use that we’d expect this person to be familiar with (or willing to learn): Git, SVN, Docker, AWS EMR, and AWS Lambda. Please provide a link to your Github profile along with your application. LI-SG1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.