Our Googlers are innovative, take big risks and get things done, and our compensation plans are designed to reward them accordingly. On the leading edge of the compensation field, our team runs cyclical cash and equity programs and takes the notion of "Total Rewards" to new heights. We always aim to better recognize outstanding performance, so as a member of this team, you're an unconventional thinker and are willing to make bold bets. You take Googlers' feedback seriously, and collect it often to continually improve and enhance our programs through a two-way dialogue. Combining data and feedback from our Googlers with the latest industry research, you make large-scale, data-driven decisions that impact Googlers in a meaningful way. You are comfortable managing several projects at once, and help key decision makers make sound choices by analyzing data and working on critical issues. As a Compensation Design Analyst, you will use your analytical skills to ensure that we attract and retain talent and maximize the value of our compensation spend. This will require you to think big - designing innovative programs that support our philosophy, while maintaining strong governance. You will work on salary, bonus and equity compensation design, reviewing data and developing models to create our algorithms, budgets and policies. You’ll identify new ways to use data, and combine both feedback from Googlers and the latest industry research to make large-scale, data-driven decisions. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights and convey findings. Review compensation guidelines, practices and policies based on principles and relevant data (e.g. employee feedback). Collaborate with Finance, HR and leadership to develop and roll out compensation changes. Play a governance role in the creation, development, and review of compensation policies and processes. Work on special projects such as market analyses, design experiments, probability modeling and equity granting processes. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Economics, Psychology, Statistics, Business Administration or another field that uses quantitative analysis, or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in analytical HR role, investment banking, management consulting (e.g. strategy, compensation) or similar analytical role. Preferred qualifications: Corporate finance or statistics knowledge. Deep interest in analyzing data and the ability to see beyond the numbers to drive sound decision-making. Strong attention to detail and ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands. Advanced spreadsheet skills and familiarity with other statistical packages. Excellent written and verbal communications skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.