The Google Cloud team helps companies, schools, and government seamlessly make the switch to Google products and supports them along the way. You swiftly problem-solve technical issues for customers to show how our products can make businesses more productive, collaborative, and innovative. You work closely with a cross-functional team of web developers and systems administrators, not to mention a variety of both regional and international customers. Your relationships with customers are crucial in helping Google grow its Google Cloud business and in bringing our product portfolio into companies around the world. As a Global Strategic Alliances Solutions Architect, you will work with technology companies and global system integrators to create a new generation of business solutions based on Google technologies including Google Apps, Google Cloud Platform, Google Maps, Chrome and Android. In this role, you'll work in small teams, with business-focused Alliance Managers, Product Managers, and Industry Leads to find, qualify, enable, and develop a small number of complex industry focused initiatives on a global scale. This will require you to understand Google Cloud products and think strategically about their application in industry solutions. You will advise Google Cloud’s top partners and work closely with them in developing GCP-based solutions. You'll also be the face of Google and represent our innovative, and highly differentiated approach to building products and solutions. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Work with Product Managers and Alliance Leads in a trusted advisor role identify, prioritize and develop industry solutions in collaboration with strategic partners. Inspire and equip partners to develop novel and differentiated solutions on top of Google platforms and devices, provide architectural support by reviewing solution designs and identifying ways to use Google products effectively. Independently architect, document and publish new industry solutions. Develop prototypes and proofs of concept to guide solution development and showcase the value and differentiation of Google Cloud products at Google’s and partners’ marketing events. Partner with Alliance Managers to create and nurture new strategic partnerships to drive the development of industry solutions. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in presenting complex technical topics to senior stakeholders, or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in product and/or solution development in a financial services, healthcare/life sciences/biotech, retail, manufacturing, energy and utilities or media environment. Experience working in cloud computing (infrastructure, storage, platforms, data/analytics, security and machine learning). Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience as a technology Architect in an engineering or solution development environment. Experience building a practice area including skill/capability development, definition of offerings, and asset development. Experience delivering cloud-based solutions for enterprise customers, and hands-on experience with distributed systems, infrastructure automation, continuous integration, relational and NoSQL databases, machine learning and high availability. Ability to mix technical expertise with simple, everyday language to deliver a story that is memorable and useful. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.