Develop and implement paid social strategies to drive subscriber acquisition, conversion & efficiency Successfully apply paid social strategy and manage within social channels (i.e. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.) Oversee strategy, campaign structure, paid media optimizations, and ad content (including strategic recommendations on creative content and messaging) Optimize budget across platforms and tactics to deliver positive return on marketing spend Track, monitor, and optimize performance against key KPIs Research, develop, and test new audience segments (i.e. retargeting, lookalikes, custom audiences, etc.) Support ongoing creative and landing page experimentation and testing Recommend new paid social and potential influencer strategies Develop and implement QA process Excellent strategic planning skills with the ability to identify, prioritize, and articulate high impact paid social campaigns and initiatives Comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic working environment, supporting new products/businesses supported by a proven large-scale media property 3+ years paid social advertising experience Deep knowledge of & mastery of social platforms (Facebook Blueprint, Twitter Flight School, etc.) Experience with 3rd party campaign management platforms (i.e. 4C, Nanigan’s, etc.) Must have experience with direct response campaigns Ability to partner with analytics team to use real-time data, testing, and campaigns learnings to effectively optimize and manage campaigns Flexibility & ability to work in a fast paced and dynamic environment A strong communicator with a can-do, positive attitude and a strong desire to get things done Sense of humor and desire to have fun! At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. BAMTECH Media, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, is a global leader in delivering direct-to-consumer live and on demand video at scale. Residing within Disney’s newly created Disney Streaming Services business unit, BAMTECH provides technology solutions for third-party clients to create custom over-the-top video experiences. The Customer Acquisition team is tasked with driving new subscriber growth. The team is responsible for the planning, execution and optimization of user acquisition and performance marketing campaigns. The ideal candidate has a passion for the digital media landscape and understands the intricacies and unique attributes of every step in the marketing funnel. The successful candidate will bring a highly analytical, creative, and flexible growth mindset to the role, which will be critical to delivering breakthrough thinking for this channel. 578788