AECOM is actively seeking a highly motivated Entry-Level Architectural Designer for employment in the Southfield, MI office. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and online programs. Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed. The responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: \+ Assist in preparation of designs, quantity calculations, sketches, diagrams, schematic drawings, and final working drawings \+ Use computer software as a tool for solving basic architectural problems \+ Maintain conformance with building standards, established architectural practices, and applicable building codes \+ Work under supervision of a project manager or senior-level team member Minimum Requirements \+ Master’s degree in Architecture or other related field required \+ Presentation rendering skills Preferred Qualifications \+ Entry-level proficiency with BIM-Revit, Rhino, AutoCAD, or other related CADD software. \+ Proficiency with 3DMax and Photoshop. \+ Entry-level proficiency in the use of computers for making architectural drawings, calculations and 3D visual simulations What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster. _NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: _ _Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.