BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to our clients, we provide the investment and technology solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of June 30, 2018, the firm managed approximately $6.3 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock. Job Description: Introduction to BlackRock: BlackRock (NYSE: BLK) provides investment management, risk management, operations, and advisory services to institutional, intermediary, and individual investors around the world. BlackRock seeks to better serve clients by anticipating and responding to changes and advancements in the investment industry and capital markets, and continually aims to broaden and deepen its investment and risk management capabilities. Our commitment to analytical and investment excellence is anchored in a culture that places clients’ interests first. We exclusively act as a fiduciary to our clients, never trading as a principal or on our own behalf. Today, BlackRock serves institutional, retail, and high net worth investors in more than 100 countries. Through the efforts of over 13,000 professionals in 30 countries, we leverage our global expertise and scale to serve our clients. BlackRock is the largest publicly traded asset manager in the world, with assets under management (“AUM”) of $5.98 trillion as of September 30st, 2017. BlackRock Data Services and Financial Markets Advisory Business Unit Overview: BlackRock Data Services (BDS) is BlackRock’s core processing and quality control group for data on Aladdin, an investment and risk management operating platform serving BlackRock and over 200 other financial institutions. Over 700 people across the globe ensures our data is acquired, computed, quality- controlled, and delivered to our users and products reliably and accurately. Hundreds of millions of data points are analyzed daily for over 80,000 investment portfolios and market indices, and over 4 million distinct securities. Data sets span across client information, security terms and conditions, prices, risk and returns analytics, and etc. BDS Core Production team’s mission is to develop best-in-class software infrastructure and operational processes for Aladdin data and analytics. Partnering closely with financial data and analytics specialists, the team ensures BDS processes are highly scalable based on latest technology, evolve with Aladdin’s latest financial data products, and ultimately empower Aladdin users to make the most informed and confident investment and risk management decisions. BDS Core Production team utilizes a mix of technologies and languages, including Python and Perl to 3-tier Java development using JBoss and Spring. The team is located in New York, Delaware and Gurgaon, India. Team maintains strong communication through bi-weekly iteration planning meetings and stand- ups. BlackRock's Financial Markets Advisory (FMA) group provides counsel to financial institutions, regulators, and government entities on their most critical and often most complex financial issues. The broad set of capabilities within FMA seeks to combine asset expertise and capital markets knowledge with practical, results-oriented consulting and advisory skills. The group typically works with senior management at top financial institutions, official institutions and market intermediaries and utilities around the globe, with a focus on their balance sheet and capital markets exposures as well as a wide range of other strategic, regulatory and operational challenges. The role within BDS focused on covering the FMA business will partner closely with members of the Markets & Analytics Group (MAG) within FMA. MAG is the global function accountable for developing strategic and innovative approaches to analyzing capital markets and developing bespoke products for client engagements. Responsibilities The Analyst/Associate role within BDS focused on FMA is a broad role responsible for leveraging and developing analytical, data engineering, and other technical skills in the design and execution of advisory client engagements. The role involves working as part of cross-disciplinary project teams bringing together team members with a range of subject matter expertise and responsibilities, including production experts, asset class experts, data engineers, modelers, generalists, etc. Key responsibilities of the role include: Design, build, and maintain Aladdin analytics platform, working closely with end users requirements Analyze and improve performance of applications and related operational workflow Implement new business functionality to meet business and customer requirements, working closely with end users, with corresponding clear and concise documentation Diagnose, research and resolve software defects Provide ad-hoc support and analysis for existing processes and new business opportunities Be a self-starter and work with minimal supervision in a team environment Maintain a key focus on automation and scalability in the design and implementation of infrastructure used for client engagements Provide ongoing support and maintenance of existing processes and applications Help drive innovation across initiatives and engagements Leverage and develop technology, including BlackRock proprietary technology, to create, enhance, and execute processes used in the creation of analytical content, quality control, and client deliverables Qualifications: The ideal candidate will possess: 1-3+ years of experience of relevant industry experience Proficiency in Python required (knowledge of Perl and/or R is a plus); familiarity with scripting, data management, database, and visualization tools 1-3+ years database experience (SQL, stored procedures, data modelling) – Sybase preferable Web development experience is a plus, using Java Script (ex/ AngularJS and JQuery), Bootstrap, HTML/CSS, MVC frameworks and JSP, and UI Design. Excellent problem-solving / troubleshooting abilities, intellectual curiosity and experience understanding complex issues Strong communication skills Enjoys a fast-paced, high-intensity, cross-functional environment Experience in the finance industry or knowledge of financial products is a plus BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.