_Science and Technology on a Mission!_ For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place. We are seeking highly qualified scientists and engineers to join our interdisciplinary team of systems analysts supporting programs across the Global Security Principal Directorate, such as Chemical/Biological/Explosives Security, Nuclear Threat Reduction, Intelligence Programs and Energy/Infrastructure/Cyber Security. You will apply a combination of technical depth and breadth, critical thinking, modeling and simulation, and analysis to understand multi-domain problem areas and provide decision insight, communicate options and trade-offs, and facilitates the integration of new technology in support of customer missions. This position is programmatically in the Global Security Systems Analysis Group and administratively will report to the payroll supervisor of the hiring organization. This position will be filled at either the SES.2 or SES.3 level depending on your qualifications. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if you are selected at the higher level. Essential Duties Provide solutions requiring advanced analysis and creative use of innovation methods to problems of intermediate complexity by collaborating with scientists and researchers across a variety of technical disciplines. Create analytical frameworks and evaluate competing characteristics to determine solutions that most effectively meet customer and stakeholder objectives. Provide decision insight to stakeholders in moderately complex problem areas. Develop, evaluate, and apply physical and computational simulation to gain insight into fairly complex systems. Partner with other LLNL scientists and engineers to bring research results to practical use in LLNL Global Security programs. Communicate technical concepts of intermediate complexity to stakeholders in a concise effective way. Perform other duties as assigned. In Addition at the SES.3 Level Manage multiple parallel tasks and priorities of customers and stakeholders to ensure deadlines are met. Lead various complex projects and leverage team members’ skills to complete complex project tasks. Mentor for other staff and assist in recruiting efforts. Serve as a primary technical point of contact with sponsors and stakeholders. Participate in development of new program business. Qualifications MS in Engineering, physical, computer sciences, related field, or the equivalent combination of education and related experience. Comprehensive record of technical achievement. Demonstrated ability to approach hard problems with enthusiasm, creativity, and flexibility to change focus when necessary. Comprehensive analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills to develop creative solutions to moderately complex problems. Proficient verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills necessary to effectively collaborate in a multi-disciplinary team environment and communicate technical information, document work, and prepare and present successful proposals and high quality research papers. Ability to travel off-site, including potentially internationally, for sponsor and customer interaction. In Addition at the SES.3 Level Significant experience leading systems analysis projects. Advanced analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills to develop creative solutions to complex problems. Demonstrated ability to work independently to effectively manage advanced concurrent technical tasks with competing priorities and implement advanced research concepts in a multi-disciplinary team environment, where commitments and deadlines are important to project success. Desired Qualifications PhD in Engineering or the physical, or computer sciences. Expertise in one or more of the following areas: cyber security, modeling and simulation, risk analysis, data analytics, chemical and biological security, explosives, intelligence analysis, radiological and nuclear security, energy systems, and infrastructure protection. Expert knowledge and substantial experience as a project manager or principal investigator of projects with competing priorities, loosely defined deliverables, and high visibility, with significant experience working with the Department of Homeland Security, Department of Energy, Intelligence Community or other relevant government sponsors. Pre-Employment Drug Test: External applicant(s) selected for this position will be required to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test. Security Clearance: This position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level clearance. If you are selected, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. Q-level clearance requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold multiple citizenships (U.S. and another country), you may be required to renounce your non-U.S. citizenship before a DOE L or Q clearance will be processed/granted. Note: This is a Career Indefinite position. Lab employees and external candidates may be considered for this position. About Us Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), located in the San Francisco Bay Area (East Bay), is a premier applied science laboratory that is part of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) within the Department of Energy (DOE). LLNL's mission is strengthening national security by developing and applying cutting-edge science, technology, and engineering that respond with vision, quality, integrity, and technical excellence to scientific issues of national importance. The Laboratory has a current annual budget of about $1.8 billion, employing approximately 6,500 employees. LLNL is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.