Hourly Rate $16.70 - $26.73 per hour, DOE Grade 110 Work Schedule Monday - Thursday 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. and Friday 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. May work evenings, weekends, holidays and summers College Summer Hours: Mon-Thurs, 7 am-6 pm Work Calendar 12 Months Job Summary This position works in the South Mountain Community Library, the integrated South Mountain Community College academic library and Phoenix Public Library branch. Responsible for assisting academic and public library users with software applications and using various equipment, troubleshooting hardware and software, assisting users at the circulation/information/reference service desk and explaining library policies and guidelines to academic and public library users. This position works with a diverse population of students, faculty, staff and members of the public. Essential Functions 25% - Provides assistance to academic and public library users regarding computer software, such as course management systems, e-mail, Microsoft Office applications and Google Documents 25% - Provides assistance to academic and public library users with operating computers, scanners, printes, copiers and other library and office equipment 20% - May assist with web page development and maintenace; may assist with the integration of new library technology solutions into existing library systems 15% - Performs troubleshooting for computer software, hardware, electronic resources and office equipment, monitoring equipment service needs and maintaining liaison activities with South Mountain Community College and Phoenix Public Library computer support personnel 10% - Provides guidance related to policies, procedures and changes to computer software and hardware and automated library systems as needed; may provide training and work direction as assigned to teporary employees 5% - Performs other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications Associate’s Degree and two years of library support experience such as cataloging of library materials, circulation support, reference customer service, and facilitation/coordination of interlibrary loans and resource materials. OR An equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties of the job such as those listed above, unless otherwise subject to any other requirements set forth in law or regulation. Desired Qualifications 1\. Associates degree or higher 2\. Two (2) or more years of experience working at a library service desk at a community college, university, or public library. 3\. One (1) or more years of experience providing assistance to customers with operating computers, scanners, and other office equipment. 4\. One (1) or more years of experience assisting customers with Microsoft Office applications, email and Google Documents. 5\. One (1) or more years of experience in designing, developing, maintaining and editing websites and webpages, including cascading style sheets. 6\. One (1) or more years of experience with editing and maintaining library content management systems such as LibGuides. Special Working Conditions May require working during evenings, weekends, holidays and Maricopa County Community College closed periods. Positions in this class typically require: stooping, reaching, standing, walking, fingering, grasping, talking, hearing, seeing and repetitive motions. Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Jobs are sedentary if walking and standing are required only occasionally and all other sedentary criteria are met. Work is routinely performed in an indoor, office environment. How to Apply Applicants must submit a cover letter that details how the applicant meets minimum and desired qualifications. Applications without a cover letter will be incomplete and will not be considered. Please ensure your resume and cover letter provide the following items: Clearly illustrate how prior experience, knowledge and education meet the minimum and desired qualifications for this position. Provide employment history in a month/year format (e.g., 09/07 to 10/11) including job titles, job duties, and name of employer for each position. Three professional references, preferably current and/or former supervisors. If references are not provided in resume upon application, they will be requested at time of interview. Posting Close Date Open until filled EEO Information Maricopa County Community College District (MCCCD) will not discriminate, nor tolerate discrimination in employment or education, against any applicant, employee, or student because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status (including document abuse), age, disability, veteran status or genetic information.