Who We Are In-House Realty is the preferred real estate partner of Quicken Loans, the nation’s largest retail mortgage lender. Headquartered in Detroit, we lead a network of 25,000 top-notch real estate agents across all 50 states. We’re a tech-driven, big-idea company on a mission to connect preapproved buyers and interested sellers with qualified, local real estate agents. We then work side by side with the client, their mortgage banker and real estate agent to monitor their progress through the entire home buying or selling process in order to ensure their complete satisfaction. What You'll Do/Need The Infrastructure Architect’s role is to strategically design and implement information systems that support core organizational functions and assure high availability and disaster recovery. This individual gains organizational commitment for all systems and software plans, in addition to evaluating and selecting technologies required to complete those plans. In addition, the Infrastructure Architect provides technical leadership across their team’s systems from strategic decision-making down to the project planning level. Responsibilities Design and implement long-term strategic goals and short-term tactical plans for managing and maintaining our systems and software Ensure that proposed and existing infrastructure architectures are aligned with organizational goals and objectives Provide expertise, direction and assistance to fellow team members Develop, document, and communicate plans for implementing systems and large architectural changes Conduct research into leveraging new and existing technologies to add business value and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and systems flexibility Review new and existing systems design projects and procurement or outsourcing plans for compliance with standards and architectural plans Work with clients and leadership to define business requirements for complex systems and infrastructure development Model business and systems processes based on findings through use-case scenarios, workflow diagrams and data models Develop and manage system capacity plans Develop, document, communicate and enforce policies for standardizing systems and software, as necessary Requirements Five years of experience in cloud environments (e.g., Azure, AWS, etc.) Eight years of related work experience Eight years of experience performing server systems design, implementation and administration or the equivalent Eight years of experience analyzing system failures to minimize outages and interruptions or the equivalent Eight years of experience working with server class hardware or the equivalent Advanced technical certifications (e.g., MCSE, MCITP, AIX Specialist, RHCE, VCP) Excellent architecture and technical support documentation skills Superior written and verbal communication skills Exceptional analytical, conceptual and problem-solving abilities What’ll Make You Special Bachelor of science or an advanced degree What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision, and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? It’s not ours, either. We pride ourselves on a strong culture that gives team members the initiative to build solutions and grow both personally and professionally. We might be in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly don’t put ceilings on our team members’ careers. Our culture promotes creativity, enthusiasm, and passion. In-House Realty is an equal opportunity employer.