The Competitive Intelligence Analyst cultivates, monitors, and assesses multiple intelligence sources and communicates to internal stakeholders applicable recommendations regarding changing dynamics across the wireless infrastructure landscape. The incumbent will help create data-driven and dynamic visualization-based recommendations that will enable key stakeholders to be more efficient, targeted, and strategic in their day-to-day decisions regarding the Company’s portfolio of telecommunication structures. The incumbent will be responsible for market and competitive intelligence, managing secondary data and analytic tasks to build market insights that help inform business planning, business development, and strategic operational goals and objectives. The Analyst monitors and evaluates emerging intelligence leads from all available internal and external sources and leads various projects to improve the Company’s understanding of the competitive landscape. The incumbent must be highly collaborative and able to dig into and build a strong analytical understanding of key databases and data sets to develop higher-level stories and findings primarily to support analytics related to capital investments and asset management. As a key information steward within an evolving organization, the Competitive Intelligence Analyst must enjoy and excel at working cross-functionally and as part of a team to produce actionable market and competitive landscape insights. Qualifications ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Collect, validate, analyze, and interpret a broad range of market-related data, including industry, financial, volume, market, and competitive insights needed to develop strategic business plans. Proactively leverage data and information to deliver recommendations and action plans to help provide target solutions and new opportunities for the Company’s portfolio of assets. Develop innovative analytical methodologies to answer strategic business questions and vet new business opportunities across the organization. Create visualizations and dashboards to effectively communicate insights from various analyses. Collaborate closely with internal stakeholders across the organization to develop processes, produce reports, and ensure stakeholder alignment Partner with key stakeholders to formulate innovative solutions and key insights for all intelligence-related activities Ensure all intelligence data points are properly tracked and provide real-time information with focus on data integrity and data process optimization in order to easily communicate program updates and expected timelines Work closely with team to develop and follow program roadmaps, including key activities, projects, stakeholder engagement, and millstones Contribute innovative and strategic ideas to help shape a relatively new team while continuing to drive impact across the organization OTHER: Other duties as assigned SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES : None QUALIFICATIONS: Excellent quantitative skills; ability to develop analytical methodologies and assumptions, use data software to conduct the analyses, and synthesize findings Strong understanding of information management, statistics, strategic planning, competitive intelligence, and market/marketing analysis. Solid strategic and problem solving skills that will effectively influence the decision making process. Intellectually curious with a strong work ethic and proven ability to work in a time-sensitive and high volume environment. Passionate about working with, normalizing, and synthesizing large amounts of data into actionable insights. Ability to identify and succinctly summarize roadblocks and constraints, propose potential solutions, and drive towards resolution. Strong relationship-development skills with the ability to work effectively across many internal functional groups to collaborate to utilize resources and knowledge to identify high quality solutions. Self-motivated; able to work both independently or as part of a larger team to prioritize tasks to manage applicable timelines and deadlines. Demonstrated experience working in a cross-functional role with capital investments and asset management, marketing, sales, business intelligence, and business planning to inform business strategies Ability to work with different functional groups and levels of employees throughout the organization to effectively and professionally achieve results Strong follow-up skills; ability to organize applicable timelines and follow up with internal and external customer needs Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to present ideas and suggestions clearly and effectively Strong organizational skills; ability to accomplish multiple tasks within the agreed upon timeframes through effective prioritization of duties and functions in a fast paced environment Strong track record of building and maintaining solid relationships with internal and external customers and vendors. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree required, with a concentration in a quantitative field ( _e.g_., math, finance, economics, statistics, physics, engineering, _etc_.) preferred At least 3 years’ experience managing projects, market analytics, data analytics, and/or strategic planning required. Five years of data analysis, reporting, and forecasting work required. Prior experience working in wireless infrastructure industry with specific knowledge of the development, construction, leasing process, and/or regulatory environment preferred. Proficiency in MS Office suite, with advanced knowledge of Excel (including pivot tables and function formulas for data comparison) and PowerPoint preferred. ENVIRONMENT: Approximately 100% performed in climate-controlled internal office environment working under normal office conditions. Approximately 10% travel may be required in support of the position’s responsibilities. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands and fingers to feel and handle, reach with arms and hands, talk and hear. While performing the duties of this job, the employee frequently is required to stoop, kneel and crouch, lift weight or exert a force up to a maximum of 25 pounds. Primary Location : North America-USA-MA-Woburn Job : Analyst Competitive Intel Schedule : Regular : Full-time : First Shift Job Posting : Aug 8, 2018, 2:07:26 PM