SUBMIT APPLICATION Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Email Copy WINDOWS SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR SUMMARY OF POSITION The Windows Systems Administrator serves as departmental point of contact for user support and computer room management. They provide pro-active operational support for Microsoft Network. Working closely and collaboratively with other support engineers to ensure that various network management tools and alarm activities are current; in order to ensure that pro-active actions can be taken to minimize network downtime. They will work and coordinate with technical support personnel, both internal and external (vendors), to provide fast resolutions for users and network issues. OVERALL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES Resolves problems in a prompt, professional manner and provides escalation for problem resolution. Records and manages incidents in appropriate problem management tools, being sure to follow up and ensure that resolutions are implemented Strong working knowledge of Windows 2008/2012 server and Active Directory design and implementation Install, configure and maintain network operating systems. Analyze and Install, configure, troubleshoot and administer Windows 200/2012 servers. Collaborates with other support staff to ensure high availability of Microsoft Network, including but not limited to, email, file servers, SQL servers, Backup and SAN. Evaluate and install new software releases, system upgrades, patches, and resolve software-related problems. Manage Active Directory, DNS, Veeam Backup, Nutanix, Event Logs, and security-related tools Strong working knowledge and experience with VMWare 5.5 and above. Perform system backups and recovery. Maintain data files and monitor system configuration to ensure data integrity. Build, install, configure, troubleshoot, and administer servers from multiple vendors. Participate in testing and recommending various hardware and software technologies that will improve performance and reliability. Review and test backup strategies and recommend enhancements to improve reliability and reduce downtime. Create and maintain excellent environment documentation and keep detailed server maintenance logs. Design, test, and implement strategies and procedures for keeping desktops, laptops, and servers current with the latest security patches and anti-virus updates. Conduct and coordinate hardware and software tests to ensure compliance with current standards. Conduct and coordinate the research of user requirements in order to recommend new hardware and software standards. Creation and implementation of login scripts. Maintain a positive and professional working relationship. All other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS Education, Training, and Work Experience 4-5 years supporting VMWare, Microsoft Servers and networks in a multi-domain environment with steadily increasing responsibilities, preferably with a multi-office company. Minimum 4 year degree in a computer -related discipline or equivalent experience. Candidates must have hands-on experience in VMWare, Active Directory, patch management and group policy implementation experience is crucial. MCSE 2008 or above. Strong problem-solving and decision-making abilities. Excellent verbal and writing communications skills. Ability to provide technical and organizational leadership in a team environment. Experienced in providing quality customer care. Extensive implementation experience with Cisco, Microsoft Widows AD, Exchange, NetApps and VMWare. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline desired. 3-4 years experience designing and implementing Microsoft solutions. 3 years minimum experience managing Windows 2008 and above. 3 years minimum experience 2008/2012 Active Directory. 3 years minimum experience managing DNS and DHCP. 2 years Project Management experience required with specific experience in Networking, predominantly Microsoft, VMWare and Cisco related desired Some travel may be required. After hours and weekend support may be required. Required to carry pager and/or cell phone. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities While performing the duties of this job the employee is frequently exposed to computer terminals. The noise level and temperature is moderate. The employee has the ability to sit, stand and/or walk for up to 10 hours a day. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, bend or kneel, lift up to 40 lbs. and perform other diverse physical tasks as needed. The vision requirements include: close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Must be able to climb on roof through the roof hatch and ladder and open up all roof top equipment to inspect for preventative maintenance. Must be able to climb a ladder inside the restaurant to look above the ceiling for inspections, must be able to look into, bind and under all equipment. While performing the duties of this job the employee is frequently exposed to computer terminals. The noise level and temperature is moderate. The employee has the ability to sit, stand and/or walk for up to 10 hours a day. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, bend or kneel, lift up to 40 lbs. and perform other diverse physical tasks as needed. The vision requirements include: close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. NOTE: CPK reserves the right to revise or change the position plan as the need arises. This position plan is not all inclusive of total job responsibilities nor does it constitute a written or implied contract of employment. CPK will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, and any other state, federal or local law.