Position Renton Technical College, located southeast of Seattle, has provided quality education in a variety of occupations for over 75 years. Our apprenticeship, professional-technical certificate, and degree programs offer entry and mid- level training in the areas of allied health, trades and industry, culinary, business, technology, automotive, and general education. Our outstanding college & career pathways program with classes in adult basic education, English as a second language, and GED preparation is available to those who need additional preparation prior to entering a training program and for those who simply wish to improve their math and English skills. As an Achieving the Dream Leader College and an Aspen Institute top 10 finalist for the Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence, RTC is also proud to be a Military Friendly School, serving those who chose to serve. Reporting directly to the Vice President of Instruction, this position is responsible for coordinating the following major instructional processes to assure timely and accurate intake and dissemination of instructional information and reports, training of faculty and staff on new and existing processes related to this position, and maintenance of critical, instruction- based data for Renton Technical College: College Course Catalog Quarterly Schedule Development State and College Required Program and Course Reports and Forms College Course and Program Management and Coordination College curriculum and program revision management and coordination Train Instructional Faculty and Staff Users on New and Related Processes, Applications, and Databases CTClink implementation In addition to coordinating the above processes, this position is responsible for management of the associated instructional databases, to include development, reviewing, researching, updating, reporting, and disseminating key instructional data. This is a full-time, classified and FLSA Exempt position. This position has been designated as a bargaining unit position represented by the Professional Technical Employees Association. Normal work hours for this position will be from 7:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday through Friday. This position is scheduled to begin upon selection. _Renton Technical College is committed to increasing its cultural diversity with an emphasis on equity and inclusion among its professional staff. The students that we serve come from a variety of backgrounds and are almost 60% of color. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented groups, veterans, and bi- or multi-lingual individuals to apply for this position to help meet the needs of our diverse students and service district._ Key Responsibilities Include Demonstrate multicultural competence (including an awareness and understanding of historically disadvantaged populations) and create an educational and work environment that affirms commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion. Support the college's mission by creating a learning and work environment of mutual respect and fairness, while encouraging creative and critical thinking. Contribute to the appreciation of diversity and foster a climate of multicultural understanding. Plan, coordinate, and implement all functions related to quarterly class scheduling for professional technical programs. Ensure the accurate maintenance of course and program data for the college, consisting of reviewing federal CIP, assigning Education Program Codes, and communicating information to the college community and State Board for Community and Technical Colleges. Add new courses and cancel classes as requested, notify Instructional Team members. Develop quarterly class schedule. Develop annual college catalog using the Curriculog and Acalog software packages. Provide curriculum support services to campus community and general public. Audit, approve, and oversee course and program curriculum changes using Curriculog software. Work with the Executive Director of Institutional Advancement to submit minor and major change proposals to NWCCU accreditation standards. Maintain pertinent areas of the college website. Maintain Career Bridge website. Update and maintain Degree Audit system based on course and program changes. Ensure the accuracy of college certificates and degrees. Co-coordinate scheduling of instruction related room requests by on and off-campus parties. Develop and employ annual schedule and quarterly class schedule efficiency measures for instruction-related support staff, associate deans, directors, and deans. Perform internal audits and assess data and processes for quality improvement. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Demonstrated experience or participation with persons from diverse backgrounds such as sexual orientation, racial, ethnic, religious, linguistic, gender, age, socio-economic, physical and learning abilities, and a commitment to an inclusive and equitable working / learning environment. Bachelor's degree in a related field AND two years of professional administrative/curriculum support experience OR a combination of associate's degree and three (3) years related curriculum support experience in an educational environment. Experience in a technical or community college environment preferred. Proficiency using Microsoft Windows, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and Outlook email, and scheduling software. Knowledge of and experience with data management systems and ability to work with web-based databases. Preference for experience using the HP-UX Legacy System within the Student Management System (SMS) pillar. Experience calculating or the ability to calculate FTEF (Full Time Equivalent Faculty), FTES (Student), and faculty teaching load. Excellent and professional written, oral and interpersonal communication skills. Self-motivated, ability to problem solve and employ independent judgment. Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with students, faculty, staff and college system partners. Skilled with customer service communications, conflict resolution and organizational management. Demonstrated attention to detail required as well as previous experience maintaining accurate records, managing multiple tasks, and planning and organizing work in order to meet changing priorities and deadlines. Experience with process and change management a plus _._ Experience in PeopleSoft Campus Solutions a plus. Knowledge of accreditation processes a plus. Ability to represent the college in a positive and professional manner, while using tact, discretion and courtesy. Ability to speak a regionally top spoken language other than English is preferred (Spanish, Vietnamese, Russian, Somali, Chinese). Conditions of Employment The person hired is required to provide authorization for employment in the United States. All offers of employment are subject to background checks. Post offer, pre hire background checks including criminal record, history may be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment, but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. _For information regarding this position contact nmedbury@rtc.edu or 425-235-2296 / 425-235-7819_