Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Allstate Technology Architecture is a key contributor to the software engineering and innovation process within Allstate. Architects are exposed to varied and challenging workloads across the enterprise playing a crucial role in driving technical direction and establishing and upholding governance and standards across the enterprise. In facilitating positive professional relationships with an array of geographically diverse technology and business partners, architects help direct project work in line with business strategy to ensure that IT systems have high-quality architecture & design. We are pleased to announce that we currently have an opening for an Information Architect within the Customer Master Data Management (MDM) team. Job Responsibilities An Information Architect is accountable for the alignment of business objectives to the delivery of data capabilities. The Information Architect should drive the thinking and solutioning to leverage data as an asset (integrated data sourcing, development, usage, and availability). In this highly-collaborative, fast-paced environment, your role as a Customer MDM Architect is to design innovative product solutions for real business problems, integrate with and evolve architectures in existing products and systems, and contribute to business-driven technology roadmaps. This role is in support of the Customer Data Strategy area. The ideal candidate will thrive in architecting solutions for challenging problems, proposing and presenting solutions and products, building relationships within and across all levels of the organization, soliciting feedback, and finding ways to thrill Allstate’s customers. This role blends Information Architecture with Solution Architecture. The Customer MDM is responsible for managing all information pertaining to customers and potential customers. A wide variety of business applications are tightly integrated with the Customer MDM requiring it to be highly available and highly performant. Therefore, the candidate for this role will need to balance the organization and management of data with integration across a wide variety of applications that contribute data and/or leverage data to drive business processes in a high availability, high volume environment. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Drive Customer Data Strategy Initiatives affecting both internal (MDM tool upgrades and Enhancements) and external systems (Policy, Claim, Service Offering etc.) Create and Champion Strategic Vision as relates to Customer and Prospect data management and its integration to the overall Enterprise Data Strategy Partner with different areas in the enterprise (Agency Sales, Claims and Marketing etc.) to drive change management in the most efficient manner; apply influencing skills to gain alignment Collaborate and co-ordinate with other architects and delivery teams to design integrated platform solutions Create architecture deliverables such as conceptual diagrams, decision statements and other relevant technical documentation Review and contribute to Business Requirements, Non-functional Requirements, and User Stories, develop application architectures, review and contribute to design efforts Ensure architectural concerns are appropriately addressed by product development teams; communicate, document, escalate architectural impacts and risks Identify alternatives for the integration, organization and governance of our data to facilitate the development and application of various business capabilities that will help us win in the market Ensure a cross functional view of business data is available to the enterprise Contribute to the development and implementation of processes to maintain high quality data assets Job Qualifications Required: Proficient in industry practices for master data management, data quality, metadata management and data modeling 3+ years of experience architecting and designing real-time services integration 1+ years of experience working with Hadoop platform Ability to analyze and interpret a wide range of loosely defined complex situations, which require application of creativity and originality, where guidance and counsel may be unavailable Ability to synthesize large amounts of complex data into meaningful conclusions and recommendations Ability to work independently and collaboratively Effective communication skills, both written and verbal Experience influencing senior business and IT stakeholders; ability to create and maintain documents to effectively communicate in order to drive alignment and decision making Demonstrated ability to continuously learn and adopt new technologies; proactive approach to staying knowledgeable about industry trends; ability to apply new learnings to drive innovation Ability to manage multiple priorities given aggressive timelines; comfortable performing in a fast paced, dynamic and ambiguous business environment Preferred: A good knowledge about business in general and of insurance industry in particular Knowledgeable in MDM integration patterns (Registry VS Hybrid) and how to optimize data and execution environments to enable them Experience in high-performance MDM environments (IBM SE, IBM AE, Other MDM products) Previous experience in an Architect role for high availability and high volume application Experience with SOA architectures, micro-services, cloud based technologies, integrations and design, and latest mobile architectures Understanding of the following delivery practices: extreme agile, agile scrum, paired programming, etc. Experience with UML modeling The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.