Requisition Number: 69163 BASIC FUNCTION OF JOB This position performs partner claiming, internal policy quality control, and general customer service in support of a high-volume Partner Accounting team. WORK PERFORMED To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Prepares, reviews, and submits partner claims Resolves problems by clarifying issues, researching answers and/or alternative solutions, implementing solution, and escalating unresolved problems to management Responsible for timely and professional response to phone and email requests from teammates Partners with Partner Accounting team to resolve issues and to address volume spikes in different areas of department Complete other analysis in support of primary responsibilities, Partner Accounting team, or as otherwise assigned by management MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Education and/or Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED) is required. Minimum 2 years’ experience with Microsoft Office. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Ability to read, analyze, and interpret policy documentation and technical procedures. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups, managers, clients, and Teammates. Demonstrated strong communication and written skills with ability to interact with individuals at all levels of organization. Client service oriented (both internal and external) Experience in research, quality control, or statistical analysis Intermediate MS Excel skills Organizational skills, deadline driven, and attention to detail Prefer experience with Concur Travel & Expense. Meets work standards by following production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving operational problems; identifying work process improvements Protects organization’s reputation by keeping information confidential Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed Ability to work alternative work hours during period close The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Tempe || Arizona (US-AZ) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Tempe, AZ ||