Administer individual and group test programs. Train proctors in testing procedures, distribute test materials, advise registrants on testing procedures and maintain standardized testing conditions. Utilize skills acquired through job-related training and on-the-job experience, as well as persuasiveness and sensitivity in overseeing testing situations. Score and analyze test data of various University and industry exams and evaluations. Tally test results using electronic and optical scoring machines. Manipulate scoring instruments to allow faculty to select weighting of test questions. Prepare statistical interpretation of test results. Supervise, train and assign work to non-exempt clerical and temporary support staff in test administration and data entry activities. Ensure testing situations are in compliance with professional psychometric guidelines. Provide host facilities and proctors for the administration of national and international standardized tests. Receive, record, store and return test instruments; register and instruct students on test administration; provide secure testing and storage facilities; provide accurate proctoring of exams. Administer special sessions for industry contracted and testing of the disabled. Provide secure, standardized testing facilities; accommodate special needs of students with disabilities wishing to be tested; score and analyze test results according to industry requests. Answer inquiries and resolve problems regarding test administration, methods and procedures for students, faculty, counselors and outside organizations. Maintain testing calendar; access database for test results and statistical analysis; ensure proper disposal of confidential testing material. Perform related work as assigned. Unique Duties Qualifications Graduation from an accredited college or university with a degree in psychology or related field or equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Some experience in group test administration. Some experience with computer peripherals. Some knowledge of statistics. Ability to communicate effectively with others. Typically, incumbents have held positions which require test proctoring. Preferred Qualifications This person must be a female. We currently have several male proctors and need a female proctor in order to accommodate the religious beliefs of our students. For example, this female will physically verify a persons identity. This requires viewing a students face/skin under a hijab, niqab or burqa. We are an inclusive environment that respects many cultural traditions and strive to honor different values and beliefs. Must be mobile to monitor students during examinations. This requires movement throughout our testing environments which have narrow aisle ways. Computer experience should include using Excel and the MS Office Suite. Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Regular work hours are 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m., Monday through Friday. Special hours are occasionally required, such as 8:15 a.m.-4:45 p.m., 7 a.m.-3:30 p.m., or Saturday 8 a.m. to 1:30 to accomodate our testing schedule. Job Type Fractional Time Job Category Professional/Administration & Supervisory/Management Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 08-10-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) 08-23-2018 Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: submit application via WSU's Online Hiring System Represented Position Message This position must be filled pursuant to the provisions of a collective bargaining agreement, and as such may be filled by a qualified bargaining unit member, should one apply.