Bring your talents to an industry leader in medical technology and healthcare solutions – we’re a market leader and growing every day. You can be proud to be a part of technologies that are rooted in our long history of mission- driven innovation. You will be empowered to shape your own career. We support your growth with the training, mentorship, and guidance you need to own your future success. Together, we can transform healthcare. Join us for a career in IT that changes lives. CAREERS THAT CHANGE LIVES This position will give opportunity for role development with a focus primarily on digital learning and digital marketing solutions. The Digital Learning IT Business Systems Analyst will principally be a professional Learning Management System administrator who should be able to efficiently use a Learning Management System to provide the organization with a consistent, stable, well-built environment. For our needs, the Learning Management Systems Administrator would have overall responsibility to the Digital Learning program and to the maintenance of the Cornerstone EXE client portal. She or he is expected to form a collaborative relationship with the program manager and have professional and efficient collaboration with cross functional teams so he or she will be able to realize the business needs related to training delivery and find the most efficient and the most effective way for the LMS to satisfy those needs. Additionally, the Digital Learning IT Business Systems Analyst will provide support to the Digital Marketing program and its supportive technical solutions. This person will be accountable for use cases, requirements, design activities and requests for change while ensuring business needs are met with the best possible solutions. Strong communication and collaboration skills are required to work within a team that supports cross-business digital marketing technology needs. In this role you will be part of a team that collaborates and adds value across Medtronic business units, and geographies in the areas of digital learning, medical education and web content technology strategies. You will have the opportunity to provide immediate technical and operational leadership and create real value designing customer focused solutions across channels. Some solutions in this space include: Cornerstone On Demand LMS, Totara, Adobe AEM, Eloqua, CVent, and many other marketing technologies. A DAY IN THE LIFE Responsible for the support, design, development, implementation, delivery, and maintenance of content, assets, and other resources used for instructional functions within the Learning Management System Able to expertly create training and courses for our business partners at request on a weekly, monthly or yearly basis Form a collaborative relationship with the program manager and have professional and efficient collaboration with cross functional teams Make consultations with other teams to provide and implement best learning practices and solutions for in-flight issues Recognize and quickly resolve issues that may appear when it comes to course design, its configuration or infrastructure. Must make sure that the LMS works properly and act fast if it comes to bugs and unexpected errors Help other administrators and learners alike, with any issues Provide clarity and understanding of our organization’s policy and goals when it comes to learning, as well as compliance Understand and document complex processes using current tools and techniques such as process maps or diagrams Collect, interpret, document, and prioritize business and operational strategies and requirements Assess business customer requirements, translate high-level business requirements into detailed functional specifications, define use cases, match these requirements to objectives and guide them to the applicable processes and products Help to manage the expectations of the customer (i.e. balance their needs with wants and educate as appropriate). Develop solutions to complex problems, which require the regular use of ingenuity and innovation. Ensure solutions are consistent with organization objectives and will achieve the customers and business goals Collaborate and communicate with end-users and business partners, project teams, key business stakeholders, and executive leadership. Ensure continued business sponsorship, engagement, and commitment. Provide detailed functional knowledge and maintain insight to current industry best practices and how they can be applied to Medtronic. Adhere to, and comply with, Global IT policies and processes and ensure Medtronic's systems and the information on them are protected in accordance with Medtronic's Information Protection Policies and Standards, as well as best Information Protection practices. Attend and contribute to meetings & discussions with cross functional representatives including sales and marketing professionals Other duties as requested MUST HAVE (Minimum Qualifications) Bachelor’s Degree 2+ years of IT or related experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or some IT or related experience with an advanced degree In depth Cornerstone Learning Management System Administration knowledge Learning management system technical and instructional skills, An understanding of online teaching and learning in a digital world High collaboration and interpersonal skills with advanced organization and time management skills Some experience with mobile applications or sales, marketing, and service technologies NICE TO HAVE Cornerstone Learning Management System Administration certification desired and preferred Other learning management system administration knowledge/experience, reporting, or training systems experience Digital Learning industry knowledge Medical Technology and/or Life Science industry experience 2+ years business or systems analyst experience with global scope and ability to translate business requirements into IT deliverables. Analytical problem-solving skills engaged with requirements gathering and process mapping Goal oriented, task driven, boundary-less decision-maker with a strong sense of accountability. Focus on improving productivity, profitability and business processes; delivering solutions on time and within budget. Excellent leadership with collaboration and team work skills. Strong process and project management skills as well as the ability to direct multiple large project teams. Excellent communication (oral, written, & presentation) and meeting facilitation skills Experience in coordinating personnel resources from various organizations toward common business goals/standard processes Advanced organization and prioritization with ability to manage multiple complex priorities Strong decision making abilities and problem resolution skills Ability to understand end-audience needs and requirements Experience in business process definition, requirements definition and technology solution research. Experience in the development and support of integrated business applications and systems architecture. Sales, Marketing, CRM, Mobile computing or Sales Force Automation related experience or past projects Experience with transactional and data driven enterprise IT applications Agile Development Methodology experience highly preferred Mobile Phone and Tablet software requirements experience highly desired Experience implementing business software in a multi-national corporate environment Microsoft application knowledge including Excel, Word, PowerPoint etc ABOUT MEDTRONIC Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. PHYSICAL JOB REQUIREMENTS The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. DISCLAIMER The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.