Quality Food Safety Manager - Phoenix, AZ req6119 Employment Type : Regular Location : PHOENIX,AZ _Have you ever enjoyed Arnold®, Brownberry® or Oroweat® bread? A Thomas’® English muffin or bagel? Or perhaps snacked on a Sara Lee®, Entenmann’s® or Marinela® cake or donut? If the answer is yes, then you know Bimbo Bakeries USA!_ _Bimbo Bakeries USA is part of Grupo Bimbo, the world’s largest baking company with operations in 32 countries. Bimbo Bakeries USA (“BBUSA”) includes BBUSA and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities, including, but not limited to, Wholesome Harvest Baking, East Balt, and Acelerada. BBUSA employs 20,000 associates across the U.S. in bakeries, sales centers, corporate offices and on sales routes to ensure our consumers have the freshest products to feed their families at every meal. But our associates come to work for much more – the chance to feed their own lives through exciting work that offers the opportunity to make a real difference in their professional and personal lives every day._ Description : General Objective of this Position: Implementation and improvement of the quality and food safety systems in the plant to ensure that products and processes meet standards of quality and food safety of Bimbo Bakeries, controlling costs, attached to legislation and within a healthy working environment on a sustainable basis. a) Main Responsibilities: Implement, follow up and improve the BBU quality and food safety policies/system. Planning, coordination and execution of internal audits/inspections Coordination and participation in certification audits (GFSI/SQF). Identify and document best practices, ideas and information relevant to quality and food safety system. Identify, document and report any problems related to the quality, food safety and legality of the products. Provides training and mentoring to assure all bakery associates are fully capable of achieving Quality & Food Safety expectations. Collaborates, as needed, to develop the Quality and Food Safety capabilities of bakery personnel to enable them to drive towards zero Quality and Food Safety incidents. Provides oversight of Quality and Food Safety programs and evaluates for compliance through regular audits, inspections and risk assessments. Performs and/or coordinates analysis of process capability. Participates in investigations to determine and address root causes during special situations, quality failures, regulatory inspections, vendor (ingredient & packaging) related incidents, etc to assure proper investigation, root cause analysis and resolution. Manage the Sanitation Department and the associated budget Implement quality and food safety improvement projects. Promotes the quality and food safety mission with the HACCP team. Planning and participation in team meetings and follow up with staff areas. Performs data analysis trending reports and action plans for their KPI´s. Promotes and supports the use of quality tools such as SPC, Kaizen, 5-S, Problem Solving, etc. Oversees programs to reduce or eliminate consumer complaints (Quality and food Safety). Follows up on corrective action plans Follows up on quality issues through finished product scoring, bakery data and consumer complaints. Position Requirements : EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE : BS degree, in Food Science or related major preferred Bakery operations management experiences a plus. HACCP & GFSI (SQF, BRC, IFS, etc.) Certified Familiarity with federal and state regulations, 6 sigma, ISO, AIB and GFSI Standards. Proficient in Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint). Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Organized and detail oriented. Comfortable working in a participative team environment. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to work under pressure while managing multiple projects. Bimbo Bakeries USA is an equal opportunity employer with a policy that provides equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees regardless of race, color, religion, disability, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, reassignment, layoff, discharge, education, training and all other working conditions. To further the principle of equal employment opportunity, Bimbo Bakeries USA has developed affirmative action plans for minorities and women, qualified individuals with disabilities, and Vietnam-era and special disabled veterans and other protected veterans.