• Investigate complaints and make routine inspections to determine compliance with the Housing Maintenance Code, Zoning and Nuisance Ordinances and other applicable laws and ordinances. Inspect dwellings, premises, non-dwelling structures, vacant lands, etc. Inspect and investigate improper/illegal dumping of refuse and other questionable materials. Respond to neighborhood information needs and develop public information handouts. Consult with owners, managers and others on violations and recommended remedial action. Consult with other agencies for the enforcement of applicable ordinances and regulations. Issue written orders for correction of violations with a date for completion. Issue violation tags or complaints for non-compliance, gather evidence of violation, and complete charging information for the City Attorney. Establish and maintain a database to track problems with statistics. Maintain accurate records for potential court testimony. Maintain daily records of work activities and provide information for monthly reports. WORKING CONDITIONS: Office and field with exposure to hazardous conditions. Required Qualifications: MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Associate's degree in a related field or equivalent. MINIMUM EXPERIENCE : One year experience in housing, building, or zoning code administration or inspections or other related experience. LICENSES/CERTIFICATIONS : Valid driver's license. Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience closely related to the duties of the position MAY be considered. Resume Required: A resume is required. Please attach an up to date resume to your application. Background Check : The City has determined that a criminal background check and/or qualifications check may be necessary for certain positions with this job title. Applicants may be required to sign an informed consent form allowing the City to obtain their criminal history and/or verify their qualifications in connection with the position sought. Applicants who do not sign the informed consent form will not be further considered for the position. Drug and Alcohol Testing : All job applicants must pass a pre-employment drug and alcohol test once a conditional offer of employment has been made. Applicants will be required to sign a notification and consent form prior to undergoing drug and alcohol testing. Applicants who do not consent to undergo drug and alcohol testing will not be required to do so and the City will withdraw the conditional job offer, resulting in the job applicant no longer being considered for the position. Selection Process : The selection process will consist of one or more of the following steps: a rating of relevant education and experience and/or an oral examination (100%). It is important that your application show all the relevant education and experience you possess. This information will be used to determine which candidates will proceed in the selection process. A submitted application is also used to verify the answers to any supplemental questions. Only those candidates who attain a passing score (70%) on each step in the selection process will be placed on the eligible list. The City of Minneapolis Human Resources Department reserves the right to limit the number in any phase of the selection process. Union Representation: This position is represented by a collective bargaining agreement between the City of Minneapolis and AFSCME. The eligible list will expire six months after being established. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Attain International Property Maintenance Inspector Certification or Building Officials and Code Administrators (BOCA) Housing and Property Maintenance Inspector Certification within one year of employment. Knowledge of the Minneapolis Housing Maintenance Code and related Ordinances. Knowledge of applicable laws, ordinances and regulations governing housing and exterior maintenance conditions. Knowledge of housing construction and housing inspection techniques. Knowledge of the Building Officials and Code Administrators International Property Maintenance Code (desirable). Knowledge of building construction, including the basics of electrical wiring, plumbing, heating, gas piping, ventilation, lighting and health/fire/safety hazards. Knowledge of computer operations, software and applications used in the department. Ability to enforce codes and regulations firmly, tactfully and impartially in a courteous and non-judgmental manner. Ability to establish effective relationships with persons of diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds. Good oral and written communication skills.