If you have talent, initiative, and a desire to join a thriving global company with a wealth of career opportunities, you can make a world of a difference at Donaldson, _a leading provider of filtration solutions._ Our culture is based on the strong values of integrity, respect, and commitment. Click on this link to learn more about a career at Donaldson: https://youtu.be/9Ez8p0IWBS4?list=PL0EBCCEBBFB532527 How you will bring value to Donaldson: 60% Compensation Program Design & Administration Oversee compensation program and administration for the organization with a direct focus on US and broad understanding of global trends and practices Partners with and provide a consultative approach to HR Business Partners and relevant customers to develop and execute compensation solutions that meet needs of daily operations and unique business situations Lead the salary planning, merit budget, job evaluation and salary structures (including the coordination of global merit budgeting process, global survey purchasing, and the participation in US salary surveys and analysis of results). Conducts position market pricing and analysis for broad-based employee groups (including Office and Production jobs). Monitors the effectiveness of compensation programs to maintain internal equity and competitiveness in the marketplace. Identify and recommends changes as appropriate. Responsible for broad-based incentives and sales incentive programs from conception to implementation (including but not limiting to design, communication, administration, ongoing evaluation of effectiveness and recommendations for improvements). Ensure compliance with all federal and local laws related to compensation and associated taxes Collaborate with various internal groups - legal, tax, internal communications, public relations, and others as needed - on a variety of issues pertaining to equity and incentive compensation. 40% HRIS Management Lead global HRIS initiatives to support HR based on functional and business needs Collaborate with functional and technical staff, both internal and external, to achieve required HRIS results. Develops, directs, and leads HR data and reporting governance to best deliver predictive analytics to senior leadership, Finance, and HR for ongoing organizational information and talent management needs. Identify synergies and other opportunities for enhancement of current systems, resources and processes for improved efficiency, quality, timeliness, and accuracy of HR functions. Increases HR’s capacity to leverage and assimilate new and emerging technologies; streamline workflow; maximize accuracy, reliability, and validity of workforce data; and ease deployment and collection of data and information. Candidates most successful in this role possess: Bachelor's Degree in Human Resources, Information Technology or related field CCP certified and 4+ years of people leadership skills Manages collaboratively and coaches staff to achieve optimal performance; delegates effectively; praises/rewards contributions; defines clear roles and responsibilities; sets goals and leads initiatives; adjusts plans as necessary. Demonstrated subject matter expertise and a minimum of 10+ years of related experience in compensation and HRIS within publicly traded manufacturing industry Advanced skills in Microsoft Office suites (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment with multiple priorities that requires strong project management and decision-making capabilities. Hands-on approach required. Demonstrated ability to anticipate future trends/consequences and create innovative strategies. An experienced leader who values collaboration and drive an engaged and motivated team Executive presence with the ability to influence senior management; and work across all levels of an organization Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/donaldson/