Primary Location: United States,Texas,Irving Other Location: United States,Florida,Jacksonville Education: Bachelor's Degree Job Function: Technology Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Employee Status: Regular Travel Time: Yes, 10 % of the Time Job ID: 18052181 Description The Performance Certification Delivery is responsible for providing Performance services for all key applications and projects across the Region. Services will be across the lifecycle of a project, from design & workload analysis, performance test design and execution, performance bottleneck analysis and pro-active profiling with developer recommendations. The role will lead a multi-skilled team in all aspects of Performance engagement and work directly with stakeholders to ensure all key applications are well tuned, that the customer & employee experience is optimal and that there are no production impacts as a result of application performance or resiliency. Key Responsibilities: Deliver end-to-end platform and application performance certification services, with deliverables including Workload Analysis, Test Scope, Test Strategy, Test Cases, Test Schedule, Environment Requirements, Data Requirements, Monitoring Requirements, Code Profiling and Tuning Recommendations, Defect Analysis report, Performance Certification Report, Component Testing Report, FMEA results and Client side testing reports. Manage a team through the performance lifecycle of a project, from test design through to execution. Ensure application architecture design and developed solution meets all non-functional requirements for performance Tuning of key system components (above gold config), monitoring KPIs, identifying performance bottlenecks and providing recommendations for predicable results in production Establish Production and non-Production application and service performance baselines, including Service Level Indicators (SLI) and associated Objectives Service Level Objectives (SLO), and comparison across releases/versions Partner with project stakeholders, including Dev and PM, to ensure an efficient certification practice aligned with the wider project goals. Devise effective mitigation and escalation strategies to address performance risks and issues. Provide performance tuning recommendations to development teams, with the goal of optimizing the customer experience. Conduct profiling and code inspections for key applications. Drive program through project governance methodology and ensure compliance to tollgates. Lead regular project and program reviews with key stakeholders. Continuously identify opportunities for improvement. Accurate and timely reporting of the project portfolios against plan. Maintain a strong risk and compliance posture. Ensure adherence to key auditable processes. Support the transformation of the team and company into a more efficient organization, including the rollout of key capabilities around CI/CD, Cloud enablement and Developer Self-service. Development Value: The job offers the opportunity for the candidate to advance in a technology leadership role that will leverage both their leadership abilities and technical skills while building experience within the Citi global organization and increasing technical knowledge to various options within the platform. The candidate will lead engagement on many cutting edge projects with new technologies and operating models. Qualifications Skills: Experience in performance testing and certification, including workload analysis, Strategy definition, , monitoring, execution and stakeholder reporting Experience with triaging complex performance bottlenecks. Experience with NextGen (Microservices, PCF Cloud, API-M) is a plus. Experience with code profiling in a plus. Broad knowledge in systems monitoring, alerting and analytics (AppDynamics, Logstash, Splunk, etc.) Knowledge/Experience: At least 10-15 years of experience in performance certification and engineering. Experience with APM Tools (e.g. AppDynamics, CA Introscope). Experience with Performance Testing tools (e.g. Microfocus Performance Center). Experience in engaging is large scale projects and programs. Experience in financial services with specialty in the area of Enterprise-scale Application Performance testing and Optimization. Bachelor degree in computer science or other related or equivalent work experience. Competencies Strong customer and quality-focus is a must. Sound problem resolution, judgment, decision-making and influencing skills required. Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and project management skills Excellent English communication skills both written and oral. Self-starter and ability to work in a team environment Hard working and self-motivated. Able to work effectively under pressure. Ability to manage multiple activities and changing priorities This position is located in Irving Texas or Jacksonville Florida.