For Current Gilead Employees and Contractors: Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job. Job Description Summary Gilead IT is looking for a Business Analyst to support the Global Legal Business Conduct domain. The person selected for this role will be collaborating closely with business leaders, the IT business engagement lead, and IT solution delivery teams. The business analyst will be responsible for gathering and documenting business requirements and business processes and collaborate with the IT delivery team to develop solutions and meet business objectives. This role sits within the IT organization, reporting to the IT Business Engagement lead for Legal and Business Conduct. Specific Responsibilities Gather and document business requirements and map as-is and to be process maps. Fully absorbs the Legal Business Conduct function’s strategic goals and objectives and is able to connect new, emerging functional solutions and/or technologies to support those goals. Collaborate with the IT Solution Delivery team to translate the business requirements into optimized solutions that meet the business goals and objectives. Participate as a business analyst in IT investment, maintenance and enhancement projects for the related business domain, following the Gilead IT SDLC process. Integrates the efforts and perspectives of the business stakeholders and internal IT to effectively manage and deliver on expectations. Collaborates closely with project stakeholders (business partners, internal IT teams, project managers, technology vendors and service partners) to ensure quality and timely project delivery. Skills & Experience The ideal candidate will possess excellent business partnership, and communication skills, both written and verbal. Must possess a minimum of 3-5 years of professional experience in business analysis or a related function in Life Sciences or High Technology domains. Prior experience with business intelligence tools, business process mapping and orchestration, quality data management , master data, cloud based systems and scalable processes are desirable. Ability and experience with facilitating and collaboratively participating in requirements gathering workshops Prior experience in Legal or Regulatory, particularly within Lifesciences is highly desirable. Experience with user experience design or human factors concepts is desirable. Experience in Life Sciences and GxP compliant processes is a plus.