At Presidio, we think, architect, implement and support the practical reality of IT every day. We bring together the best minds in the industry to deliver IT excellence and support the answers to our clients’ IT challenges. As one of the largest IT-as-a-Service solution providers in the U.S., we combine experience and stability with regional expertise and the unique ability to cover local and global business needs. For more information about Presidio visit our website at www.presidio.com. Key Responsibilities: Primary responsibilities include performing project-based engineering, design, installation and troubleshooting of network and security solutions. LAN and WAN routing and switching design, configuration and deployment in small to very large and complex environments including Internet Edge architectures. Provide network engineering consulting services, including: assessment, design and implementation of network and security products/solutions Provide technical leadership on complex projects requiring teams of engineers. Develop comprehensive graphical and text-based design documentation and effectively manage the implementation process from design to customer acceptance Must possess excellent troubleshooting skills and be flexible with hours. You possess a vehicle. Required Skills: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience and/or military experience Active Cisco® CCNP/CCIE certificate or equivalent experience At least 7 years of related experience providing project deliverables in a VAR/Integrator environment Strong communication skills Solid documentation experience with Microsoft® Visio, Word, and Excel, PowerPoint Ambitious and goal-oriented, with initiative to work until job is complete. Expert-level knowledge and experience with design, implementation and support of the following: Programmable Infrastructure (APIs, Scripting, PYTHON, JSON) strongly desired Complex routing and switching solutions (Cisco is a must, Nexus strongly preferred) Multi-protocol environments, with mutual redistribution of routing protocols Multicast QoS Network Access Control, including Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) implementation design, configuration, and deployment Potential candidates must also possess experience and demonstrate expertise in at least one or more of the following areas: ACI, NSX, DNA, Viptela VXLAN EVPN AWS & Azure Networking NGFW/Firewalls/VPNs (Cisco is a must, Palo Alto is a plus) o Palo Alto TRAPS Authentication solutions including 802.1x/RADIUS/TACACS, Cisco ACS and RSA Load balancing/Acceleration solutions (Cisco, Citrix, F5, Riverbed) IDS/IPS solutions (Sourcefire/Palo Alto a plus) Familiarity with additional core technologies including: NetBrain, NMAP, Nessus, IPERF, SolarWinds, OpenNMS, PRIME, SPLUNK, ESXi LI-PH1 CB-PH Presidio, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/ VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, please visit: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance. Presidio, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services; please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Presidio has a strict PSL in place and will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through the Presidio portal. Candidate Resumes/CV's not submitted through the Presidio portal or submitted directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and will be treated as gifts and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation.