Everett,Washington,United States EACNP2 The BCA Supply Chain Operations Organization is looking for self-motivated and qualified teammates with a passion for aerospace and supply chain management to join our team. We are in the process of transforming BCA Supply Chain Management and are looking for additional talent to join our team to define and execute the next era of Boeing Supply Chain. The Supply Chain Operations Organization includes Commodities, Propulsion, SIT/Payloads, Structures, Systems, and the Fulfillment Teams. The Supply Chain Operations teams have responsibility for: external facing supplier interface and internal facing Manufacturing interface. Job tasks including - ordering/scheduling, demand management, supplier operations focus and supply assurance (on-time parts, good quality parts), capacity/rate readiness, operations & quality improvement / value engineering to support competitiveness focus, inventory management, risk/issue/opportunity management, and partnering internally with strategy, contracts, supply chain logistics and program fulfillment teams. We are seeking highly qualified candidates to join our team as Supply Chain Management Analysts - Entry Level (level 2) in Everett, WA. Position Responsibilities: As a Supply Chain Management Analyst you will be responsible for any/all of the following: Coordinating and documenting internal and external customer requirements. Identifying sources of supply/demand variation. Monitoring schedules and adjusts inventory balances. Identifying problems and maintains priorities for work in process. Communicating across functions to report risks and issues. Administering ERP contract/contract changes. Enforcing contract terms and conditions. Participating in the new business acquisition process. Assisting in conducting bidder conferences. Gathering performance data to monitor supplier capability, capacity and business health. Participating in supplier performance reviews and cross functional improvement teams. Participating in root-cause analysis and development of improvement plans and monitors progress. Maintaining relationships and communications with internal and external stakeholders and suppliers. Ensuring import and export requirements are met. Identifying and reporting suspect problems. Executing proprietary information agreements. Applying developed solutions to inventory plans. Analyzing and dispositioning excess and obsolete inventories. Releasing and maintains orders. Coordinating with suppliers and customers. Documenting and resolving order delinquencies. Reporting schedule adherence issues. Coordinating and supporting process improvements. This is a 2nd/Evening shift position. Must be willing and able to work this shift Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience): Experience working with any industry ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system or an equivalent such as SAP (System Applications & Products) Experience ordering, scheduling, and forecasting demand Proficient with all Microsoft Office suite applications Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills and Experience): Supply Chain experience in Aerospace, Defense or another industry Bachelor’s degree or higher in Supply Chain Management Typical Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree and typically 3 or more years' related work experience, a Master's degree and typically 1 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Yes, 10 % of the Time Supply Mgt & Proc Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company