JOB PURPOSE Analyze data to measure and qualify opportunities for strategic procurement initiatives. Conduct detailed and comprehensive data and spend analysis, identifying and quantifying potential savings opportunities. Conduct proactive analysis of the spending environment to gain more insight on commodity spend to assist in the creation of procurement strategies. Produce routine and special reports, projections and presentations to meet unit needs. The Procurement Analyst reports to the Assistant Vice President of Procurement & Strategic Sourcing and works in tandem with the Associate Director and Buyers within the department. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Perform comprehensive analysis to identify opportunities to leverage university spend. Extract and analyze information from internal systems to compile relevant data and prepare a variety of detailed reports and presentations to share findings with management in an impactful and organized manner. Track key performance metrics (KPIs) and produce special reports designed to measure the effectiveness and efficiency of strategic initiatives and other departmental activities. Mine, validate, cleanse, analyze and enhance spend data from various reports to determine where cost savings and efficiencies may be achieved (i.e. reduce goods and service costs through informed strategic procurement strategies based on data, improve contract compliance, facilitate early supplier integration, reduce spend analysis project cycles). Participate in the review of vendor proposals related to strategic opportunities, and perform comprehensive analysis to determine the best viable option. Assist with development of strategic business cases, through detailed analysis of contracts, spend usage patterns, and bench mark data. Propose recommendations for the implementation of best practices regarding strategic procurement which maintain and ensure compliance with University policies and state regulations. Maintain open channels of communication with buyers, campus customers, and other stakeholders to understand their current and future purchasing needs. Participate in special projects that are designed to enhance unit operations and services. Develop and present insights and anecdotes from the data by developing short range spend, long range spend and savings projections. Prepare periodic activity reports, summaries and recommendations. Unique Duties Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Finance or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Experience Minimum 3 years of data analysis experience preferred. Ability to create and analyze reports, utilizing Cognos or comparable business intelligence systems. Knowledge of data analytics and how to access, sort, formulate and manipulate supplier, market, price and spend data. Knowledge of current public purchasing or other institutional purchasing practices and procedures preferred. Knowledge of Banner Finance System (FMS) or comparable online integrated Finance or Purchasing/Payables system. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Analytical Skills: Strong attention to detail and mathematical accuracy. Skilled as conceptual thinker, inquisitive problem solver. Must be able to work independently with strong problem solving skills. Organizational Skills: Strong organizational and time-management skills. Ability to manage several projects simultaneously, prioritize and plan work activities while meeting respective deadlines. Communication Skills: Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to evaluate, interpret, explain and present information effectively and professionally. Technical Skills: Highly proficient in the use of MS Suite applications especially Excel, PowerPoint, and word. Strong understanding of financial systems and financial data flows. Learning Agility: Independent and innovative self-starter who displays an ability to learn quickly and easily adapts to changing situations. Experience researching topics to gain knowledge and understanding when information gaps exist. Teamwork: Ability to collaborate effectively with colleagues within and outside the organization. Ability to produce high quality and consistent results with assistance of team members; provide support to teammates when tackling complex projects. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS ? Analyst background and the ability to work with complex spreadsheets. Analysis experience with a preferred background in, forecasting, inventory analysis, demand planning, or financial analysis Preferred Qualifications Analyst background and the ability to work with complex spreadsheets. Analysis experience with a preferred background in, forecasting, inventory analysis, demand planning, or financial analysis Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Job Type Full-Time Job Category Professional/Administration & Supervisory/Management Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 06-18-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message