We believe that the future of business documents is knowing how they’ll perform before they’re published. Textio has already changed the way that thousands of companies write and hire, and we are looking for creative machine learning engineers to join our team and build genre defining data products that provide our users with not only predictive power but also an unparalleled user experience. You will partner closely with our data/NLP/service engineers and product team to define and craft the next evolution of our core machine learning models and infrastructure. This includes defining our overall machine learning pipelines and infrastructure, designing and building our shared feature store, and architecting our production model services. Machine learning at Textio blends unique elements of predictive power, model introspection, and guidance that present interesting challenges in building models from large swaths of text data. You will lead us in finding new ways to turn data into user facing products and create systems that empower other engineers, designers, and data scientists to express their own ideas in the product. Textio is a great place to build, learn, and experiment. We value creating data products by composing open source solutions and adding our own smarts when we need it. Some of the technologies you will have a chance to work with include Python, Docker, Spark, Presto, Flask, scikit-learn, Airflow, and of course much, much more. Come join us! We’d love to hear from you if: You love building robust and generalizable models You have designed, built, and deployed multiple models into a production environment You have created or used feature pipelines that serve production data products You have experience with SQL and Spark or other distributed compute platforms You thrive in an environment that believes that prototypes speak louder than specs You consistently keep user experience and model interpretability top of mind as you build models You take pride in the things you build You demonstrate a track record of trying and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!