Overview Are you a self-motivated, passionate individual looking for a relaxed, empowering environment? We are looking for an experienced full-stack web developer for our internal cloud platforms and our ecommerce websites. You will work closely with account professionals and our customers in defining and documenting requirements, preparing design documents, developing code, unit and system testing code, documenting code and processes, deployment of code and documenting build/deployment processes. Regular, Full time employment. Mon-Fri; 8a-5p, Rochester Hills, MI Responsibilities Work in an agile environment to develop web sites and web applications. Interface with internal and external clients and IT personnel when required for initial planning, development, deployment, and maintenance of web sites. Properly test and document all development work using test scripts and test plans to ensure requirements are met. Support and maintain production web sites after initial deployment. Utilize configuration management tools in manner consistent with corporate standards for documentation and source code control. Follow all established processes and procedures for ISO 9001. Provide training and support of web-sites. Completion of miscellaneous IT tasks will be required in this role. Other miscellaneous duties as assigned. Qualifications Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or IT preferred. Proficient with automated testing such as NUnit or Selenium a plus. Proficient in Subversion, Microsoft Office. Development experience of dynamic, robust, scalable web sites and web applications preferred. Frameworks: .Net, SQL, Windows Forms, JQuery, Bootstrap, MVC and Ajax. Experience with latest development tools. Experience designing and interfacing with back-end databases using latest technology. Knowledge and application of content management systems. Knowledge and application of latest security techniques for web sites and data. Knowledge of Internet, Intranet, and e-commerce systems and their content update processes. Possess a high level of initiative and a strong sense of ownership. Required Qualifications: 1+ years of experience in C, T-SQL/SQL, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, Bootstrap, and MVC Self-motivated and passionate – bring your individual contributions, we want to be inspired by you! Possess a high level of initiative and a strong sense of ownership. Able to interact/communicate well with other team members (internal/external). Self-motivated and passionate. Good communication/collaboration with other software developers, with users, and testing team members. Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills. The list can be daunting, and no candidate will be knowledgeable with everything on the list. But if you have the required qualifications and are a fast learner, check us out !