System Administrator - File Services Requisition ID: 1808174 Description Job Description: The IT Infrastructure Services File Services – Role is to ensure the efficient operation of the company's infrastructure file servers, applications and data. This includes monitoring, administering and diagnosing problems with infrastructure applications. In this role, you will work closely with the IT management staff and decision makers in other business units and departments to ensure systems are maintained, identify and diagnose issues and meet customer objectives. Within this role you will collaborate with multi- functional teams in developing, supporting and maintaining innovative solutions to support operations. Responsibilities: Deploy and configure file server including DFS and SFTP Support and administer One Drive for Business Administer various types of storage arrays including SANs, Isilon’s and Cloud Arrays Evaluate, diagnose and resolve issues with servers, applications and application integrations. Manage and register public domains and certificates Develop and use custom scripting for task automation. Integrate and migrate data and applications from acquisitions and mergers Utilize incident management system to monitor, update, follow up and resolve customer support requests. Providing cross training to other support team members. Providing timely reports and metrics as required. Follow and help develop documentation for all IT Operations and projects related to area of responsibility. Participated in IT department operational planning and projects and, implementation of new technologies. Accurately prioritize, execute, monitor and complete the daily scheduled tasks and assignments while addressing any issues that may occur including problem management, customer concerns, and reporting of such issues. Collaborate with business units and work with partners to maintain systems and ensure needs are being met. Participate in meetings, discussions, project site operations, employee training and provide positive and constructive feedback. Analyze existing operations and make recommendations for the improvement and growth of the infrastructure applications and IT systems. Conduct research and remain current with the emerging technologies and solutions in support of procurement efforts. Identify process improvement and modifications to develop strategies, drive efficiency, and improve upon existing company objectives. Work within project scope and project objectives, and become familiar with the role and function of each team member to effectively work with the team. Communicate with Senior Management, Business Unit and IT Management regarding status of specific issues, projects, and initiatives. Provide technical information and apply an advanced knowledge of principles, practices, and procedures to develop better utilization of resources and the impact on daily production cycles. Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment. 5% travel as required Qualifications Knowledge & Experience Bachelor’s Degree in IT or related field or equivalent work experience 3 years of experience in IT Strong knowledge of SMB shares, DFS, Share and NTFS permissions. Familiarity with SharePoint file storage and permissions. Understand of basic networking to assist in trouble shooting issues. Capable technical knowledge of network, PC and server operating systems. Experience with mergers and acquisitions. Knowledge of cloud-based solutions and storage. Experience in IT infrastructure planning and development, including multi-site design and support. Strong working experience with Helpdesk systems, SLAs, and support contracts. Thorough understanding of Data Center Operations, facility moves, data migrations. Accustomed to project management principles. Applied understanding of Windows environment. Working understanding of Active Directory. Proficiency in scripting with PowerShell Job : Information Technology Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Posting :