Support Engineer – SQL Server on IaaS The Support Engineer is a trusted advisor to IT Professionals, you will have influence over a broad range of solutions that create business value for our customers. Your technical and relationship skills are critical to the success of the customer’s perception of value of the Microsoft solution. You will have a chance to solve technically complex problems for the some of the world’s largest companies, as well as smaller companies on the leading edge of their industry. Support Engineering at Microsoft As a Support Engineer, you will solve high level complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty; may include support of additional product line. Frequently, these problems will not only be technically complex, but will be politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill. Responsibilities Key Responsibilities: As a Support Engineer you will represent Microsoft in customer communication via phone, email, or chat to assist customers in resolving technical issues involving Microsoft products and services. You will have the opportunity to foster positive customer relationships and build customer loyalty in Microsoft, while effectively managing challenging situations. It’s your chance to: Demonstrate strong interpersonal and communication skills, while working with diverse audiences including highly technical IT professionals, developers, architects, and executive management. Exhibit leadership through personal responsibility, accountability and teamwork. Act as a technical focal point in cooperative relationships with other companies. Manage crisis situations that may involve technically challenging issues and diverse audiences. Own and resolve technically complex mission critical or politically hot customer issues Be responsive to customer needs which may sometimes require outside of normal business hours or on-call rotation. Use trace analysis, debug skills, source code, and other proprietary tools, to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs; this may involve writing code. Maintain strong working knowledge of released products, take ownership for product improvement, and participate in pre-release activities and BETA programs. Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently. Travel within the US and internationally may be available. Business Division Specific: We are looking for a self-motivated, fast learning support engineer who enjoys working in an agile environment. Must have strong customer handling skills, passion for technology and excellent troubleshooting skills. This person will be working with SQL Server services. In Microsoft Services, we help businesses around the world to accelerate the power of Microsoft products and technologies. Working with 60,000 partners worldwide on some of the largest and most complex technological challenges around, we provide technical consulting and support services to 54 million customers. Across Enterprise Services and Customer Support Services, we have a global team of 10,000 professionals in 88 countries, and we draw on the full resources of the Microsoft organization worldwide. Benefits of working at Microsoft: Microsoft values different life experiences and viewpoints. We seek out people from diverse backgrounds and encourage them to take risks and approach challenges unconventionally. We will invest in your health and financial future and encourage you to pursue your interests and passions away from the office. Our products and technologies help you balance life away from the office and enable you to manage your schedule efficiently. Your Career: We take your career seriously at Microsoft and will ensure that we provide regular reviews throughout the year to offer continuous feedback and support to inspire you, develop your skills and ensure your personal satisfaction and growth. The Microsoft performance philosophy recognizes higher performance with bigger rewards through a formal annual performance review. Qualifications Skills and qualifications: 24x7 support – potential to work at least 1 weekend day At least one year experience in a customer facing or customer support role Experience in troubleshooting and problem-solving role Experience in a team environment Experience with SQL Server or an equivalent database product Experience with network connectivity Experience with cloud technologies Four or more year’s industry experience with Microsoft Server products (preferred) Strong knowledge of UNIX or other operating systems (preferred). B.S. degree in C.S. or E.E. or equivalent For this position, you will be required to pass Microsoft background check prior to the start of employment and periodically thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com. CSSREQ