Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more . This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. Responsibilities An Industry Data Solution Architect (I-DSA) possesses deep industry solution expertise and drives high priority customer initiatives in collaboration with industry POD, WW Industry team and Microsoft field. The I-DSA is a technical, customer facing role that is accountable for the end-to-end customer cloud analytics experience. I-DSAs own the Azure technical customer engagement including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts… The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success with target industry customers leading business process, cloud analytics, architecture, and design discussions with customer executives to drive deployment of industry solutions. Drive deployment of C+E target industry solutions into C+E Cloud (Azure required + CRMOL and ERPOL) and increase the consumption these solutions and the related Azure data and analytics services, including SQL Database, Document DB, SQL Data Warehouse, HD Insight, Machine Learning, Stream Analytics, Data Factory, Event Hubs and Notification Hubs Establish deep relationships with key OT/IT decision makers, who drive long-term cloud data adoption as mean to resolve business problems within their company. Lead mapping of business/ industry solution goals & requirements to Azure Data based architecture and data technology solutions while taking a systems-wide view of the customer's existing solution data landscape. Architect scalable data processing and analytics solutions, including technical feasibility and proposal development for Big Data storage, processing and consumption (e.g., development of enterprise Data Lake strategy, heterogeneous data management, Polyglot Persistence, decision support/BI over Data Lake. Deep focus on Data/IoT related Azures services including… Analytics, Data + Storage (SQL Database, Document DB, MySQL Database, SQL Data Warehouse, SQL Server Stretch Database, Azure Search), Intelligence, Internet of Things, Hybrid Integration (Biztalk Services, Service Bus), Compute (SQL VMs, Oracle VMs, Biztalk VMs) Design, coordinate and execute pilots, prototypes or proof of concepts, provide validation on specific scenarios Drive the quality of the onboarding plan (with Microsoft Consulting Services and Industry Solution Partners) Report on progress of customer as business objectives; Ensure plan execution by Industry Solution Partners Coach other technical sellers; document and share technical best practices / insights with Engineering teams and the solution architect community Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Deep understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends and their impact on target industry organizations (data architecture focus) 5+ years of experience with deep understanding in databases and analytics, including Big data (Hadoop, Spark), noSQL, Business Analytics, relational databases (e.g., SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle), Data warehousing, 5+ years of success in consultative/complex technical sales and deployment projects in target industry (managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) Understanding of big data use-cases and Hadoop-based design patterns Deep understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing cloud consumption share in large or highly strategic accounts Problem-solving mentality leveraging internal and/or external resources Exceptional verbal and written communication Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.