Harnish Group Inc. is the Caterpillar Dealer in central and western Washington, central and eastern Montana, northwestern Wyoming, northwestern North Dakota and the state of Alaska. Our Member Companies are N C Machinery Co., N C Power Systems Co., Tractor & Equipment Co., Machinery Power & Equipment Co., and SITECH Northwest Inc., representing Caterpillar, AGCO and other manufacturers. Our Mission is to help our customers succeed by providing premier business solutions delivered by engaged employees through teamwork and excellence. We have an opening for a full time Information Systems Coordinator – (Business Intelligence Analyst) at our Corporate Office. About the position : This is a technical oriented position that reports to the IT/IS Operations Manager for Harnish Group Inc. The Information Systems team is responsible to provide support for all business software applications used to efficiently manage and run our dealership. This includes problem resolution, help desk support, training, testing and applying upgrades. It also includes implementing new applications as directed, and utilizing SQL and/or other reporting tools to respond to users’ data requests. DUTIES : This position’s primary duty is providing applications development and support for our Business Intelligence reporting systems. You will be responsible for the following: Working with the IT/IS Operations Manager, and other Information Systems Coordinators and our Business Units to support all Financial and Operational data analytics and management reporting needs. This includes Implementing software updates Training end users on the software On-going maintenance of programs, administration, enhancements, training, documentation, and communications with software vendors. There is a strong emphasis on problem resolution, data quality, reporting and end user training. This position has primary responsibility for administering and maintaining all financial reporting for the dealership, and will work with executive management on a regular basis. Personal Attributes, Experience, and Education: Must have understanding of networked servers and SQL Servers in a Windows environment. Must have strong troubleshooting and training skills. Design, code, test, and aggregate results from SQL queries, using SQL Server/DB2, to provide information to users. Knowledge of business intelligence tools, such as Cognos and/or Tableau, is a plus. Possess good Excel and Visual Basic skills. Experience in application writing would also be a valuable asset. Understanding of data modeling and design ETL Tools is preferred. Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JavaScript, XML, VB script, Java, etc. Collaborate with teams to integrate systems. Fast learner. Self-motivated and dependable. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Excellent customer service skills. Business acumen. College or technical degree preferred. Most importantly, must be a team player, ready to learn and have fun in a fast-paced challenging environment. We offer a competitive benefits package that includes salary, health benefits, vacation, sick leave, life insurance, 401(k) with profit sharing and company match. To apply for this unique position, please go to our web site at www.ncmachinery.com. _Harnish Group Inc. and Member Companies are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law._