Overview Intuit Inc. (NASDAQ: INTU) has been a mainstay on Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” for over 15 years. Intuit helps power prosperity in our communities by serving customers with our market-leading product brands, TurboTax, QuickBooks and Mint. With more than 8,000 employees and $5 billion in revenue, Intuit continues to be a Silicon Valley growth story 35 years after we were founded. We’ve made the transition to a mobile-driven, cloud- based company that is poised for explosive growth globally as we transform once again in the age of artificial intelligence and machine learning. The company has offices across the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Australia, Brazil, France, Israel and India. Role Overview: We are looking for an experienced technology writer who has a proven track record of creating breakthrough content. This person would be a creative storyteller with expertise in crafting technology-focused content for a range of audiences, from consumers to engineers. In this role, you’ll be part of Intuit’s Corporate Communications team focused on pioneering a new era of dynamic relationships between Intuit and its stakeholders. We exist to shape beliefs and inspire actions to fuel Intuit’s growth. This cross-functional, global team includes experts in public relations, digital and social media, executive communications, content development and more. Responsibilities Support corporate content efforts that raise Intuit’s brand awareness and build its reputation as a technology-powered company Develop technology-focused content that includes corporate narratives, blog posts, speaking presentations/speeches, video scripts, award submissions, speaking proposals and talking points for spokespeople Push creative thinking and storytelling to break boundaries in integrated communications initiatives Take complex or technical information (written or via a conversation), translate either high-level or detailed concepts into well-balanced, persuasive and compelling content that can scale across multiple channels With an external environment mindset, counsel and build thought leadership content for key technology leaders like the Chief Technology Officer, Chief Data Officer, Chief Innovation Officer, product engineering leaders and more. Sample content themes include major technology platform shifts, data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, open source. API/open platform, conversational user interfaces, security and more Create programming and processes that scale content excellence across the organization. Activities include creating narratives that can be repurposed, teaching writing workshops, offering editing services, developing how-to guides and more Qualifications 8+ years in English, journalism or similar with a BA or BS degree Excellent writing abilities with experience working at a technology media outlet, in-product, or in corporate communications at a tech company Constant learner with strong technology acumen and understanding of trends (e.g. AI, ML, conversational user interface, blockchain, open platforms, open source), the technology landscape and the Silicon Valley. Confident, self-starter mindset to find interesting stories and counsel what makes a good story Multi-channel experience with knowledge of evolving and emerging platforms Strong verbal communications: experience navigating complex conversations and conducting interviews with professionalism Able to work under pressure independently, adapt as needed and meet deadlines Technical writing background paired with business acumen. SEO experience is a plus Please submit three writing samples along with a cover letter and resume. This is a full-time role based in Mountain View, CA.