Req ID: 20474 Shift: Any Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary PolicyLab at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) is seeking a Communications & Operations Assistant to join our team. PolicyLab is a research center within CHOP’s Research Institute that aims to achieve optimal child health and well-being by informing program and policy changes through interdisciplinary research. PolicyLab offers this exciting opportunity to impact the organization’s mission by helping to execute PolicyLab’s operations agenda and weekly speaker series while working on a wide variety of communications activities to support a fast-paced children’s health policy research center. As a member of the strategy team, this position will also work collaboratively with PolicyLab’s policy team and research portfolio leadership on strategies and tactics to advance the center’s policy and research priorities. Therefore, the ideal candidate is passionate about public health and health policy issues and is looking to develop their skills in organizational communications, translation of research and project management. Strong writing and organizational skills and the ability to work well on a team are keys to success in this role. This position reports to the Strategy & Communications Manager. Job Responsibilities Run day-to-day operations of PolicyLab’s weekly speaker series, working directly with prominent outside guests to develop learning objectives for presentations and promoting events to internal and external audiences Maintain/edit content on the PolicyLab website Assist with building and executing strategic internal and external communications plans utilizing social media, newsletters, video production, webinars and other communications channels Organize center-wide events, including special events and volunteer opportunities Support writing of blog posts, policy tools and other materials Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelor’s degree Required Experience: At least one (1) year of communications, special events, business and/or operations experience. Additional Technical Requirements Excellent communications skills (both written and oral) Able to perform tasks independently Able to produce high-quality work, paying strict attention to detail Able to work in collaboration with other professionals and staff within CHOP and partner organizations Adaptable to do work which is varied and requires an intellectual and professional approach Strong writing, organizational, and time management skills Interest in and commitment to the goals of the department or center All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu