DPS - TDEM - Technical Operations Officer I ( 00002521 ) Organization : TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : AUSTIN HQ (MAIN) PO BOX 4087 5805 N LAMAR BLVD, AUSTIN TX 78752 Austin 78773 Job : Business and Financial Operations Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 State Job Code : 1570 Salary Admin Plan : B Grade : 17 Salary (Pay Basis) : 3,081.33 - 4,866.58 Number of Openings : 2 Overtime Status : Non-exempt Job Posting : Aug 1, 2018, 11:19:32 AM Closing Date : Aug 15, 2018, 11:59:00 PM Description These positions are located within the 24-hour Operations Center of the Response Program and require shift work that includes days, nights, weekends, and some holidays. PLEASE NOTE: All applications must contain complete job histories, which includes job title, dates of employment, name of employer, supervisor's name and phone number and a description of duties performed. If this information is not submitted, your application may be rejected because it is incomplete. Resumes do not take the place of this required information. SUBMITTED THROUGH WORK IN TEXAS: Work In Texas (WIT) applicants must complete the supplemental questions to be considered for the posting. In order to complete the supplemental questions please go to CAPPS Recruit to register or login and access your profile. Go to CAPPS Recruit to Sign In https://capps.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en GENERAL DESCRIPTION Performs routine (journey-level) analytical operational support and technical assistance work in the State Operations Center (SOC). Work involves assisting with planning, developing, and implementing an agency program and providing consultative services and technical assistance to program staff, governmental agencies, community organizations, or the general public. May train others. Work under moderate supervision, with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. The following Military Occupational Specialty codes are generally applicable to this position. Applicants must fully complete the summary of experience to determine if minimum qualifications are met. 11B, 11C, 13B, 13D, 13F, 14S, 29E, 641X, 0231, 0481, 7011, 86MO ESSENTIAL DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Perform an array of technical, training, research, planning, policy, program assessment, and administrative activities for the SOC’s warning, alert, and communications systems for daily and emergency operations. 2\. Collaborate in the planning, development, implementation, analysis, and documentation for emergency incidents/special operations events. 3\. Review and analyze information to determine incident trends and appropriate course of action, to include but not limited to writing ad hoc or situation reports. 4\. Serve as liaison to staff, government agencies, community organizations, or the general public to confirm information and/or explain and provide technical assistance on program specifics and requirements. 5\. Review and document incident information, threat warnings, homeland security reports, weather information, bulletins, and other communications traffic. 6\. Receive and review requests for assistance and resources and makes recommendations for approval/disapproval to Team Lead/Watch Supervisor as appropriate. 7\. Receive and review requests for Amber, Silver, Blue, and Endangered Missing Alerts from local law enforcement agencies and determine eligibility based on established criteria. Make recommendations to Team Lead/Watch Supervisor as appropriate. 8\. Conduct surveys and/or reviews to determine and maintain compliance with certification requirements, laws, regulations, policies, and procedures. 9\. Notify state and federal agencies, local governments, and the public of threats and incidents according to established policies and procedures. 10\. Gather research for comprehensive administrative reports, studies, and specialized research projects. 11\. Review and evaluate information on emergency management activities to identify gaps in resources and recommend improvements. 12\. Assist in the collection, organization, analysis, and/or preparation of materials in response to requests for program information. 13\. Assist with the identification of what information should be captured as it applies to division performance measures. 14\. Alternate shift assignments to accommodate required training. 15\. Attend work regularly and observe approved work hours in accordance with agency leave and attendance policies. 16\. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS and REQUIREMENTS Education – Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university is required. Experience – Minimum of four (4) years’ progressive work experience operating warning or telecommunications systems or providing administrative or technical support for emergency management, military, emergency response, or homeland security facilities or organizations is required. _Substitution Note: Additional work experience of the type described may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis, with thirty (30) semester hours equal to one (1) year experience._ Licensure and/or Certification – Must possess a valid driver license from state of residence. Within six (6) months of employment, obtain a Texas Law Enforcement Telecommunications System and Texas Crime Information Center certification and complete Incident Command System training 100, 200, 700, and 800. Obtain within one (1) year of employment, a Federal Communications Commission (FCC) general radio telephone license, National Association of Business and Educational Radio (NABER) license OR other similar, like, or comparable license that may satisfy licensing requirements. Regulatory Knowledge – Working knowledge of, or the ability to rapidly assimilate information related to TXDPS, State and Federal regulations, legislation, guidelines, policies and procedures. Considerable knowledge of emergency warning methods, systems and procedures. Interpersonal Skills – Must demonstrate an ability to exercise poise, tact, diplomacy and an ability to establish and maintain positive, working/professional relationships with internal/external customers. Organizational and Prioritization Skills – Must be organized, flexible, and able to effectively prioritize in a multi-demand and constantly changing environment; able to meet multiple and sometimes conflicting deadlines without sacrificing accuracy, timeliness or professionalism. Presentation/Communication Skills – Must be able to construct and deliver clear, concise, and professional presentations to a variety of audiences and/or individuals. Must have experience communicating orally, often during emergency situations and in writing, including preparing accurate and grammatically correct memoranda, letters, procedures, reports, and other documents. Skill in operating and training others to operate a variety of communications systems. Ability to understand emergency needs and effectively coordinate with other agencies/organizations to identify and deploy resources. Research and Comprehension – Must demonstrate ability to quickly and efficiently access relevant information, and be able to utilize and/or present research and conclusions in a clear and concise manner. Analytical Reasoning/Attention to Detail – Must demonstrate an ability to examine data/information, discern variations/similarities, and be able identify trends, relationships and causal factors, as well as grasp issues, draw accurate conclusions, and solve problems. Technology (computers/hardware/software/operating systems) – Must be able to operate a personal computer with word processing, database management and specialized applications. Ability to quickly learn new or upgraded equipment, systems, and software. Considerable knowledge of communications equipment and performing preventative and routine maintenance on such equipment. Must have the ability to operate audio/visual, video-teleconference, telephone conferencing equipment, communications systems such as web based audio and webinar software, and information technology equipment and software related to the day to day operations of the program area in accordance with applicable procedures. Confidentiality and Protected Information – Must demonstrate an ability to responsibly handle sensitive and confidential information and situations, and adhere to applicable laws/statutes/policies related to access, maintenance and dissemination of information. Travel and/or Schedule – Availability for shift work is required (day, evening, night, weekend) as well as during holidays, emergencies and disasters. May be required to travel by vehicle or other mode of transportation for occasional frequency: five (5) percent. PHYSICAL and/or ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS The physical and environmental demands described here are representative of those encountered and/or necessary for the employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job; reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Environment: Open office environment with moderate noise level and frequent interruptions; Ambulatory skills: Stand, walk, sit, climb; balance, stoop, kneel, crouch Hand-eye coordination and arm/hand/finger dexterity; Ability to speak, hear, and exercise visual acuity; Ability to communicate (phone, email) for duration of shift (8 hours); Ability to transfer weights of twenty (20) pounds anticipated for this position; Driving requirements: Occasional five (5) percent. DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group and state title will be transferred with no salary change. DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. Salary is contingent upon qualifications and is subject to salary administration and budgetary restrictions. Travel: 10% DUE TO THE HIGH VOLUME OF APPLICATIONS WE DO NOT ACCEPT TELEPHONE CALLS, ONLY CANDIDATES SELECTED FOR INTERVIEW WILL BE CONTACTED. State of Texas retirees may be rehired for full-time, non-commissioned positions only under very specific circumstances.