My client, a member of the healthcare industry headquartered in the heart of Center City is looking for ambitious Systems Administrators! They are hiring a Windows Sys Admin with strong server experience 08-16 and Desktop 7-10. This is a full-time opportunity that can pay up to $80,000.00 per year plus amazing benefits! You should have at least three years' experience with Windows, VMware/Hyper-V/Citrix (preferred), and really strong experience with Office 365. A healthcare background is a must as well as PowerShell since you will be doing a little bit of app support for their new clinical applications. You would be working on some exciting new projects like cloud-based work, moving data centers, upgrading their network, and completing new storage arrays so you'd really become a jack of all trades. Required Skills & Experience Must come from a healthcare background Windows Servers Windows 7-10 VMWare, Hyper V, and Citrix SQL Server Office 365 Desired Skills & Experience MCSA or MCSE Networking Experience Experience with Citrix Zen App What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown PowerShell Office 365 SQL Server Networking Nimble for Storage Windows Server 2010 Daily Responsibilities 25% Citrix Upgrade 25% Moving Data Center 25% Upgrade Network & Core Switches 25% New Storage Arrays The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $80,000.00/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Health, Dental, Vision Insurance Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Profit Sharing LTD Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.