DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY _Providing Opportunity, Assistance and Care for Arizonans in need!_ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST Division of Employment and Rehabilitation Services Rehabilitation Services Administration 515 North 51st Avenue Phoenix, AZ 85043 www.azdes.gov JOB SUMMARY: The Senior Business Analyst will act as a primary liaison between the Information Technology department and multiple business units. Provides expertise to developers during the design and construction phases of projects. Develops and executes comprehensive system test plans, conditions, test scripts, and test cases. The duties of the Share-Point Administrator include, Installing, configuring, maintaining, upgrading and managing a Share-point Server or a Farm, Configuring all service applications like Search, Meta data and User Profile Synchronization. Creation of a Content DB and maintaining it. It involves maintenance of various logging databases in SQL Server. Compressing of logging Databases is also done by Share-point administrators. Assignment of proper permission levels for all users of the site as well as configuring anonymous access if required. Helping to train and support business users on Share-point usage. Lay out content on Share-Point pages, Test Share-Point for accessibility and ease of use, Meet with Share Holders to agree on site's design, links, documents, Fix links that don't work and pictures that aren't appearing properly. Content editors must have excellent writing and editing skills, with an understanding of the special requirements of writing for the Web, such as the use of keywords, hyperlinks, navigation and brevity. This individual must have a good eye for detail, with excellent spelling, grammar and punctuation skills. Editors must have good interpersonal skills to work effectively with contributors, designers and webmasters, and, they need good organizational skills to collate material from multiple resources. JOB DUTIES: Support the organization’s key business processes and applications. Gather and document business requirements. Translate requirements into business, functional, and use case documents for IT projects. Develop and execute comprehensive system test plans, conditions, test scripts, and test cases. Maintain business systems standards by applying project management methods, tools, and processes as standard practice. Create and deliver related user documentation and end user training. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge of Rehabilitation Services policies, procedures, programs and business goals. Methodologies and techniques for systems analysis and design, business process modeling, requirements gathering, quality assurance, and software development. Proficiency with Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (BABOK). Knowledge of SharePoint 2010 and 2013, SharePoint Services/Portal Server and Windows Server, Microsoft Networking and Support and Microsoft Office Suite. An understanding of the special requirements of writing for the Web, such as the use of keywords, hyperlinks, navigation and the importance of brevity. Customer service skills. Interpersonal, written, and oral communication. Ability to multi-task. Ability to work collaboratively in teams and across organizations. SELECTIVE PREFERENCE(S): A Bachelor’s degree in communications, business analysis, computer sciences, journalism, or English would be a plus, but not required. 10 years of experience in business analysis (or equivalent experience). Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) certification and Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) certification in Office 365 is a plus. Web design and content editing is a plus. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Apply for and show proof of a valid Arizona Fingerprint Clearance Card that meets Level One requirements Driving is required; individuals may be required to use their personal motor vehicle A current, valid state issued driver’s license; employee is subject to driver’s license record checks and must maintain an acceptable driving record, valid motor vehicle insurance and registration and complete any required training (see Arizona administrative code R2-10-207.12) Successfully complete the Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify), applicable to all newly hired state employees Successfully pass background and reference checks; employment is contingent upon completion of the above mentioned process and the agency’s ability to reasonably accommodate any restrictions BENEFITS: The Department of Economic Security offers a comprehensive benefits package to include: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Please note, enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. CONTACT US: If you have any questions please feel free to contact (602)542-0928 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting 602-364-3981. Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._