Trainer - Meetings and Events \- (180002VC) The Trainer, Meetings and Events provides training to first line supervisors and front line employees to improve individual and team performance. They are essential to the cration of curriculum and delivery methods which are relevant and aligned to support diverse learning styles. This includes but is not limited to providing input to management to aid in the assessment of training needs and curriculum development. They partner and engage closely with the regional Training Manager, Sr. Director NORAM Operations and client specific program management to outline and execute a training strategy and roadmap for the region. 1) Responsible for new-hire and ongoing training and certification of front- line employees and supervisors in conjunction with scheduling allowances; supports consistency in all front-line employees' performance through uniform training delivery. 2) Participates in required train-the-trainer classes as necessary 3) Provides feedback to curriculum developers through participation in pilot and beta testing; gathers input from employees and customer feedback systems to make recommendations for curriculum revisions and creation. 4) Identifies training needs and makes recommendations to the Training Manager and client specific program management teams. 5) Continually monitors training consumption against competency requirements of individuals. 6) Assists with the creation and updates of all manner of curriculum related to client or project specifics including web-based learning materials. 7) Performs all duties and responsibilities in a timely and effective manner in accordance with established company policies to achieve the overall objectives of this position. 8) Maintains a favorable working relationship with all other company employees to foster and promote a cooperative and harmonious working climate, which will be conducive to maximum employee morale, productivity, and efficiency/effectiveness. 9) Projects a favorable image of the company to promote its aims and objectives and foster and enhance public recognition and acceptance of all of its areas of endeavor. 10) Keeps immediate superior promptly and fully informed of all problems or unusual matters of significance and takes prompt corrective action where necessary or suggests alternative courses of action which may be taken. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent meetings & events/group transport training experience. Minimum 3-5 years of training experience. Experience in Meetings & Events industry highly preferred. Associate professional in talent development (APTD) or Certified Professional in Learning and Performance (CPLP) preferred. Strong computer knowledge, specifically in Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Webex, and other curriculum development, learning management, and training delivery platforms. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills both internally and client facing. Deep knowledge of the meetings and events and group transport business. Ability to present processes and concepts clearly and effectively to drive improved staff performance. Strong collaboration skills with peer project managers to identify, understand and assess best curriculum and courses to be designed and delivered Ability to work under pressure, establish priorities and deliver to fixed dates. Ability to liaise with other operational leaders to obtain support and knowledge. Ability to visually design curriculum and training courses and deliver directly or provide successfully to other trainers. Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : Yes Employment type : Standard Job Family : Meetings & Events Scope : Regional Travel : Yes, 15 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : Customer_Meetings & Events Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Jun 14, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class