Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Senior Data Analyst is a highly trained individual that specializes in organizing and analyzing data from various resources with the purpose of turning numbers into information and action. A Senior Data Analyst takes questions and requests beyond the surface level to provide more than just numbers, but context and recommendations. They paint a picture of how the business is operating using a variety of data analysis techniques and statistics. Responsibilities Drive analytics decision making on a wide range of initiatives Field and prioritize strategic requests from senior leaders to help everyone involved better understand the impact of key business decisions, make projections and enhance our mortgage processes Analyze data with standard statistical methods, interpret results and provide written summaries of data analyses Work closely with Business Intelligence peers, including Business Analysts, Engineers and Modelers to ensure we are creating a holistic analytical approach that solves for analytics needed, technical solutions and models to transform a business initiative Mentor team members and proactively provide appropriate feedback and peer reviews Requirements Statistical knowledge and how to apply in a business environment 2 years of applied experience working with complex data sets Working knowledge with statistical software like SPSS, R, SAS or Python Basic understanding of SQL or other querying languages to create data sets Demonstrated experience visualizing and presenting data (e.g. Tableau, Microsoft Power Bi, etc.) Naturally curious and active interest in data analysis and problem solving Ability to work in fast-paced environment where flexibility is key and directions can change frequently Proven capacity for being responsible for data within the organization to reach conclusions, drive solutions and/or make recommendations What’ll Make You Special Bachelor’s degree or higher in economics, mathematics, applied statistics, computer science, finance or equivalent experience preferred What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._