In just a little over a decade, PitchBook has grown into a global organization with offices in Seattle, San Francisco, New York and London. With consistent high double-digit growth since 2009, the company has become the industry’s leading source of private market data, serving more than 3,000 clients around the world. As a three-time winner of the Best Workplaces in Washington award, PitchBook is committed to fostering an open, collaborative work environment driven by excellence, inclusion and fun. Our culture is at the heart of our success, and it’s something we work on every day. Job Overview The ideal candidate will have a strong grasp of Machine Learning, statistical modeling and Natural Language Processing techniques. A desire to learn, and a strong motivation to succeed are integral parts of our team, and we expect everyone to be a force for shaping the long term direction of our products. Key Responsibilities Use natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning techniques to create novel views of private industry data. Analyze and extract features from large amounts of unstructured data, determine most relevant features, and use clustering algorithms to drive insight into the data. Analyze textual data such as articles and conversations to identify novel signals of private company performance. Work closely with Data Visualization and Product teams to establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses and models Provide thought leadership on Data Science/ML best practices by staying informed of current trends in industry Basic Qualifications B.S. in CS, Machine Learning, Operational research, Statistics or in a highly quantitative field. Bachelor’s degree considered with strong industry experience. Experience with NLP, and/or machine translation tasks Experience with Python, Java or other relevant programming frameworks Experience in using SQL for data extraction 2+ years of experience leveraging the above mentioned skills in a production environment Strong communication and data presentation skills Strong problem solving ability Preferred Qualifications Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner Experience working closely a with software development team(s) Financial services, investment, banking, venture capital and/or private equity knowledge, but not required. Company Overview At PitchBook, we provide transparency into the capital markets by organizing the world’s meaningful business information and making it useful to our customers. We work tirelessly to arm global professionals with comprehensive data on the entire venture capital, private equity and M &A landscape—including companies, investors, funds, investments, exits and people—so they can discover and execute opportunities with confidence. Our data and analysis are available through our award-winning flagship product, the PitchBook Platform, as well as our powerful suite of integrated tools, industry news and in-depth reports. If you are ready to start the conversation about how you might contribute to all the happenings at PitchBook, submit your resume today! PitchBook appreciates and respects diversity, and as such, we are an equal opportunity employer.