About Your team: The O’Reilly Media’s Cloud Operations Engineering team is made up of a diverse set of engineers tasked with building O’Reilly’s next generation platform. We're passionate about cloud technologies, automation and Kubernetes. We work closely together to help design, plan and build the necessary cloud infrastructure to run the O'Reilly platform. We’re building the tools and systems that will enable engineering to work seamlessly with the cloud and to move as fast as they want. We welcome all ideas and are a truly collaborative team. About the Job: The Cloud Operations Engineer will help build, monitor, automate and troubleshoot our cloud platform. As a team member you are expected to help influence the roadmap, technology stack, and performance of the platform. You will also be expected to contribute to deployment automation code, do general maintenance (logs, backups, etc.) and write documentation. You will also be responsible for monitoring the systems and services and planning for upgrades and future expansion. This position is located in Sebastopol, CA or Boston, MA and will report to the Manager, Cloud Operations. Job Details: Write deployment automation code for our Cloud platform. Actively recommend improvements to company infrastructure Keep apprised on new developments in cloud solutions and educate other team members on related skills Document system and application engine configurations and procedures Monitor systems, applications, services, and network performance/availability Execute on implementation and execution of project plans Establish and recommend policies on system use and services Be part of an on call rotation About You: Familiar with cloud infrastructure( GCP, AWS, or Azure ) Experience managing and supporting Linux-based environments Experience with monitoring hosted and on prem monitoring tools. Excellent oral communication skills and good writing skills Knowledge of at least one SQL database system such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Oracle. Knowledge of at least one programming language such as Python, Bash or Java. Knowledge of configuration management technologies such as Ansible or Chef For Cloud Operations Engineers, we are interested in individuals with a basic knowledge of cloud infrastructure skills, and a sincere interest in education. We desire conscientious candidates who work comfortably in an agile environment, in a self-driven, autonomous fashion. You should be willing and able to work with a small focused team to bring individual features to fruition, but also to work with the broader team of engineers to collaborate on initiatives that span the whole learning platform. We value colleagues who are helpful, respectful, communicate openly, and are always willing to do what’s best for our users. We invite developers who value automated testing and welcome code reviews as an essential element of continuous learning. The women and men of our platform team have taken many traditional and non-traditional paths to the developer profession, and we welcome diverse teams that are bound together by a mutual love for learning. Minimum Qualifications: 4-year college degree in Computer Science or related field, or combination of relevant education and experience 5+ years experience in Linux System Administration 3+ years of proven experience with cloud infrastructure <p