Your Job: The Manager of Performance Analytics provides leadership and direction for a team of Performance Analysts to identify and communicate improvement opportunities throughout the Enterprise. The Manager acts as an expert internal consultant in the use of both qualitative and quantitative information acquired through dedicated research, data aggregation, and analysis, and plan development to ensure appropriate resource allocation to projects that focus on the achievement of sustainable results at the facility and Enterprise level. The Manager is committed to prioritizing projects and initiatives in a manner that is focused on improving existing processes and systems to elevate safety and quality of care, reduce costs while maintaining or improving safety and quality; expand patient or customer satisfaction – Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), Sustainability Levers, Key Strategies. He/she guides, facilitates and uses advanced data management techniques to support the work of MHS chartered Task Forces and Committees in the creation of data driven project charters focused on achieving realistic goals and outcomes aligned with the strategic direction of the Senior Executive Management Team. This position works across the Enterprise with clinical, operational, and financial leaders as well as with executive leaders. Your Job Requirements: Master's degree in healthcare, Business, or related field Lean/Six Sigma Certification or similar certification (active or within 18 months of hire) Clinical Licensure preferred CPHQ preferred Other applicable clinical/healthcare licensure and/or certification Five (5) or more years, Minimum of three (3) years appropriate healthcare experience and two (2) years quality experience required; including a demonstration of progressive leadership responsibility. Microsoft office competency including Excel, Word, Power Point, Visio. SharePoint experience preferred Knowledge of wide variety of performance improvement tools and techniques, dashboards, and data collection tools. Ability to research, generalize, and apply best practices to best inform stakeholders and encourage evidence-based practice Proficient in project management tools and techniques including project planning, execution, and hand off. Well-versed in change management and conflict resolution to facilitate value delivery. Broad-based knowledge of the continuum of patient care Ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing with various levels of staff. Works with confidential patient information Work closely with internal and external customers; ability to retain composure, interact with tact. Effective organizational and time management skills. Ability to work as a team player. Ability to work in a cost effective manner. Use of value management techniques for process improvement / cost saving opportunity Ability to travel Your Job Responsibilities: Identifies and manages a project funnel to focus performance analysis efforts on data management activities that have the greatest opportunity to improve performance on KPIs and other key strategic goals. Develops data driven goals and metrics for the effective monitoring of project plans for improvement projects in any work system; Facilitates the data management processes necessary to provide actionable information to MHS chartered Task Forces and Committees Collaborates with Enterprise and Hospital leaders on opportunities for improvement to reduce variation and improve reliability across MHS to provide compassionate, quality healthcare. Collaborates with other leaders across Methodist to identify, align, and execute improvement work. Coaches, mentors and develops performance analysis team in principles of accountability, change management, communication and data management to promote creation of a high-performing team. Leads, guides and directs the activities of performance analysts to ensure project deliverables are achieved on-time and that milestones and deliverables are met