The Suddath Companies is a multifaceted group of companies that specialize in worldwide corporate employee relocations, household moving, warehouse and logistics management and specialized transportation services. Major Goal: To provide for on-time, safe, and high quality completion of all service commitments of the company, while maintaining financial margins. Job Summary: The Dispatcher is responsible for the daily scheduling of production activity. The Dispatcher plans the assignments of personnel and equipment to complete orders and warehouse work, and plans the order and routing of jobs and crew to comply with customer commitments, safety, and efficiency. The Dispatcher has direct contact with production crew members; daily handing out and reviewing their job assignments. The Dispatcher is also the front-line supervisor for production crew members. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Safety and Compliance: Assure that safety is the number one priority for all personnel, above all other goals and objectives Continuously monitor driver hours of service availability and schedule to available hours Work in cooperation with the Safety Manager to schedule employees and contractors for recommended training, and in recognition of phased discipline as well as remedial action required by safety policies Communicate yearly goals for driving safety, work comp injury prevention, and property damage prevention Work within the “See something, say something” environment to comply with and enforce all safety regulations and policies of the company Insure compliance with governmental regulations, licensing and permitting, and administrative policies and procedures Timely act on the recommendations of the Safety Manager or branch ASR with resources, decisions, root cause or accident investigations, and elevation of issues. Assure compliance with policies and procedures for facility and vehicle security, including end of day checks, and monitor them for completion. Quality and Capacity: Schedule jobs, crews, equipment, and routing to meet all customer commitments with a realistic plan. Complete scheduling with enough time left in the work day for Coordinators to communicate start times with customers for all business lines. Maintain the Day Page in real time in the move management system; currently Mover’s Suite Daily communicate with Coordinators scheduled job start times Update Coordinators in real time of any changes to the schedule that impact customer commitments, whether affecting the actual service or the time services are performed Insure all service related activities are performed to the highest level possible in accordance with company and van line standards and best practices. Confirm that all crew members have currently valid criminal background check clearance, (CBC/CID), whether assigning the crew to a Suddath serviced order, or assigning to a non-Suddath Van Operator. Assure that all production crew and contractors have completed the Quality Labor Training program Assist in communicating goals and results for standards 3, 4, and 5, (packing, loading, unloading), from the Unigroup quality surveys. Insure that all service commitments are met by utilizing best practices, maintaining staff of adequate size and training, and maintaining equipment to be available as needed. Coordinate with the Quality Assurance Manager and Claims Manager in the areas of training, continuous improvement, and corrective action Maintain adequate inventories of material and supplies to avoid service failures due to out of stock items. Maintain rolling stock, material handling equipment, and moving equipment to eliminate service failures whether from breakdown or unavailability Assure that job paperwork is complete and processed in a timely manner Profitability: Daily monitor the labor time-keeping system for accuracy of time worked, correct job assignments, and minimization of overtime expense Assure that scheduled and preventive maintenance of equipment, (rolling stock, material handling, and moving equipment), gets completed to minimize down time, rental costs, and the extra expenses of breakdowns Assign work crews within productivity standards for loading, unloading, packing, and warehousing functions Monitor productivity of production crews against goals Participate in job costing to improve gross margins Assure that job paperwork is complete and processed in a timely manner to aid in the billing process Capacity Expansion: Responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, performance reviews, retention and termination of service crew, including movers, helpers, packers, local drivers, and warehouse employees. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education/Experience: Associate Degree (A.A.) from an accredited college or university; or five to seven years related experience and/or training in transportation or moving & storage; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Ability: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Math Ability: Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Reasoning Ability: Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Microsoft Office suite, ability to learn and effectively use move management software, timekeeping and other software applications used in the daily performance of job duties. Certificates and Licenses: No certifications needed. CDL preferred Supervisory Responsibilities: This job has no supervisory responsibilities. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision and Ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and taste or smell. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Use your current and previous experience to find new opportunities on the road to success. At Suddath, we’re committed to helping our employees flourish and reach new heights.