TransCore (TRN), a subsidiary of Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: ROP) is seeking a full-time Database Administrator to join our team in Houston, Texas. Job Summary: The Database Administrator provides day-to-day and on-call first line technical support for our Infinity production installations. Troubleshoots and follows through-to-resolution issues concerning the application and the database. This position will involve ensuring the database systems are configured and deployed properly with the correct parameters, configurations, SW versions and performance settings, will develop and optimize stored procedures, and will analyze the flow of the data throughout the system to validate it is functioning properly. Will analyze and assure proper database performance. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Provide first line of software support for our Infinity installations during normal business and off hours. Develop and optimizing SQL queries, stored procedures and functions to support system operations and customer requirements. Support SQL Server databases from a DBA perspective in high availability environments. Troubleshoot and resolve database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, replication issues, connectivity issues, and security issues. Create required database indexes, index management, and maintain statistics. Develop software utilizing the .NET framework (C, RDL.NET, ADO.NET). Troubleshooting and debug .NET service oriented (SOA) Windows applications using WCF/WPF frameworks. Monitor current system installations for performance degradation and perform preventative and corrective cleanup activities to assure proper functioning of the database systems. Continued performance improvement of the Infinity system including the database. Support Production, Development and QA Environments. Analyze Transaction Data Reports and reconcile data differences Education : Bachelors degree from a four year college or university or equivalent combination of education and work experience. Required Skills & Experience: 3+ years of professional experience in SQL Server Database Administration with strong SQL Development. Experience with using SQL Server tools and system stored procedures. Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization. Highly motivated team player who can establish excellent working relationships with peers and other teams. Ability to understand business requirements and estimate for delivery commitments. Excellent verbal, phone, and written communication skills. Desired Skills: Experience as a .NET Software Engineer developing and maintaining solutions in C, RDL.NET ADO.NET and ASP.NET utilizing Visual Studio (2005, 2008, 2013, and 2015). Previous experience within the Tolling Industry