The salary listed on this job posting is the starting salary range; amount offered will depend upon qualifications. For information related to _Essential Functions, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required to Perform Work, _and _Working Conditions & Hazards _of this position, click here. Locate and click on the position title to view the job classification specification _._ _For evaluation purposes, acceptable qualifying experience for all positions must have been in a paid capacity unless noted otherwise in the minimum qualifications for the posted position._ _Additionally, 30+ hours per week will be counted as full-time employment and will receive full credit for the amount of time employed. A minimum of 15 through 29 work hours per week will be counted as part-time employment and will receive half credit for the amount of time employed._ Vacancies currently available in the following department(s): Fire - Civilian, Dallas Water Utilities and Park & Recreation. Minimum Qualifications EDUCATION: High school diploma or GED. EXPERIENCE: Two (2) years of experience in storekeeping, warehousing, automotive parts or sales, or catalog/direct sales, which involved shipping, receiving and/or inventory responsibilities. LICENSE(S) and/or CERTIFICATION(S): Valid driver's license with good driving record. OTHER REQUIREMENT(S): Some positions require availability to work nights, weekends and holidays shifts. Some positions require an intensive background check. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITY(IES): Knowledge of general warehousing. Knowledge of performing cycle counts on inventory. Knowledge of issuing, stocking, ordering and receiving parts/supplies. Ability to lift/carry up to seventy-five (75) pounds. PREFERENCE(S): Experience with a computerized inventory system is a plus. Experience with entering data into an inventory control system is preferred. EXAM DESCRIPTION: Exam covers math problems, filing, money counting, recordkeeping errors, warehouse related reading, supervision, public relations, parts identification and catalog use. Time Limit: 2 hours. PICTURE I.D. REQUIRED Park and Recreation: Knowledge of and experience with environmental rules and regulations is a plus. Spanish and English fluent speaking is preferred. Building Services- Equipment Building Services: Knowledge of and experience with building and construction materials is preferred. Fleet Services-Equipment Building Services : Automotive background with experience in automotive and heavy equipment parts strongly preferred. ASE (Automotive Service Excellence) Parts Certification is a plus. Police Department- Dallas Police Department: Intensive background check is required. No felony or class A MISDEMEANOR convictions. Fire Maintenance Parts/ Quarter Masters-Dallas Fire Rescue : Automotive background with experience in automotive and heavy equipment parts strongly preferred. Knowledge of and experience with textiles, medical supplies and pharmaceuticals is preferred. Street Services-Traffic Sign Division: Valid Class B Commercial License must be obtained within the probationary period.