Avenue5 Residential is growing! We are in search of a Floating Leasing Consultant to join our amazing and dynamic team! Who are we? Avenue5 is a multi-family property management firm that reaches 13 states. Established in 2014, we are 1,000 associates strong! We are proud of our vibrant, inclusive, make-it-happen culture, where we: Listen to our associates, recognize them, and give them room to grow Invest in our associates to help them become the best version of themselves Approach every important decision with our associates in mind Celebrate our associates’ successes and encourage them to raise the bar even higher Who are you? An energetic people magnet that can lease apartments in a competitive, highly sought after market, while providing five-star service to current and potential residents. Leasing is your passion and you have a minimum of one year of sales/customer service experience. You have experience with both Yardi and Onesite You are professional and eloquent in delivery of communication. You work well under pressure and in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. You have a high school diploma or equivalent. You are proficient at the Microsoft Office Suite and can quickly learn other software applications. You can work a regular schedule that may require working weekends and holidays. What we need We need a superstar that can lease units in a competitive market and in a high-profile location. The Leasing Consultant will be tasked with the following: Greet and welcome all visitors to the community using exceptional customer service and prospect qualifying/sales techniques to ensure leasing and retention goals are met. Help to create and promote a friendly and professional office environment by displaying exemplary customer service in all aspects of the position. Regularly inspect tour path, amenities, model and vacant apartment homes for quality assurance. Conduct community orientation and move in inspection with new residents. Address resident concerns courteously, professionally and in a timely manner. Contribute to and promote resident retention programs. Foster positive, active and collaborative relationships with residents, other communities and associated agencies. Accept rental payments with the parameters specified in company policy and procedure. Maintain current resident files in accordance with company policy. Complete weekly, monthly and annual reports, as directed. Complete all required training courses. Help create and maintain a positive company culture. Other tasks as required. Physical and Mental Requirements Employee must be able to lift and or move, up to 25 pounds. Stand/walk/sit for long periods of time. Climb stairs. Ability to work well under high-pressure situations. Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment. Ability to work successfully with a variety of personality types. _If this describes you, let's talk! Please reply to this ad with your resume. We look forward to talking to you!_