_Unisys_ _is a globalinformation technology (“IT”) company. We work with many of the world’s largest companies and government organizations to solve their most pressing IT and business challenges. We specialize in providing integrated, leading-edge solutions to clients in the government, financial services and commercial markets._ _Our offerings include cloud and infrastructure services, application_ _services, security solution and high-end server technology. We have more than 20,000 associates serving clients around the world. For more information, visit_ _www.unisys.com_ _Are you a business analyst looking for an opportunity in reporting writing and analysis? Do you have an interest in working in the Information Technology business and work will within a team environment? Are you a self-starter and creative thinker who can work and thrive within our fast-paced Global Headquarters environment? If this sounds like you, we want to talk!_ The Position: Business Reporting and Operations Analyst Location: Blue Bell, PA What You will be Doing: This position is a key contributor, focused on Tableau Dashboards and Microsoft BI report writing, business analysis and subject matter expertise, supporting various Unisys stake holders including service delivery teams and Unisys management globally. The position focuses on project reporting, resource productivity reporting, and data warehouse integration with various excel and ERP tools as well as time entry tools and processes. Specifically: Create and maintain Tableau Dashboard for various company functions including Senior Leadership utilizing data set from various company sources. Reporting Lead for project data, focused on views by Client, Industry, Service Line and key offering for various time frames and regions. Create, modify and publish reports based on various stakeholders’ requests utilizing MS BI. Stakeholders include senior leadership, project managers, resource managers and operations lead. Develop functional requirements to meet evolving business needs of project managers, project controllers, resource managers and business unit management; design/develop/test enhancements to the reporting environment in conjunction with IT. Lead continual improvement and support of the business intelligence environment which provides project and professional services reporting across multiple organizations and groups in Unisys using projects to manage their environment. Acquire a deep knowledge of the data ware house structure and various data feeds with the ERP. Maintain and update warehouse summary logic to aggregate transactions into customized financial and productivity views. Provide IT with updates to this logic when impacted by changes to business processes, internal project financial management views, accounting, or the corporate productivity policy. Help solve process and business issues via reporting and tool integration. Develop user training and communications along with providing first level user support as needed. What You Need for this Position: Business Degree; advanced degree (MBA), preferably in Data analytics concentration 2 years’ work experience MSBI skills Tableau skills Solid Excel and PowerPoint skills Reporting and data analysis skills Ability to work in a fast paced environment Excellent communication skills A great attitude, strong work ethic and a desire to make an impact Unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. To learn more about Unisys visit us at www.Unisys.com. Unisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). M/F/D/V.