Become part of American Express’s digital enterprise evolution by joining the American Express Technology team! In the Merchant Servicing space, we take pride in enhancing Merchant Servicing experience, and our Merchants’ interaction with American Express. We are constantly reimagining the possibilities for servicing merchants. This group is nimble, creative and empowered to shape the merchant’s Digital landscape. We create robust API Portals for public and internal Developers around the world through the creation of amazing user experiences for our developer communities. You will be part of a fast-paced Agile team building responsive solutions designed to simplify access to the Amex Platform. We need a bright and collaborative Full Stack Software Engineer to transform and deliver our merchant Servicing platform. There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Taking your place as a core member of an Agile team driving the latest development practices your responsibilities will include: Working with a team of Engineers that delivers knowledge management solutions to businesses worldwide. Writing code and unit tests, working with API specs and automation. Developing microservices using Java and deploying them on enterprise cloud. Developing advanced web components to provide an intuitive end-user experience. Identifying opportunities for adopting new technologies. Troubleshooting issues and working with Product support teams to resolve problems and perform root cause analysis. Working closely with Product Owners in researching and prototyping new capabilities that improve the overall user experience. Identifying opportunities for adopting new technologies. Developing automation solutions using Python. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of and proven background in web and Rest API development using technologies such as: React, Angular 2, Bootstrap, Java, Python, Databases, CSS, and HTML. Also: Advanced User Experience development skills in creating dynamic and engaging web components. Hands-on expertise with responsive web application design and development. Preferred experience React, Angular 2, Bootstrap and Java. Provable experience in developing web components using: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Spring MVC, and Open Source sub-components. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Collaborative work ethics and ability to work in a team-oriented culture. Ability to demonstrate sound judgment and execute against deliverables under deadlines and competing priorities. Highly focused, organized, and detail-oriented. Passionate about creating great technology products and is always looking for creative & innovative solutions to meet or exceed our business partners’ needs . Strong leadership skills & ability to collaborate across development portfolios to drive results. Strong technical aptitude with an intense desire to learn new skills and industry trends. Demonstrated experience in Agile development, application design, software development, and automated testing (Selenium, Junit etc.). Demonstrated experience using CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, XLR, Sonar, Selenium, Chef etc. Any experience or familiarity with cognitive processing technologies such as NLP. Qualifications Are you up for the challenge? Preferably a BS or MS Degree in Computer science, Computer Engineering, or other Technical discipline. 5+ years of Software Development experience. Ability to effectively interpret Technical and Business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions. Willingness to learn new technologies and exploit them to their optimal potential. At the core of Software Engineering Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Porting/Software Configuration Programming Languages and Frameworks Business Analysis Analytical Thinking Business Product Knowledge _Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue Visa sponsorship for these positions._ ReqID: 18011876 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time