BlueJeans is looking for a very dynamic technology leader to join its growing team as a Chief Architect. As Chief Architect, you will have a broad charter. You will be responsible for the overall architecture of BlueJeans and will have direct responsibility for architectural consistency, reliability, serviceability and scaling of current and future infrastructure, tools, core services and APIs which are used by our customers and the rest of engineering teams in a secure fashion. Our Platform team owns key initiatives which have a broad impact on the scalability, reliability and usability of BlueJeans products. In this role you will be required to collaborate with Platform, Client, Video Engineering teams, DevOps team, Security team and Product and Business partners to own and execute on the Platform roadmap. As Chief Architect, you will be responsible for the architecture of BlueJeans. You will directly reports to the Senior VP of Engineering with ‘dotted-line’ reporting to the CTO. You will work closely with our co-founder and CTO to capture the vision of the product capabilities, general direction on the technologies and approaches to realizing the product capabilities. You will also own the “system of record” for the architecture and advise the architecture, product, SaaS Operations and the development team on the alignment of product and solution implementation conforming to the architecture. In addition to directing the work of system and software architects and the developers, you will evangelize the capabilities of the product internally and externally to the partners and / prospects and enable sales engineers as appropriate. You must have technical “chops” and large scale SaaS development and deployment in the cloud preferably AWS to question the team decisions / approaches objectively, understand the critical issues and resolve them to meet the product goals. You will be expected to initiate conversations, ask hard questions, and bring strategic decisions to the BlueJeans Technical Leadership to debate and decide. Our culture is something we cherish; we entrust our engineers with a high degree of freedom and autonomy, which fosters innovation and productivity. It’s important that our Chief Architect is an inspiration, a gentle shepherd and a reliable sparring partner, rather than a sheriff. Requirements A bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering. Advanced degree preferred 10+ years experience building and scaling enterprise level software solutions using a variety of software stacks / technologies including and not limited to AWS services, Java, JavaScript, Python, Kafka, MongoDB, MySQL and Cassandra. Recent experience and successful track record of large scale and high performance SaaS platform migration to AWS SaaS architectural expertise - especially at massive scale in a multi-tenant microservices environment Experience with Containerization, CI/CD, Dev Deploy, ECS, Cloudformation, Kubernetes and Swarm etc 3+ years (most recently) doing large scale application design and proven track record of documenting large-scale software product architecture and communicating with 200+ engineers guiding / directing them 3+ years experience using at least one front end Javascript framework (AngularJS, ReactJS, etc…) and backend technologies such as Kafka, Hadoop, Spark Experience with a stream processing or pub/sub architecture Knowledge and experience of video technologies, standards and trends Experience in leveraging Machine Learning / AI and NLP components in a solution Experience with architecture and technology governance Expert (but perhaps rusty) coding skills Able to collaborate on long-term architectural vision, and articulate and evangelize that vision in and out of the company Thorough understanding of software security, frameworks, Web App, Desktop App security and OWASP top 10 etc. Demonstrated experience in Video / Unified Communication space is a plus Responsibilities Act as a mentor and thought leader for the software engineers on their team, working to turn software engineers into tech leads and tech leads into architects. Builds a tight relationship with CTO, Product Managers, platform, media, Operations and cloud engineering groups, while acting as the technical owner of BlueJeans architecture Ownership of setting up frameworks to codify best practices, reducing lines of code through re-use, and ensuring team members adhere to those best practices during the design and development phases During design and code reviews you understand the user story and the problem it is trying to solve. Make sure the solution uses the correct components and frameworks while enforcing best practices and lessons learned from past mistakes Setup and chair Architecture Review Board and associated review and governance processes Supporting the development managers as well as development tools and processes to ensure alignment of product technologies and development infrastructure Management of SW related IP strategy and reviews. Define / Drive Architectural documentation standards