Keywords: Full Time Travel Percentage- 40%~60% Relocation Provided- Yes Responsibilities: Responsible for competitive solution architecture and implementation of new solution to projects. Responsible for building joint solutions with global-wide partners. Take a leading role in supporting the Oil & Gas/Digital Oilfield/Digital Pipeline projects in analyzing, planning, designing and delivering complex technical solutions in accordance with Huawei's portfolio in ICT infrastructure, business integration and operation support. Provide technical sales supports and business development for Oil & Gas/Digital Oilfield/Digital Pipeline sectors. Gather detailed technical requirements and configuration information from the customers and users to assist with the scoping of work and reducing deployment/development risks. Provide technical support to assist with writing Requests for Proposals (RFP) and Requests for Information (RFI). To include: System Diagrams, Equipment lists, System Descriptions, and Statements of Work (SOW), etc. Provide new solution enablement support for service teams on technical designs and deployments. Provide technical support for demonstrations at specific lead generation events such as summits, road shows and pilot tests. Basic Requirement Bachelor degree or above in Computer Engineering, Telecommunications, Electrical Engineering, or related fields. 7~10 years’ experience in Oil & Gas/Digital Oilfield/Digital Pipeline industry, experience in system integrator from this industry. Familiar with one or two products and technologies, such as IP Camera, Video over IP, Video Surveillance, 4G, Tetra, Networking, IoT, Storage, Server, Cloud, Big Data etc Excellent intercultural communication, coordination, presentation and reporting skills. Excellent interpersonal skills, team-work spirit and independent working capabilities. Open for travels in USA and Latin America. Preferred fluent Spanish or Portuguese or Chinese speaking skill. High energy, outgoing personality, willingness to speak up and share opinions and ideas, desire to work independently to find solutions to amorphous projects without direct supervision Department Description The customers' business need drives the evolution of industry applications and the ICT infrastructure solutions. The market strategy for Huawei Enterprise Business Group is to focus on the ICT infrastructure and products. Huawei America Solution Development Center (ASDC) enables the joint solution by cooperating with industry partners through pilot projects or joint innovation, provides project support and joint solutions to our customers in Latin America, explores potential PoC Test, and takes part in industry consortium and standard bodies to enhance Huawei's influence in the industry.