Interactive Machine Learning Researcher with a Focus on Building Systems About the Job PARC is looking for an Interactive Machine Learning Scientist with a background in Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) and a passion for building software systems to join our growing, world-class Human Machine Collaboration group dedicated to expanding scientific knowledge in this area. You'll be focused on one of several initiatives, including eXplainable AI, interactive machine learning, machine collaboration, deep learning, reinforcement learning, agent-related analytics, and new ventures, to help PARC invent the future. You will: Research new ideas, design experiments, and code prototype interactive machine learning applications to test hypotheses pushing out the scientific frontier. Collaborate with other diverse Scientists and Engineers in tempering, crafting, and implementing your scientific and technical visions. Participate in the entire research and development lifecycle, from concept to release for production engineering. Who you are: Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field A builder interested in exploring the theoretical side of human-machine collaboration Professional software development experience Expertise with data analysis languages such as Python or R Expertise with web interfaces in Javascript and packages such as D3.js Experience with a Cloud Computing Platform (such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) Benefits We offer a very competitive salary package and full benefits (medical, dental, vision, life & disability insurance, 401K. PARC also strives for the best possible work-life balance, so employees benefit from maternity, paternity and adoption leave, as well as a variety of flexible working options. PARC employees enjoy the use of onsite health & fitness center and collegial dining at our onsite cafeteria. The PARC campus is in a spacious modern building in close proximity to the resources and opportunities of Silicon Valley and benefits from nearby leading universities such as Stanford and Berkeley. It is also close to many amenities, top schools, and outdoor activities (see http://www.parc.com/about/culture.html). PARC provides a highly diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (see http://www.parc.com/about/careers/). About PARC PARC, a Xerox company, is in the Business of Breakthroughs®. Practicing open innovation, we provide custom R&D; services, technology, expertise, best practices, and intellectual property to Fortune 500 and Global 1000 companies, startups, and government agencies and partners. We create new business options, accelerate time to market, augment internal capabilities, and reduce risk for our clients. Since its inception, PARC has pioneered many technology platforms – from the Ethernet and laser printing to the GUI and ubiquitous computing – and has enabled the creation of many industries. Incorporated as an independent, wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox in 2002, PARC today continues the research that enables breakthroughs for our clients' businesses. PARC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with PARC should contact PARC Human Resources.