Grade: T23 The Administrative Specialist will report to the Director of the Advanced Pharmacy Practice Experiences (APPE) Program and is responsible for providing support to the Office of Experiential Education. In addition to the routine administrative tasks, this individual will enter data into the computer program used to manage the experiential program; monitor and triage e-mail and telephone communications from students and preceptors, ensure that the School and students are compliant with individual site requirements as delineated in the affiliation agreement; assist in management of preceptor and student schedules, maintain manuals and notebooks for each rotation; organize and maintain student and site records as they relate to the experiential program; assist in the maintenance of data required by the accreditation body for pharmacy education and the Pennsylvania Board of Pharmacy; and help organize meetings for students and/or preceptors by preparing agendas, reserving facilities and equipment. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: At least 2 years of directly related administrative experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Required Skills & Abilities: Must possess solid judgement and decision making skills Demonstrated strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Demonstrated strong computer skills including an ability to learn how to use evolving technology that is necessary to run the APPE program. Must be proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Must be able to work successfully in a team environment. Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills are essential to work with students, faculty, outside preceptors and sites. Preferred: Bachelor’s degree. This position requires a background check Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.