This is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30B addressable market. PROS culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. We have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. We’re committed to the success of our customers. That’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible. Our people make PROS stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets. Field Marketing Manager Reporting to the Demand Generation Manager, the Field Marketing Manager is responsible for planning, organizing and executing marketing programs & events that generate new prospects and advance existing opportunities for the sales team. This person will act as a liaison between the demand generation (campaigns) team and inside, partner and field sales teams. This role will also develop – or assist in the development of – marketing plans consisting of multi-touch, multi-dimensional programs including both inbound and outbound tactics. The FMM must also manage vendor contracts and relationships and work with the internal marketing team to strategize, build and execute all marketing events & programs. A Day in the Life of the Field Marketing Manager Research, choose, design and manage live events to be included as tactics in the overall marketing mix, and ensure there is a cohesive pre-event, at-event and post-event strategy to increase engagement and response rates Recruit and manage all staffing for events Recruit and manage speaking engagements at events – working with internal and external SMEs Communicate and educate the sales team regarding new and planned marketing activities including global, regional and local programs & events Develop and implement pipeline acceleration programs jointly with sales Interface with sales to determine sales enablement needs, and work with product/solution marketing to develop tools, programs in a box, training and content Forecast, measure, analyze and report on impact of programs Proactively engage with the direct and indirect sales teams to coordinate, communicate, and optimize the impact of marketing activities Evaluate, select and manage vendors that contribute to local demand creation programs including events venues and services, digital marketing agencies, direct mail providers, SEO experts, designers, copywriters and list brokers Develop and implement target account strategy to support account-based selling Required Qualifications – About You: Five or more years in b-to-b marketing – SaaS marketing experience a plus! Four or more years of field marketing experience with strong focus on marketing event management (tradeshow, seminars, roadshows, webinars, etc..) Proven experience working with sales teams and supporting programs to drive awareness and pipeline Ability to demonstrate track record of success in all key areas of responsibility Highly motivated individual who thrives in a fast-paced team environment and is readily adaptable to changing market and organizational requirements Ability to consistently produce results on time and within budget Ability to align tactical plans with strategies Ability to direct content building required for programs Knowledgeable in marketing automation and CRM solutions (Marketo and Salesforce experience preferred) Additional ABM Marketing Stack Tools Expertise a plus! Understands social media and an overall demand creation approach Strong communication skills Bachelor’s Degree Skills & Personal Characteristics: Self-starter Highly organized Flexible, with strong business sense Can execute on many tasks simultaneously Target segmentation analysis, budgeting and building business cases for new customer acquisition B-to-b sales cycle and how to identify opportunities to maximize demand creation, pipeline contribution and sales opportunity acceleration Demand creation performance measurement, including the Sirius Decisions Demand Waterfall Work Environment: Most work activities are performed in an office or home-office environment and require little to moderate physical exertion. Work activities may require periods of extended hours, critical deadlines and stressful situations. To successfully complete the tasks of this position, individuals must be able to communicate clearly (in writing and orally), comprehend business terminology, interpret numerical data. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. About PROS PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) is a cloud software company powering the shift to modern commerce by helping companies create personalized and frictionless buying experiences for their customers. Fueled by dynamic pricing science and machine learning, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services in an omnichannel environment with speed, precision and consistency. Our customers, who are leaders in their markets, benefit from decades of data science expertise infused into our industry solutions. To learn more, visit pros.com.