You will be part of the team creating the next-generation internal systems for movie distribution. You should be comfortable being part of a cross-functional team and working with a diverse group of business stakeholders and technologists. We expect you to have a deep understanding of Business Analysis, to be passionate about technology and the business, to keep up with the latest trends, and to have ownership in your project deliverables. As part of Studio Technology, you will conceive, deliver, enhance, and influence products across the entire distribution value chain including sales, marketing, planning, operations, and finance. You will work in service of an overall company initative to reimagine the studio business as an integrated, automated, efficient and effective machine that can scale and flex in line with rapid, technology-driven business dynamics. Your key responsibilities will be: Write user stories by conducting interviews, workflow analysis, process analysis, and observation sessions Write concise and effective User Stories Produce clear and concise workflow documents to drive balanced solutions that consider people, process and technology components Evaluate information from multiple sources and help distinguish user requests from user needs Facilitate and clarify customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements Assist in the business case development using modeling techniques and methods as needed Define precise and accurate User Story acceptance criteria that will be used by developers, automation test frameworks and by product owners to ensure that product owner intent is effectively captured Arrange client reviews of software under development, ensuring client satisfaction Collaborate to develop user acceptance testing (UAT) specifications Interface with all levels of internal clients and analyze current business and software development processes Foster Agile principles and methods for requirements gathering Adhere to Agile development methodology best practice Facilitate Agile rapid and meaningful releases Assist in the creation of project approval request documentation Work with the Project Manager to help facilitate and ensure successful user acceptance testing Work with the business to ensure business adoption Measure impact of solutions on the business Your passion for good software is visible to your team members, stakeholders and in every product you and the team delivers. You take business automation seriously, and that will help you make decisions that drive value every day. You are: A problem solver. You take deep pride in your work and view each new problem as an opportunity for success; you approach challenges creatively, but methodically, and are biased toward delivering requirements fit quickly and within budget constraints. Inquisitive. You are curious and ask questions often. You’re hungry to learn new things and understand complex problems. You have a desire to learn how things are done and that drives you to look for ways to improve and streamline existing processes. Comfortable with ambiguity. You face change with a cool head and persevere even if you don’t have all the details; you’re comfortable moving between projects and facing the uncertain because risk and change motivates you to evolve and innovate. Technically astute. You rapidly learn new skills, grasping complicated technical information that often leaves others lost whether it’s product, industry, or hard tech knowledge, you absorb it quickly and are ready for more. Goal oriented. You are focused on your goals and drive to get to the desired outcome; you connect business and technology strategies to the software you deliver and can easily articulate the value created. Business analyst Level 3 career practitioner including practical application of the techniques outlined in BABOK v3. 3+ yrs of experience performing business analysis within a large enterprise covering both business and information technology domains Work experience in data analysis a plus 2+ yrs of experience using Agile SCRUM methodology Strong problem-solving skills Strong written and verbal skills and ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences Ability to communicate effectively with business stakeholders and to translate business requirements for technical developers Strong partnering skills and ability to work within a collaborative team environment Proficient use of UML including one or more modeling tools in the business and information technology domains e.g. Sparx Enterprise Architect, Modelio, and/or IBM Rational Strong business process definition capabilities, including the ability to capture process flows visually according to standard methodologies Responsive to business needs and highly motivated to improve the skills and capabilities of his/her organization A sense of ownership and responsibility for delivery Ability to learn, understand and apply new technologies Must be able to work independently, support several projects simultaneously and prioritize effectively Knowledge and experience with the Entertainment Distribution Value Chain including EIDR, rights and availability, servicing and financing preferred Bachelor's degree with technical emphasis such as Computer Science We have created one of the most powerful brands by bringing memorable, life- changing storytelling to the world. The foundation of this creativity starts with The Walt Disney Studios where we produce, acquire, and distribute live- action and animated motion pictures, video experiences, music, and live performances. Our brands include Marvel, LucasFilm, Pixar, Disney Animation, Disney Nature and Hollywood Records. No other Media & Entertainment company can rival the brands we have the honor of bringing to the world. As part of the Studio’s Technology team you’ll be joining a group of seasoned, dedicated technologists solving a range of interesting problems in innovative ways in an exciting and dynamic industry. We are looking for a self-starting software professional who is dedicated to shaping the future of movie distribution. We’re a casual shop that values passion, community involvement and exceptional software. If this is you, we want you to join our team. 577292