Western Digital® We deliver the possibilities of data. YOU define what’s possible. Western Digital seeks a Social Media Insights and Analytics Manager specializing in digital and social media analytics for the Retail Division. In this role, you will be responsible for defining and measuring the effectiveness of digital and social media content and campaigns with the goal of increasing engagement, frequency, reach, share of voice, etc. for our various brands of product WD, SanDisk, G-Technology social content. To be successful in this role, you will need to have a passion for data and be able to translate metrics into actionable recommendations. You have a keen appreciation for the latest social media trends and tools and can juggle multiple projects in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage multiple monitoring profiles across measurement tools Help define social media KPIs, monitor performance, and assess results Develop competitive benchmarks and track across platforms Summarize key learning and highlights for various audiences across the organization Create dashboards based on audience and business needs Track ROI metrics as they correlate to social selling Work with third party agencies to assess and analyze media efficiencies throughout the life span of digital campaigns Help evaluate influencer marketing performance and contribute to influencer strategy from a data perspective Be the expert point person for social tools (manage publishing platform, listening tool, etc.) QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors in Marketing, Social Research or associated field from a top tier school and 6-8 years of related experience at a large corporation Qualitative research skills, including the ability to translate and interpret customer insights and data into actionable business results – you must love numbers! Solid knowledge of social media platforms, measurement tools, and is a personal user Skilled at using Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint for reporting purposes Ability to summarize data, communicate trends, and make recommendations Experience with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram native metrics, Sprinklr/Percolate, and listening tools, such as Crimson Hexagon Hands-on expertise with setting up social listening parameters and monitors Experience measuring ROI based marketing and social bots performance a plus! ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL At the forefront of flash memory storage, industry-leading SanDisk-branded integrated and embedded solutions deliver the possibilities of data for data centers and mobile devices, enabling fast and reliable data access. SanDisk, WD, HGST and G-Technology brands position Western Digital as the world’s largest data storage company and flash memory leader. Western Digital is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. Western Digital does not unlawfully discriminate and complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO Is The Law poster: Equal Employment Opportunity Is The Law. Western Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify. LI-LS1