Job Description: Develop/Maintain/Enhance revenue models to recognize and forecast Revenue (under ASC 606)based on Near-term and Lifetime Values (“NTV” and “LTV”) of acquired and potential customers. Update monthly forecasts and assist in the preparation of variance explanations and partner with Product General Managers to lead monthly variance review discussions. Support long range strategic and financial planning process, including development of the yearly financial plan. Design and develop reports/dashboards using Data Visualization tools (Tableau), conduct trend analysis and present the recommendations to business partners. Conduct quantitative and qualitative analytical work to analyze trends, unlock insights and drive sound decision making on key issues through clear, concise recommendations. Support CFO, investor relations and other business leaders with important ad-hoc requests. Assist on acquisition/investment/partnership opportunities as part of broader corporate strategy development and execution. Drive continual process improvement leveraging best practices, standardization, and automation to scale the business. Required Competencies: Experience in building and understanding detailed and complex financial models, exceptional analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to deal with complex concepts and details. Experience communicating complex and actionable concepts at a senior executive level. Collaborative team player with excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to develop critical relationships with diverse groups of internal clients and key stakeholders in the organization. Ability to work independently, manage multiple dependencies and prioritize projects with minimal supervision and meet deadlines. Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel with experience understanding and writing complex formulas. Experience with SQL, business intelligence / data visualization tools (Tableau) preferred. Desired Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or another related field. MBA or Masters in a quantitative field a plus. 5+ years of direct, relevant experience in a business or financial analyst role. Experience with a public company a plus.