Apply advanced geomechanics models to interpret customer provided data and provide completion optimization designs based on the results. Directly interact with the customer and sales force to resolve question and build value for the product. Conduct ongoing reservoir performance evaluation, development planning and identification of production improvement opportunities. Key Accountabilities Capable of applying advanced geomechanics models with interpretation software such as PowerLog. Analyze data to recommend completion design for wells and supplementary processes to enhance production. Under broad direction, demonstrates creativity, foresight, and mature engineering judgment in evaluating geomechanics models to provide completion optimization designs. Utilizes specific industry software to analyze well performance to maximize performance. Capable of resolving technical/operational questions from customers. Analyzes well performance and helps completions engineers optimize stimulation design Analyze data in order to recommend placement of wells and supplementary processes to enhance production. Monitors production rates and reworks processes to improve production where possible. Work closely with other team members to address critical challenges. Studies the spacing opportunities for both vertical and horizontal development Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Advanced knowledge of Word, Excel and PowerPoint Ability to work independently with little or no supervision Strong analytical skills Advanced functional knowledge of technical domain specific software Excellent written and verbal skills Additional Preferred Requirements: Working knowledge of completions design and hydraulic fracturing optimization Experience or a good understanding of well test analysis, decline curve analysis, and EUR predictions. Advanced functional knowledge of industry standard petrophysical data processing and interpretation software Experience as a field engineer Proficient in the technical field of geomechanics, petrophysics, drilling, reservoir engineering and/or completions. Required Experience and Education Bachelor’s degree required 5+ years functional experience in related field Required Travel: Up to 10% Number of Openings: 1 FLSA Status: Exempt Type of Position: Salaried Position Status: Full Time Additional Available Locations: EEO is The Law - click here for more information Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled