Data Center Program Manager Intern - Oracle Veteran Internship Program - 18000YBJ No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Title: Oracle Veteran Internship Program Data Center Program Manager Intern Location: Seattle, WA (relocation and/or travel not available) About the Data Center Program Manager Intern Position: Oracle Cloud Infrastructure combines the elasticity and utility of public cloud with the granular control, security, and predictability of on-premises infrastructure to deliver high-performance, high availability and cost- effective infrastructure services. The team is directly responsible with leading all New Region Builds, Region Expansions, New Service Deployments, and ongoing maintenance. As a member of Data Center Operations, you will support the program management team as a junior Program Manager. This role will work hand in hand with all members of the PM team. In this role you will be exposed to: highly executable project plans with clearly defined milestones, project reporting, issues/risks, compliance, mitigation plans, infrastructure design, RFP creation (materials & labor), BoM ordering, logistics, contract, and vendor management. Required Skills and Experience: MUST BE US Veteran transitioning from active service Experience working in a data center/ IT Enterprise organization Successful track record in completing multiple infrastructure projects Strong technical knowledge, which encompasses data center technologies and design Good understanding of data center cabling design and standards Preferred Education and Experience: BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Project Management, Product Design or related experience preferred including assisting with: Manage the development and implementation process of a specific company product involving departmental or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of new or existing products Plan and direct schedules and monitor budget/spending Monitor the project from initiation through delivery Organize the interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/product on schedule and within budget constraints. Assign and monitor work of systems analysis and program staff, providing technical support and direction Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Effective communication skills with all levels of management Ability to succeed through collaboration and working through other internal and external organizations and individuals Strong leadership capabilities and strong interpersonal skills required Ability to learn quickly and adjust to changing priorities while maintaining a positive, can-do attitude Ability to apply independent and sound business judgment to solve complex issues Works independently with minimal supervision required and can lead cross-functional teams to complete projects and major initiatives using judgment, experience, and leadership skills About the Company: Oracle remains the gold standard for database technology and applications in enterprises throughout the world: With annual revenues greater than US$37.7 billion and more than 430,000 customers— including 100 of the Fortune 100—Oracle is a global provider of enterprise cloud computing. Deployed across industries in more than 175 countries, Oracle empowers business of all sizes on their journey to digital transformation. Oracle Cloud provides leading-edge capabilities in software as a service (SaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and data as a service (DaaS). For more than 35 years, Oracle is the enterprise technology partner that positions companies for tomorrow, today. About Oracle Veteran Internship Program: Oracle is proud to sponsor an internship and integration program that exposes transitioning military veterans to the corporate culture, provides hands-on job-skill training and experience, and offers enhanced professional and personal development. At Oracle, we are committed to the development and professional growth of our veterans. Our paid intern program is specifically designed to aid military veterans injured during training missions and military campaigns worldwide in their transition to a career in the private or public sector. Veterans accepted into our program will work closely with corporate leadership, military veteran coaches and HR professionals to help prepare for a successful transition. Interns will engage in on-the-job training and professional development in fields such as information technology, technical/systems consulting, technical support, facilities, finance, human resources, logistics, marketing, sales or developmental training in sales or for customer support (as available). Additional Information: Hourly wage is $25 per hour. This is a 40 hour per week position Detailed Description and Job Requirements This job code is utilized for the majority of our temporary hires. The individual is performing hourly job duties as defined under the Fair Labor Standards Act. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.