Purpose Manage and respond to internal and external data needs, including coordinating data requests, understanding the purpose of the requests, corresponding with data requestors to clarify data needs, and making every effort to deliver the data in an appropriate format and a timely and efficient manner. Essential Functions Extracts, cleans, and manages data from different sources by using advanced tools and by following approved processes/protocols. Performs data management functions; performs data manipulation and dataset preparation for client analyses. Receives, manages, and delivers on data requests; works with data requestors to translate data requests into logical queries using standard language and tools. Follows a documented, transparent process for each request with an overarching service orientation and customer satisfaction approach. Serves as the point person to acquaint with different data sources and understand data structures thoroughly. Studies, learns, and understands the process, data infrastructure, and organizational culture of partner institutions to facilitate access and retrieval of needed data for the broader Dell Medical School team Monitors for compliance with regulatory, internal and partner requirements (such as IRB approval, Dell Medical School policies) needed to access or share health data. Serves as an internal resource to investigators, clinicians, and faculty to answer questions related to data access, data aggregation, and data management. Works closely with analysts and informatics staff; as part of the data services core and with external data teams in Dell Medical School's partner institutions. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree and at least 5 years' experience in a data-related field such as data analytics or data base management in a healthcare or research environment. Ability to write SQL queries. Basic statistical knowledge for descriptive statistics and data cleaning/validation. Working knowledge of database management principles and various data architectures. Experience of working in interdisciplinary teams. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. The Dell Medical School is especially interested in qualified candidates who can contribute to diversity and excellence within the learning health system. At the Dell Medical School we strive to create a vital, inclusive health ecosystem. To ensure alignment, we follow these fundamental values: https://dellmed.utexas.edu/culture. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Practical understanding of advanced concepts, practices, and procedures related to the following: Data management procedures to prepare data sets for analyses. Management and analysis of large, complex clinical/non-clinical data. Translation of research questions into appropriate statistical methods. Utilization of common statistical packages such as SAS, Stata, R, or SPSS. Programming in SQL, Java, Python, or C++. Application of data privacy practices and laws to ensure privacy, confidentiality and security, including HIPAA. Knowledge pertaining to IRB/Institutional approval processes. Master's degree in medical informatics or a related field. Familiarity with EMR, claims, and/or social science data. Experience linking data that have utilized information exchange standards such as HL7. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus