Get cooking with HelloFresh! HelloFresh delivers “cook from scratch” meal plans straight to your door, with easy to follow recipe cards and high quality, pre-portioned fresh ingredients—saving time and money that you can instead spend with your loved ones! HelloFresh is the world's leading meal kit company and is expanding rapidly. Founded in November 2011, HelloFresh now operates in the U.S., the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Australia, Austria, Switzerland, and Canada. HelloFresh delivers millions of meals to millions of customers across the globe. and listed in November 2017 at the German Stock Exchange in Frankfurt. Director, Fulfillment & Delivery Technology Job Description: HelloFresh is seeking a dynamic individual to lead our fulfillment & delivery departments projects, technical and functional system activities for our corporate and field level fulfillment technology platforms to include warehouse management systems (WMS), transportation/parcel management (TMS), warehouse control systems (WCS) and business intelligence/reporting tools. You Will… Lead HelloFresh’s WMS, WCS, TMS and Integration systems for multiple distribution centers; Manage department staff at corporate location and facility field level; Manage the coordination between field level and corporate technology teams for projects, system enhancements and day to day support functions; Serve as project lead in the implementation and integration of fulfillment technology platforms; Lead and drive all phases of fulfillment technology projects including requirements gathering, functional specification, technical design, project planning, integration, test planning, implementation planning and production turnover; Plan and lead change management activities performing review of all production change control request. Promote and follow the established processes, policies, standards and procedures to assure compliance with corporate SDLC policy and standards; Drive and manage the production support triage process, represent fulfillment technology in project meetings to ensure efficient testing and defect fixing process; Responsible for identifying and oversee the development of application monitoring ensuring SLA compliance and system standards in a mission-critical, high-availability environment; Your Qualities... A critical thinker—Use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Enterprising— Seek to take up and start new projects. Able to achieve work with risk of failure. Driven for Results— Push projects to completion with a sense of urgency. Focus activities that have tangible business outcomes. Organizational & Influencing Strength—able to manage change and ensure buy-in to organizational developments. A clear communicator—with solid written and oral communications skills. Able to clearly coordinate and provide information to co-workers. At a minimum, you have... 6-10 years’ experience supporting WMS, WCS and TMS platform. Demonstrated experience managing projects and project teams Technical skills/acumen including software development methodology, systems integration experience, and knowledge of WMS, WCS and TMS integration. Possess deep technical skills including software development methodology, systems integration experience, and knowledge of WMS, WCS and TMS integration. Strong business acumen particularly in warehousing, inventory control and fulfillment. Excellent communication skills. Ability to travel when required to distribution center facilities (up to 20%) Our team is diverse, high-performing and international, helping us to create a truly inspiring work environment in which you will thrive! It is the policy of HelloFresh not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or because he or she is a protected veteran.