Database Administration support for PROD & Non-Prod systems and provide DBA services to application teams and database production support. Provide DBA support with a high degree of customer/client service, technical expertise, and timeliness. Provide accurate and creative solutions to user problems of moderate nature to ensure user productivity. Database patching, troubleshooting DB issues. What you will be doing: Installation, upgrade and patching on Oracle 11g/12C databases on Linux platforms. Establish and maintain backup and recovery processes across all DB platforms Performance Monitoring and tuning of Oracle Databases. Cloning development databases from PROD using RMAN. Independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes Assist developers with complex query tuning, schema refinement and index management Share domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to peers Work closely with the Off Shore DBA and Development teams. What we think it takes: Should be 4+ year of experience in maintaining Oracle critical production database systems. Install, Configure and support/ troubleshoot using Oracle11g and 12c in Linux environment. Very good Experience in performing Oracle Database Upgradation, Migration, and CPU/PSU Patching. Excellent experience in Implementing, Maintain, Backup and Recovery strategies using RMAN. Perform database refresh, Re-org using expdp/impdp. Performance Tuning using various tools like Statspack,AWR,TKPROF,SQL Trace,Explain Plan,SQL Profile & advisory views. System Monitoring to ensure continuous database operation. Extensive experience in Linux shell scripting. Ability to work in very dynamic environment & ready to support 24/7 production environment. Should be very good in trouble-shooting and initiate works with excellent team coordination and team work. Extensive Experience in Open-Source databases like MYSQL, PostgreSQL is added advantage. Should be able to learn new database skills in short period. LI-JL1