Overview Omni Hotels and Resorts creates genuine, authentic guest experiences at 60 distinctive luxury hotels and resorts in leading business gateways and leisure destinations across North America. Omni Hotels is known for its exemplary culture, authenticity to the markets in which we operate, innovation and exceptional service. Our commitment to career development has created tenure and loyalty that enables us to perpetuate our family atmosphere. Job Description The SQL Report and Data Strategist will work with corporate leadership to provide data driven insights to drive tactical execution of the strategic plan. The incumbent will provide data-driven insights primarily through the use of SQL scripts to assist in solving complex business problems and recommend solutions that directly impact revenue growth for the company. In addition, this Data Strategist will directly influence the tools, techniques and internal processes that advance the analytic capabilities for the Loyalty and Revenue disciplines at Omni Hotels & Resorts. Responsibilities Collaborate with Loyalty and Revenue Management to identify, prioritize and execute analytical work that enable a deep understanding of demand trends at the market level. Ability to tackle complex business problems by converting raw data into meaningful and actionable business insights. Develop reports, dashboards and tools used by the field and corporate office. Create and deliver insightful presentations that summarize complex analysis and inform business unit owners. Act as the liaison between the Loyalty Marketing, Revenue Management and Information Technology departments. Ability to write, update and troubleshoot existing complex SQL queries. Collaborate with business teams on ad-hoc analysis that uncover recent business trends and/or success of brand marketing campaigns. Respond to business report requests by following standard SDLC processes, from requirements gathering, design, QA testing, deployment and support. Engage closely with business analysts to determine reporting business needs, document and define requirements, create a plan to implement the solution and deliver on the plan. Support, maintain and troubleshoot report issues related to Microsoft Reporting Services (2008+). Maintain and support data feeds to external partners using SQL Server Integration Services (2008+). Qualifications Hands-on experience writing reports for at least 2 years using Microsoft Reporting Services (SSRS 2008+). Hands-on experience writing stored procedures (T-SQL and/or PL/SQL) in relational databases (SQL Server 2008+ and/or Oracle 10g+) for at least 2 years. Experience developing business intelligence solutions in the travel and hospitality industry is a plus. Ability to access, import, extract, transfer or load data from heterogeneous data sources ( _Oracle, SQL Server, text files_ ) using SQL agent jobs and SSIS. Acute attention to detail. Goal driven and desires to produce high customer satisfaction. Ability to work independently with minimum supervision with strong attention to detail. Ability to work flexible hours, as needed, given tight project deadlines. Ability to communicate status, issues, designs and plans to managers, peers and business partners. Ability and desire to learn new technologies quickly and manage multiple tasks. Must adhere to organizational codes of conduct and confidentiality. Bachelor’s degree required. _Omni Hotels & Resorts is an equal opportunity employer - vets/disability. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement are available using the following links: __EEOC is the Law Poster_ _and the following link is the_ _OFCCP's Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination policy statement_ _If you are interested in applying for employment with Omni Hotels & Resorts and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, please send an email to __applicationassistance@omnihotels.com_ _._