The Neuroimaging Data Analyst Junior provides support for managing and analyzing data. Responsibilities will include managing and cleaning data, querying databases to create reports and determine the accuracy of data entered; exporting/importing data between different sources; writing and editing existing code to organize data for analyses; assisting with basic statistical analyses using R and other tools; checking incoming neuroimaging data for completeness and accuracy and processing it with available scripts; communicating with other researchers to obtain missing information; and writing technical and user documentation. The successful candidate will need to develop a good understanding of neuroimaging methods and hypothesis described by various funded imaging grants in the Lab. Additional responsibilities will be assigned based on the successful candidate’s skills and interests. Opportunities for participating in publication or presentation of data are available. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree with major in Psychology, Statistics, Computer Science or related field, and 0 to 1 year of experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience, is required. Experience in biomedical or psychological research or data management preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Experience with linux/unix/bash scripting is preferred; extensive knowledge of tools useful in manipulating and converting data; facility with numbers and meticulous attention to detail; experience with statistics and statistical programming (R preferred); programming experience with one or more general-purpose programming languages preferred; capacity for learning new technical skills independently; experience with neuroimaging tools (SPM, AFNI, FSL) preferred. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.