Status: Now hiring Location: Houston, Texas 20-40 hrs per week The Patient Care Intervention Center (PCIC) is a non-profit organization whose mission is to improve quality and costs for the vulnerable in our community through data integration and care coordination. PCIC envisions a coordinated health safety net where all stakeholders share data to make better decisions. Technology plays a critical role in helping PCIC realize its mission: PCIC’s proprietary web-based electronic health record software facilitates compassionate patient care and is constantly undergoing feature updates through a rapid iterative prototyping cycle. Additionally, patient data from the health record complements several community-wide data sets that inform stakeholders which community resources are most high-yield and where service gaps still exist. PCIC is seeking experienced software developers to help build software applications in the Health Information Technology domains. We work in iterative agile model releases, where basic components of the system development life cycle are condensed into a minimum viable product that includes the minimum requirements necessary to launch a working product into the market to collect real-time feedback from our end users. As a Software Development Intern, your scope of work will be driven by priorities from the client intervention, research, and software development functions of PCIC. At PCIC, your role will include performing the following activities throughout the system development life cycle: Gather and analyze end-user data to inform product specifications Requires going on field visits to observe end-users and gather data to inform usability and feature requirements for software products. Design Includes incorporating usability and feature requirements derived from field visits into designs for databases, UI screen wireframes, application features, and functionality. Development and Testing Turning designs into working prototypes, then testing validity, performance, UI/UX ease, and security. Deployment and Maintenance Deploying products to end-users and updating them on new features. This step involves fixing bugs, collecting feedback, and documenting additional features. We expect you to be self-motivated and entrepreneurial in your work style. Successful applicants will demonstrate a penchant for creative problem solving and a commitment to our dynamic, collaborative, non-hierarchical, and ego-free culture. We value talent and ideas over a role or title, and we encourage all team members to take part in conferences and user groups, contribute to our blog, and enroll in continuing education and certification programs. If you are looking to be a part of an exceptional team, develop your career based on what you are passionate about, and have fun in the process, please connect with us! Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or Information Systems Minimum of 1 years of experience with .NET (C, ASP.NET MVC) design and development Minimum of 1 years of experience in SQL Server 2008/2012/2016 & TSQL development Minimum of 1 years of experience with scripting languages and interchanges (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, XML, and JSON) Strong foundation in OOPS concepts Preferred Requirements Experience working on electronic health record applications Experience working on HL7 and/or FHIR interfaces Ability to gather requirements, design, develop, and implement custom solutions leveraging Microsoft technologies Experience with Agile or iterative development SDLC practices Experience in developing data access with Entity Framework Experience with Microsoft IDE’s (Visual Studio, SSMS) Experience working with third-party controls (Telerik) DevOps experience with IIS, Windows Server 2008/2012, and Cloud Computing Environments Travel We anticipate no more than 5% travel for this role. Contact Information Submit your resume to support@pcictx.org