The City of Bloomington is seeking an individual to supervise, direct and participate in the operation, maintenance, replacement, development, deployment and security of the City's information infrastructure resources within established policies, procedures and guidelines as identified by the Information Technology Manager, the Executive Leadership Team, and the IT Steering Committee. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Essential Functions of the Position Confers, coordinates and plans with customers, team members and administrators to determine direction and goals. Responsible for directing/overseeing project activities including development, implementation, operation, maintenance, coordination and project contracts. Oversees/participates or coordinates activities associated with hardware, software, implementation development and other IT products and services. Coordinates design and enforcement of standards and operating procedures. Oversees/participates in the testing of various Information Technology components as necessary. Responsible for quality control standards where necessary. Coordinates and participates in the development and prioritization of work programs and schedules to support activities as described in the primary objective. Oversees and coordinates procedures to facilitate accurate and timely documentation/records. Provides leadership and guidance to IT team members as well as to project/staff participants as appropriate. Encourages and participates in the professional development/training of team members/co-workers. Assists Information Technology Manager in the preparation of the annual budget. Communicates status and other pertinent information to management and City department representatives where appropriate. Performs other duties and responsibilities as apparent or assigned. MINIMUM/DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a closely related field Minimum of five years experience with information technology design, implementation and management, including considerable experience in both administrative and project supervision Skills in administrative and technical management and budget responsibility Ability to supervise direct reports Ability to develop effective working relationships with co-workers Ability to communicate effectively and tactfully, both in writing and orally Ability to plan, organize and manage the functions and activities of a team Ability to translate technical concepts and terminology in terms understandable by non-technical staff Knowledge of and experience with computer hardware and software components Experience and knowledge in IT infrastructure Experience implementing and maintaining enterprise technology solutions Desirable Qualifications Work experience in local government Additional coursework or certifications in Computer Science or a related field Experience and knowledge of Information Security Topics Knowledge of and experience with complex data management systems Supervision of Others Supervises other IT professionals in one of the following units, as assigned: Implementation and Development Team Enterprise Solutions Team Public Works IT Team SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Full-time, non-union, exempt, benefits-eligible position. 2018 Salary Range: $ 79,850 - $114,085 Anticipated Hiring Range: $99,000 - $104,000