About JDA Software Group, Inc. _JDA Software is the leading supply chain provider powering today’s digital transformation. We help companies optimize delivery to customers by enabling them to predict and shape demand, fulfill faster and more intelligently, and improve customer experiences and loyalty. More than 4,000 global customers use our unmatched end-to-end solutions portfolio to unify and shorten their supply chains, increase speed of execution and profitably deliver to their customers. Our world-class client roster includes 73 of the top 100 retailers, 71 of the top 100 consumer goods companies, and 13 of the top 16 3PLs. Running JDA, you can_ _plan to deliver._ __ www.jda.com Position Title VP, Retail Industry Strategy, North America Location Virtual, United States Overview The Vice President of Industry Strategy is responsible for the creation of the North America Retail strategy and its Go-To-Market execution plan. The retail vertical within JDA is a fast paced, high growth segment, with an extensive portfolio of solutions that cover many of the end to end Retail processes in Grocery, Hardlines, Drug and Softlines. It is a pivotal role within the North America management team, operating in a highly collaborative manner, within a matrix organizational structure. Responsibilities Within a corporate framework, lead and collaborate with all functional heads in creating and executing the Retail strategy across North America. Map the portfolio of JDA solutions to the Retail sub verticals based on their market characteristics and opportunities for JDA. Shape the Marketing strategy and work with Partners and Alliances to support the successful execution of the plan. Actively engage with Press & PR and Industry Analysts, in support of our Retail business. Represent JDA at key external events and professional bodies. Develop Retail messaging and collateral that is localized and promotes our strategy Engage with senior Retail Executives, providing a perspective of industry trends, from both a business and technology perspective. Commercially evaluate Sales budgets and supporting pipeline, and advise on remedial action to achieve plans. Required Skills Holding senior roles within a large Retail organization, in Grocery, Convenience or Drug. Business expertise in Buying & Merchandising or Supply Chain Technology and Digital experience, with an understanding of AI, Machine Learning, Data Science and IOT. Exposure to digital transformation a distinct advantage Deep understanding of Retail trends and industry direction is essential Experience of operating within a matrix organization structure Profile Executive gravitas is a key perquisite Must be highly collaborative and a strong team player Decisive and self-directed Excellent communicator both written and verbal Education: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent desirable MBA or similar postgraduate business qualification a bonus Our Values _If you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. Ours unite us. They are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. Does your heart beat like ours? Find out_ _here._ Let’s Socialize _Join the conversation online by connecting and following us on Twitter @JDASoftware @JDACareers and Facebook (_ http://bit.ly/9s2DVE _), and LinkedIn (_ http://bit.ly/2rV4Kue _) Also, check out JDA's blog - Supply Chain Nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations at_ http://blog.jda.com _._ LI-CR1 Required Experience