Position Description Provides technical leadership in the development and implementation of technology solutions specifically focused on Public Cloud Engineering. Develops and implements standards in order to provide an enterprise level of support. Serves as a technical expert to junior level engineers. Partners with infrastructure teams to provide the business with the best possible solutions. Keeps up to date on technology trends. The Manager - Public Cloud is responsible for designing and implementing public scalable public cloud solutions in the enterprise. This is a technical leadership position. The candidate should have hands on experience with technical implementations and solutions AS WELL as the capability to market those solutions internally. Job Responsibilities Implements public cloud technology solutions requested by business units. Leads the Engineering of public cloud technology platforms supporting application environments Documents and publish standards for application patterns Works with key partners and teams define a cloud business model Establishes patterns and new design standards for infrastructure teams. Reviews metrics for quality control. Provides technical expertise and advice to programmers and other departments. Provides enterprise direction around BCP and DR processes Represents the infrastructure organization to LoB teams that will help define future direction around Public Cloud designs and usage Ensures a risk management mindset when considering Public Cloud solutions Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Preferable Certifications: Amazon, Microsoft, Linux, Puppet, Ansible, Redhat, or comparable experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering or related science or relevant experience 10+ Years Red Hat Linux, Windows, Networking, and/ or Storage expert. 5+ Years working with financial firms. Very strong experience in public Cloud Architectures such as AWS, Azure, Google Amazon AWS Cloud products (EC2, S3, Elastic Beanstalk, RDS/Aurora, Lambda/ Kinesis, ELB, Glacier, ECS, API Gateway, Step Functions, Glue, SES/SQS, etc.) Experience around 0365 and Exchange Online solutions Familiarity with Openshift Docker/Swarm Container platforms Strong DevOps/ CI/CD process architecture/engineering, Jenkins, GIT, Source Code tools. Extensive experience with AWS CloudFormation, including advanced concepts (helper scripts, lifecycle hooks, update policies, config sets, wait conditions, custom resources, etc). Strong familiarity with Puppet, Python, Shell Scripting, Perl, NFS/SAN, DNS. Proficient operating in a VMware based infrastructure. Engineering and architecting enterprise grade solutions for hardware and Software issues. Familiar with Oracle, MYSQL, Java, Tomcat, Weblogic, NodeJS, Apache, NGinX F5 LTM/GTM familiarity as well as general application delivery and routing concepts. Splunk experience 7+ years working experience with a broad range of technical solution around technology architectures, solution design, and cloud implementations. Must be proficient with engineering solutions focused on Cloud offerings- preferably AWS, but also experience with Azure/ Google. Ally Overview Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering financial products for consumers, businesses, automotive dealers and corporate clients. Ally's legacy dates back to 1919, and the company was redesigned in 2009 with a distinctive brand, innovative approach and relentless focus on its customers. Ally has an award-winning online bank (member FDIC), one of the largest full service auto finance operations in the country, a complementary auto-focused insurance business, a growing digital wealth management and online brokerage platform, and a trusted corporate finance business offering capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies. Business Unit/Enterprise Function Ally's Information Technology (IT) organization is focused on supporting and improving the position of our industry-leading business franchises through cost effective, innovative IT solutions, as well as overseeing critical functions that enable the day-to-day operations of the entire Ally Financial enterprise. IT is also responsible for the administration and execution of information protection, disaster recovery and IT risk management. Total Rewards Information Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and bonus pay potential based on achieving personal and company goals. Plus, we have a flexible paid time-off program with an emphasis on work-life balance. Ally offers a variety of benefits to protect your health and well-being, provide financial security and balance your work-life needs including: Industry-leading 401K Retirement Savings Plan including Matching and Company Contributions Comprehensive wellness program with financial incentives designed to help you achieve your best health Flexible health insurance options including dental and vision Pre-tax Health Savings Account with generous employer contributions Pre-tax dependent care and commuter benefits Other work-life integration benefits including Paid Parental & Caregiver Leave, Adoption Assistance, Back-up Child & Adult/Elder Care, Child Care Discounts, Tuition Reimbursement, LifeMatters Employee Assistance Program, Weight Watchers and other employee discount programs Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.