We are looking for a candidate to be a part of the eMoney Advisor Information Security team responsible for securing eMoney Advisor’s information technology environment. Reporting into the Chief Security Officer, the candidate will be accountable for managing the day-to-day security operational availability, supportability and sustainability of a 24x7x365 infrastructure. eMoney is looking for a “hands-on” Information Security Analyst to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our client and employee data. We want someone passionate about Information Security and who can stay on top of the latest threats and attack vectors. If this sounds like you and you’re up to the challenge keep reading. Responsibilities Make recommendations on enhancements to existing and new security hardware, software or related tools. Assist in evaluating, planning, configuration, and implementation of new/existing security applications/tools. Perform risk analysis for corporate functional and technical areas relevant to data security. Configure, implement, monitor, and support security software/systems that will help ensure compliance with regulatory, industry, and corporate policies and procedures. This includes but is not limited to IDS/IPS (Host/Network/Wireless), secure file transfer, DLP, Full Disk encryption, firewall rule assessments, log management/correlation, secure password storage/retrieval, Application Whitelisting, vulnerability management, etc. Ensure security best practices are identified and integrated into all facets of the project including network, system designs/configuration, and implementations. Identify and recommend potential areas where existing data security policies and procedures require change, or where a supplement is required to mitigate key security risks. Partner with various business units to enhance security policies/procedures. Create and maintain data security documentation, policies and procedures. Recommend and enforce technical service level standards and procedures for data security. Assists in the identification, response, investigation, and remediation of potential breaches of and issues surrounding data security. Responsible for executing programs for user awareness, compliance monitoring, and security compliance; maintaining information security devices and software; monitoring compliance procedures; and resolving security policy issues. Responsible for providing support during off hours for information security related issues. Track data security issues to closure in a timely manner by partnering with business units, communicating solutions, and verifying remediation. All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems, or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required Security certification such as CISSP, CISM, etc. 5 - 7 years of information security experience including project management and security concepts for technology systems High degree of proficiency MS Office Suite, Outlook & Internet applications Strong analytical, prioritizing, interpersonal, problem-solving, presentation, budgeting, project management (from conception to completion), & planning skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated collaborative skills and ability to work well within a team Ability to work with and influence peers and senior management Ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment Self-motivated with critical attention to detail, deadlines and reporting