Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Business Analyst in State and Local for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Evaluate integrator and client deliverables related to requirements specification, process analysis, system-based and manual controls, functional design, and test plans for government accounting systems Conduct on-going reviews of integrator deliverables through system development life cycle (SDLC) Evaluate risks related to requirements management, business process definition, testing processes, internal controls, project communications, training, and organizational change management Review business process and information security controls to help provide effective, efficient, and secure access to information within applications Clearly communicate business functional issues to various levels of clients and internal staff Establish standards by which deliverables will be measured, understand the process used to create the deliverables, review deliverables against established standards, and identify gaps and root causes Qualifications: A minimum of one year of experience as a business analyst during the system and/or user acceptance testing planning or execution of a health and human services engagement in a team environment Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university preferably in business, human services, management information systems, computer science, or public policy Demonstrated experience with application development, system evaluations and support for health and human services, including unemployment, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, Medicaid Management Information Systems, and child services Statewide Automated Child Welfare Information Systems Strong understanding of data models and typical SDLC phases Demonstrated experience assisting other organizations in reviewing or implementing Information Technology Infrastructure Library standards Applied experience related to Enterprise Architecture and Service Oriented Architecture Travel may be up to 80-100% Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.