Chinese Speaking Open Source Research Analyst: We are seeking full-time research analysts with professional reading proficiency in Chinese and one to five years of professional experience to conduct ground-breaking open source research on a variety of foreign affairs and national security issues in our Los Angeles office. This opportunity is an immediate opening and will be available on an ongoing basis until positions are filled. Requirements: The successful candidate will be intelligent, accomplished, and energetic as demonstrated by his or her academic and professional credentials. The analyst position requires creative and proactive critical thinking skills, an insatiable appetite for foreign affairs and international policy, experience finding and researching online and offline information resources, strong written and oral communication skills, and an ability to manage priorities in meeting deadlines. Candidates must have professional reading proficiency in Chinese that will enable them to proficiently conduct open source research in Chinese. Individuals with additional experience in business intelligence research, conflict and illicit finance analysis, banking sector risk management and compliance, and other national security-related matters may wish to apply. Submissions: Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and research-based writing sample between 3 and 10 pages. About Us: The Camstoll Group is a tight-knit, fast growing sanctions and illicit finance research and advisory firm with decades of combined government and private sector experience combating the world's most complex national security and financial crime challenges. Utilizing proprietary open-source research methods, network analysis, and data analytics, we generate insights into today's most complex policy, regulatory, and competitive challenges. In particular, we are experts in assessing and analyzing markets impacted by regulatory risk, sanctioned actors, political upheaval, violent conflict, and corruption. Our clients are financial institutions, multinational corporations, law firms, and governments. Benefits: Competitive salary Health Insurance 401k Free parking or subsidized Metro Pass Weekly catered lunches Fully stocked kitchen with gourmet coffee, healthy snacks and beverages Collaborative & modern open plan workspace