Housekeeping Attendant - PRN - All Shifts Job Number: 18000098 Category: Skilled Trade/Facilities Mgmt. Location: 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX Department: 868500 - Environmental Service Full/Part Time/PRN: Variable Regular/Temporary: Regular Schedule: Per Diem - PRN We are looking forhighly motivated, detail oriented, energetic employees to help bring smiles toour patient’s faces! This position isPRN.APRN employeeworks when called, to fill in for anabsentemployeeor to cover a special situation. PRN positions are a great option for a parttime schedule andcan help you get your foot in the door. To apply please be sureto fill in your full application with work history going back at least7yrs. Should you be extended an offer this data is used for a backgroundcheck and accuracy is required. Security This position issecurity-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizesUT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information Salary Salary Negotiable Experience and Education High school diploma or equivalent strongly preferred; read/write English. Previous experience in housekeeping functions is prefer but not required. Customer service highly recommended. Schedule Must be able to work 1-3shifts per week. 1stshift 6am-2:30pm, 7am-3:30pm, 8am-4:30pm or 9am-5:30pm 2ndshift 3pm-11:30pm 3rdshift 11pm-7:30am Mustbe available to work weekends and holidays. Job Duties Cleans and maintains patient care, staff and visitor areas. Performs terminal cleaning procedures of patient rooms. Dusts furniture, woodwork, equipment and dust-mops floors. Gathers and disposes of trash and waste materials. Wet-mops rooms, halls, stairways and public areas. Attends educational programs and in-service meetings as required. Completes and maintains all job performance requirements and standards as established in Career Ladder Program, including disciplinary action section. Maintains required records, reports and statistics as directed. Other Duties: Performsother duties as assigned. UTSouthwesternMedical Center is committed to an educational and working environment thatprovides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. Inaccordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawfuldiscrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion;national origin; gender, including sexual harassment; age; disability;citizenship; and veteran status. In addition, it is UTSouthwestern policyto prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity,or gender expression.gender expression.