HID Global powers the trusted identities of the world’s people, places and things. We make it possible for people to transact safely, work productively and travel freely. Our trusted identity solutions give people secure and convenient access to physical and digital places and connect things that can be accurately identified, verified and tracked digitally. Millions of people around the world use HID products and services to navigate their everyday lives, and over 2 billion things are connected through HID technology. We work with governments, educational institutions, hospitals, financial institutions, industrial businesses and some of the most innovative companies on the planet. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 3,000 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global® is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com. The Applications Systems Administrator provides technical leadership in the support of HID Global’s Cornerstone on Demand Cloud applications for performance, learning, and talent management modules. This role is responsible for the support, design, development, implementation, delivery, and maintenance of the application and will collaborate with IT and business colleagues to troubleshoot, update, validate and deploy integration updates. Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Within the Cornerstone on Demand (CSOD) application: Manage and solve CSOD Application Support tickets Provide technical leadership, guidance, best practices and offer solutions Administer user access and security roles/profiles, following international data protection guidelines Maintain Configuration Workbook, Change Management Process documents, Procedures and other pertinent system documentation Be the CSOD technical SME involved in implementations, upgrades, integrations with other systems, and other projects Assist in gathering and documenting business and systems requirements Collaborate with content and business process owners to implement application changes and identify opportunities for process and quality improvements Coordinate the review, testing and implementation of upgrades or patches. Collaborate with functional and technical staff to apply the upgrade or fix. Communicate with stakeholders regarding timelines, potential system outages, user impact, etc. Provide custom and ad hoc reporting for internal and external compliance and audit requests Use and support the use of Articulate and/or Adobe Articulate SCORM authoring systems. Upload, test, publish all learning types Enforce data integrity Education and/or Experience Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience. Minimum 3 years of HRIS or Learning Management. Functional HR knowledge a must. 2+ years’ experience with Cornerstone on Demand Administrator role (configurable system security administration). Experience in the following Cornerstone on Demand modules: Performance, learning, and talent management modules. Experience working with SuccessFactors is considered to be an asset. Basic understanding of SCORM authoring systems. Articulate Storyline and/or Adobe Articulate preferred. Experience in technical development, implementation, upgrade and testing activities Integration support. Team member on medium- to large scale full lifecycle projects. Strong attention to detail, and the proven ability to take initiative, make independent decisions, exercise sound judgment and develop creative solutions. Proven experience with basic Project Management practices and tools Ability to maintain the highest level of discretion, diplomacy and confidentiality. Ability to work independently and manage multiple task assignments. Work cooperatively and effectively with others to set goals, resolve issues, and make informed decisions. Strong customer service mindset. Language Skills Strong written and oral communication skills with an ability to translate complex data for a variety of audiences. Ability to effectively communicate in the English language, verbal and written. Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc. Computer/Other Skills Strong skills with Microsoft Office products (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) Proficient in the use of Microsoft Project and Microsoft Visio Comfortable in a “virtual” environment and with the use of collaboration tools (e.g. SharePoint, Webex, Skype, Instant Messaging, etc.) Strong analytical skills Detail-oriented with strong organizational skills Customer Expectations Address requests and issues with urgency and pleasant disposition. Provide clear and proactive communication. Identify root cause of problems and provide training and corrective action to prevent reoccurrence. Inform key stakeholders of system related impacts in advance of changes or upgrades. Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Employee works primarily in an office environment, within a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels. Work Requirements Compliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems. Travel and fieldwork including international travel, therefore employee must possess or can acquire a valid US Passport. Must be legally eligible to work in the United States. HID Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran If you have a disability which limits your ability to apply online, please contact us at [email protected] to submit your expression of interest in a position with our Company