Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Relocation Provided: AIG Technologies,Inc.(US) ntegration and Delivery Services Executive (IDE) will acts as the single point of contact for infrastructure and Application requirements and leverage their leadership, technical and influencing skills to deliver solutions as they pertain to Business outcomes. The person will be responsible for covering one the line of businesses ( Commercial, Consumer ,Corporate) within AIG and will be the primary interface to the CIOs and the teams within the Commercial , Consumer and Corporate IT development organization. In addition the position also requires to work closely with the Business partners of these Lines of Businesses. Ensures the quality of all IT services delivered by the Technology Services Infrastructure team / AIG Technologies to the development organizations, tracks service performance and directs service improvement activities to improve service and cost. Influences business demand patterns and ensures alignment of business demand for infrastructure services (both current and future) with the Infrastructure team's portfolio/products. Maintains senior executive relationships within both the Infrastructure organization and within the Commercial , Consumer and Corporate IT Development organization. Plans, facilitates and/or conducts complex negotiations around commitments and service level agreements. Manages all aspects of customer satisfaction on across the development organizations. Ensures understanding of the Commercial, Consumer & Corporate Business Solutions l business objectives by product, by region, by county and globally, and makes process and technology recommendations to executives as necessary to promote the replication best practice / best of breed items. Evaluates and enhances the organization's tools, processes and methods based on current industry standards. Works closely with shared service executives and internal Infrastructure- TS leadership team to achieve overall operational effectiveness of the IT infrastructure operations - meeting the delivery and availability needs of business partners. Ensures efficient management of assigned resources Ensures proper understanding of and translates business expectations and strategies for the TS Infrastructure team. Ensures proper understanding and translation of IT strategy, performance capacity, risks and issues for the Business Solutions organizations. Negotiate the increase in service provision, performance or capacity in representation of consolidated business requests with the capability towers (Compute, Network & Workplace Services). Escalation path for business executive when local/assigned business relationship managers are not performing as expected. Continuous improvement focus for the Integration and Delivery Services team and the various capability towers. Responsible for Executive Level reporting. And lastly the individual that will be successful in this role is the one that will have the buck stops at me attitude. This role is not a coordination facilitation role. Hence critical that the individual is execution and delivery focused. The role requires individuals to role up their sleeves and get the job done if need be. Job Requirements: Must Have Skills: Strong influencing and communication skills. Should be able to operate/traverse at all levels of the organization- Up, Down and lateral Strong broad technical skills across application Development, Devops And Cloud. The individual must have led delivery organizations in their past experiences- Either as an Application Development Head, Application Support head or some Infrastructure vertical head. Should have experience integrating complex technical solutions either into the cloud environment or within internal Datacentres. High and deep understanding of data analytics and how to convert data into meaningful information for partners across Business and IT. High degree of EQ- Emotional Quotient. The position requires to work with very senior CIOs /CTOs and how to manage conflicting business priorities while remaining focused on execution and “ how “ the execution happens. Strong sense of Ownership and Accountability with an “operational attitude” towards day to day workings-Since the role is global , the individual will need to be flexible towards working global hours . Will be required to travel – both domestic and international. High focus on understanding and meeting the strategic needs of the Business Solutions organization. Innovation management and business acumen. Financial acumen- Will be required to understand internal allocation and charge back methodologies, and educate/communicate to IT and business partners. Manages a team of 4-10 Integration and Delivery Services Managers. It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives