_Science and Technology on a Mission!_ For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place. We have an opening for a Physical Security Systems Analyst/Performance Test Coordinator. You will provide oversight of all performance testing activities and be responsible for identifying and documenting performance test standards related to the security protection strategies. This position is with the Assurance Management Office within the Security Organization (SO). Essential Duties Provide oversight of all physical security systems performance testing activities, and maintain compliance with all applicable DOE orders, manuals, and internal documents. Identify and document performance standards and thresholds for relevant security elements. Plan, schedule, and conduct performance tests as an Exercise Director/Senior Controller. Prepare written reports by analyzing and compiling data and recommending and collaborating on solutions associated with self-assessments, effectiveness reviews, and performance tests. Recommend corrective actions based on findings on self-assessments/audits; initiate and implement corrective actions for a security discipline(s). Responsible for ensuring effective implementation of performance testing program, documenting observations and issues identified in a comprehensive report. Chair the Performance Testing Working Group, responsible for implementing, scheduling, and developing test objectives and criteria; analyze performance test results to identify attributes that could be changed to improve performance. Author the quarterly Performance Analysis Report, which describes the effectiveness of the testing; interact with management staff to ensure seamless data/report delivery, and problem resolution. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a security discipline, business or project management, or equivalent combination of education/training and related experience. Complete knowledge, understanding and experience applying organization practices/policies, and security principles, advanced regulatory requirements, techniques, standards, processes, concepts, practices, and systems for more than one area within a security discipline. Experience conducting self-assessments and interpreting audit requirements for multiple areas within a security discipline. Experience applying organization requirements and regulations governing multiple areas within a security discipline for participating in the development and implementation of security procedures and assessing impacts on short and long-term organization goals. Experience working independently developing solutions, corrective actions, policies and procedures for a variety of security disciplines. Possess advanced judgment and critical thinking to understand and evaluate systems' and components' performance test effectiveness. Advanced effective verbal and written communication skills sufficient to direct, present, and coordinate with all levels of management and staff internal and external to the Laboratory. Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Office applications. Desired Qualifications Knowledge of DOE Order 470.4B, Safeguards and Security Program, DOE Order 470.3C, Design Basis Threat, and DOE Order 473.3A, Protection Program Operations. Pre-Placement Medical Exam: A job related pre-placement medical examination may be required. Pre-Employment Drug Test: External applicant(s) selected for this position will be required to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test. Security Clearance: This position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level clearance. If you are selected, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. Q-level clearance requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold multiple citizenships (U.S. and another country), you may be required to renounce your non-U.S. citizenship before a DOE L or Q clearance will be processed/granted. Note: This is a Career Indefinite position. Lab employees and external candidates may be considered for this position. About Us Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), located in the San Francisco Bay Area (East Bay), is a premier applied science laboratory that is part of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) within the Department of Energy (DOE). LLNL's mission is strengthening national security by developing and applying cutting-edge science, technology, and engineering that respond with vision, quality, integrity, and technical excellence to scientific issues of national importance. The Laboratory has a current annual budget of about $1.8 billion, employing approximately 6,500 employees. LLNL is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.