Fresh Consulting is a creative digital consulting firm located in Bellevue, WA. We design and develop fresh experiences to help our clients grow through online strategies and building new technologies. Because we partner with clients from concept to delivery, we execute with speed and agility. Are you a talented Full-Stack Web Developer who wants to work on cutting edge web projects? Our collaborative team of consultants delivers results across multiple verticals and technology platforms to mid-size and enterprise clients. At Fresh Consulting you will experience a dynamic work environment with a talented team, excellent benefits, and an innovative culture. Core Responsibilities Architect and develop websites for client and internal projects (web apps, e-commerce, marketing/campaign websites, etc.) Consult on client projects Handle multiple client and internal projects simultaneously Required Skills Strong full-stack web development experience in PHP and/or .NET Experience with Object Oriented Programming and MVC design Experience with Relational Databases: MySQL, MS SQL, etc. Experience with Source Code Management: Git, SVN, etc. Dedication to produce clean code that validates and follows industry coding style standards Excellent organization and communication skills, both verbal and written Work collaboratively with a team Debugging and problem solving skills Some experience with cross-browser, platform, and device manual/automated testing Desired Skills Experience with WordPress UI/UX skill and understanding of Usability Experience with CSS pre-processors: LESS and Sass Some experience with front-end frameworks: Twitter Bootstrap, Foundation, etc Basic knowledge of SEO, hNews, Microformats Experience with optimizing website performance Additional CMS experience: Magento, Drupal, Joomla Additional back-end programming languages: Ruby on Rails, Python, etc. Experience with Javascript MV frameworks: AngularJS, Backbone.js, Ember.js, etc. Experience with development tools: Grunt, Bower, node, etc. Experience with third-party APIs (JSON, XML, Ajax) Experience with web fonts and icon fonts Education A minimum of a Bachelor Degree in the areas of Computer Science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, social sciences or business/marketing or related fields. Advanced degrees are preferred such as MBA/MS.