THINX, Inc. is a small and agile team of go-getters who value opinions of all shapes and sizes. Your unique presence will make an immediate impact on the company's bottom line and contribute to our long-term success (we've big plans underway!). You'll have the opportunity to work directly with our design, growth marketing, digital product, engineering, operations, content, and customer experience teams to provide real menstruating humans with the best, most innovative period solutions products. Bottom line: We're a tight-knit team of passionate people working toward common goals. The IT Administrator has responsibility for overseeing timely delivery of high quality IT service to our organization. This requires knowledge of the software and hardware systems being utilized (Apple, Windows, Canon Printer, Verizon/Spectrum ISP (with failover), Synology NAS, networking, Firewall, IR TV, Voice, Cloud based SaaS software, Domains/Servers, Building Access, Video/Security etc.) as well as strong project management and interpersonal communication skills. RESPONSIBILITIES Identify, diagnose and resolve hardware, software and connectivity issues reported by team members. Manage all aspects of our network, including switching, routing, firewall administration. Proactively and continuously monitor the health of all networks (LAN/WLAN/WAN/VPN), security devices, power sources, voice circuits, bandwidth utilization, physical and virtual appliances as well as supporting infrastructure to ensure continuous and uninterrupted availability of resources critical to the operational needs of the business Implement, and oversee the compliance with company security policies, standards and procedures - user password rules, access roles, etc. Implement and maintain the business directory services, identity management systems, monitoring applications, malware protection, all keys and access to various software systems both locally and SaaS (cloud) based Responsible for system backup, recovery and retention of all data on our Synology NAS Maintain inventory and assignment of Laptops, telephones, peripherals, and related technology equipment. Set up laptops for new team members with appropriate software. Image hard drives before laptops repurposed. Specify and requisition all Laptops and related technology equipment, keep all systems up to date Monitor health and access to servers/domains/droplets, currently hosted or maintained on Heroku, DigitalOcean, GoDaddy, NameCheap, AWS QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years’ experience in IT, looking to level up. Interest in scaling an IT infrastructure and team with a rapidly growing organization Strong understanding of SaaS-based software, creating and maintaining access roles across dozens of services, creating and running helpdesk systems Strong experience with Mac OS X, Windows 10, Canon printer, Synology software, Card/Door access systems, Video security environments Intermediate understanding of network protocols and technologies (TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VPN, VoIP, SMTP, HTTP/HTTPS, etc.) PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS Strong written and verbal communication skills Analytical problem solver, detail oriented Comfortable talking about periods and pee Keeps up to date with latest technology trends Thrives in agile, fast-paced environment working on a small team, wearing many different hats Interest in starts ups, ecommerce, software engineering and data analytics preferred about THINX Our mission at THINX is to create the most innovative period solutions that empower our people and sustain our planet while breaking taboos about menstruation and reproductive health everywhere. Our innovations in period- proof underwear have been recognized by top industry publications: Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2017, Entrepreneur Magazine’s 100 Most Brilliant Companies of 2016, and TIME Magazine’s Top 25 Inventions of 2015. about Icon Icon is on a mission to eliminate anxiety and raise awareness of pelvic floor health for the 1 in 3 women who pee a little when they run, jump, dance, cough, or sneeze. Our patented pee-proof underwear let ladies kick pantyliners (and the lame stigma of bladder leaks) to the curb. Icon's innovative underwear are absorbent, washable, and a wee bit sexy. Equally committed to helping sisters around the world, through a partnership with the Fistula Foundation, every pair of Icon sold helps fund life-changing surgeries for women in developing countries.