Job Description Position Overview/Description: Ford’s re-entry program is a temporary assignment for those with an extended employment break (2 or more years) in their field who are looking to re-launch their careers. This is a supplemental position with provisions and benefits different from a regular full-time position. All positions have a six-month duration. Upon successful completion of the program, a full-time employment offer could be made. Department Description: The mission of the Operations, Process, Tools and Metrics (OPTM) department is to ensure consistent implementation of robust and efficient processes and tools, including metrics reporting within the IT Operations (ITO) and Product Driven Organization (PDO) which is the application development and support entity. We provide cross-organizational coordination across ITO and PDO, including implementation of IT Service Management services and processes. We strive for operational excellence in everything we do. This role will be part of OPTM department under the Operations Process team. The Operations Process Analyst role supports the ITO Global Technology Management (GTM) organization by ensuring communication of managerial and operational metrics to all areas of IT management. The team is also the communications hub for the GTM organization, plans, and coordinates events that highlight ongoing GTM activities. Responsibilities: Attend the Daily Operations Review (DOR) meeting to learn about impactful IT events. Ensure that IT processes are followed by support teams after an impactful IT event. Collaborate with the Operational Metrics team on the creation of presentations that communicate Business Impact to IT Management and Business Customers. Manage and/or support internal and external events and meetings hosted by our Global Technical Management (GTM) organization. Prepare materials such as presentations, flyers, posters and videos to support key announcements. Ensure communications adhere to brand standards and internal policies. Oversee ways to share IT news with the entire GTM community (Podcasts, Tech Talks, Lunch and Learns, etc.) Create effective communications content about important updates, news, events and changes so teams that are part of GTM are informed and feel connected. Support the maintenance of websites, including creating and revising content as necessary. Design templates and create or modify graphics for various types of communications. Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree 2+ years of Information Technology experience with ITIL process such as Incident Management, Change Management and Problem management. Preferred Qualifications: Strong written and verbal communication skills with attention to detail and quality Creative and organized problem-solver who can plan and execute on multiple projects simultaneously and independently. A demonstrated ability to collaborate with cross functional, global teams. Have an innovative, continuous improvement mindset. Self-starter who can work with minimal direction and oversight. Strong time management, coordination and organizational skills. ITIL certification Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Excel) and SharePoint skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, you discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.