The Boston Office of Milliman, Inc. provides property & casualty actuarial consulting services to a wide range of clients. We are currently seeking qualified candidates for an entry-level actuarial analyst position in our Wakefield, MA location. Interested individuals should submit a cover letter, resume, and unofficial transcript. Candidates should be bright, talented, hard-working, have a strong math background, and be interested in pursuing the actuarial exams. We are interested in candidates with up to two years of related experience and up to three actuarial exams passed. Key responsibilities include: developing and using actuarial models; reconciling data; problem-solving using spreadsheets, databases, and other resources to synthesize and analyze information; drafting written reports and preparing other correspondence; presenting results to colleagues, consultants, and clients; and sitting for actuarial exams. Candidates should meet the following criteria: 4-year bachelor’s degree in actuarial science, mathematics, statistics, or another major with quantitative course work; up to two years of related experience; up to three actuarial exams; strong technical and analytical skills; strong verbal and written communication skills; advanced knowledge of Excel and Word required; and knowledge of Access, PowerPoint, VBA, SAS, R, and/or @Risk preferred. The salary level for actuarial analysts depends on work experience and the number of exams passed. Milliman provides exam assistance by offering paid study time, paying for certain exam-related expenses, and rewarding the successful completion of exams. We encourage all interested individuals to learn more about our company through our website: www.milliman.com. Other useful actuarial websites include www.beanactuary.org and www.casact.org. Must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or anytime in the future. Qualifications Behaviors Preferred Innovative : Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking Enthusiastic : Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest Detail Oriented : Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Motivations Preferred Self-Starter : Inspired to perform without outside help Entrepreneurial Spirit : Inspired to perform well by an ability to drive new ventures within the business Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.