Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. Snapchat is the camera used by millions of people every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly curated content from top publishers. In short, we are a passionate team working hard to build the best platform in the world for communication and storytelling. We’re looking for a LEO Specialist to join Team Snapchat! Working cross- functionally across the company, you will be tasked with optimizing team productivity by iterating on existing tools and processes and developing new ones. Your work will result in streamlined workflows, improved processes, and ultimately, a better experience for Snapchatters everywhere. You’ll become a subject matter authority in multiple domains by owning projects from beginning to finish and facilitating cross-team communication. As a member of the Law Enforcement Operations team, you will drive engineering support to handle incoming requests from domestic and international law enforcement and outbound communication. Working from our Los Angeles headquarters, you’ll collaborate with the Legal, Customer Operations, and Engineering teams to assist law enforcement and protect Snapchatters. What you’ll do: \--------------------- Work cross-functionally to enhance and identify improvements to workflows and tooling for law enforcement case processing and emergency situations Accurately review, index, and process various types of legal requests from domestic and international law enforcement Find automation opportunities to identify and mitigate risk Enhance our operational workflows via process improvements Use data to influence decisions and give voice to user impacting issues Anticipate project risks, provide escalation management, negotiate with decision makers, and balance business needs versus technical constraints Minimum qualifications: \----------------------- 3+ years of project management experience Bachelor's degree in political science, sociology, computer science, criminal justice, philosophy, or another related area of study Preferred qualifications: 1+ year(s) experience working in law enforcement, legal, compliance, or a related field Experience managing multiple projects end to end Ability to work directly with highly technical engineering teams and management Excellent project management experience with ability to adhere to tight deadlines and shifting priorities Ability to work independently as well as cross-functionally across an organization Track record of using data to influence and drive decisions Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience working within a content moderation environment strongly preferred A passion for Snapchat, keeping people safe, and creativity! At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations- ext@snap.com ( accommodations-ext@snap.com ).