Office of Federal TRiO. This is a subsidy conditioned appointment. The Academic Services Officer (ETS Academic Coordinator) is responsible for coordinating the Educational Talent Search (ETS) project. The position requires the ability to manage time, multi-task, and function successfully with little supervision. It includes providing pre-college awareness and assistance to participants and their families at target schools and their communities. This individual will also assist the director and assistant director with other duties and grant related responsibilities as necessary. Specifically, the Academic Services Officer II (ETS Academic Coordinator) has responsibility for the ETS academic program including participant recruitment, enrollment, needs assessment, and the ITSS Tutorial Program, Successful ETS participant enrollment and completion in Advanced Placement Courses. PSAT-SAT and MME test preparation services. Target school site responsibility for compliance with Federal program requirements. The Academic Coordinator sits on the ETS College Council, and is responsible for implementation of ETS collaborations with, Target School Teachers, Administrators, Parents, Counselors, Community and WSU Unique Duties Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Education, Student Affairs, Human Services, Curriculum & Instruction or a related field required for ASO I. Masters degree required for ASO II. Certified H.S. Instructor, or Licensed Practical Counselor. (LPC). Experience Designing, Managing or Implementing Similar Programs. Five years related experience and/or training in managing tutorial, standardized test preparation, supplemental instruction or AP programs, or implementing academic college readiness initiatives. Experience with federal TRIO programs is strongly preferred. Willing to become familiar with TRIO regulations that govern program policies and procedures. Strong desire to promote educational achievement and opportunity. Training in growth mindset interventions and underrepresented students is preferred. The ability to work independently and effectively with staff, participants, parents, community partners and school personnel of diverse backgrounds and varying educational levels. Must be competent with online/alternative learning support technologies and methods. Computer skills to effectively conduct electronically based business, communication, record keeping, presentations, and utilization of campus resources. Competent in evaluating and mentoring the performance of others for success. Competence in decision making, organization, and time management skills with a high attention to details. Requires day, evening, and occasional weekend hours and travel; college committee assignments; professional development; and other duties as assigned. Possess a valid driver's license with a good driving record. Reliable transportation. Multi-year grant funded position by the U.S. Department of Education. Preferred Qualifications Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State University is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other underrepresented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full-Time Job Category Faculty and Academic Staff Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 05-01-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: submit application via WSU's Online Hiring System Represented Position Message