This position is responsible for the leading the quality assurance team, administering and/or implementing programs within the Plasma Logistics Centers. This role is responsible for ensuring the PLC facility has overall compliance with CSL Operating Procedures, applicable State, Federal or International Regulatory requirements. Frequent reporting of the facility’s, compliance status to Operational and Quality management is required. This position has primary responsibility for the Quality receipt and release of plasma product shipments, and supervises the daily activities of the PLC Quality Systems Associate. 1 Supervises, prioritizes and directs the daily activities of the PLC Quality System Associate (QSA). Ensures that required activities related to handling of unsuitable units are completed. 2 Primary responsibility for the Quality Assurance release of plasma from the PLC in accordance with company SOPs. Verifies that all shipment contents meet SOP, regulator and customer specification requirements prior to release. Maintains a thorough working knowledge of customer requirements to identify and prevent potential shipment errors. Utilizes the integrated and plasma inventory management system LOGIC to prepare and release plasma shipments. 3 Responsible for oversight and periodic audits, to confirm the process of managing lookbacks and other unacceptable units is properly performed by the QSA according to current SOPs for each of the systems in use at the PLC. 4 Primary responsibility for the verification of incoming shipments of source or recovered plasma to the PLC. Performs quality acceptance functions in LOGIC as appropriate after ensuring that shipment meets all temperature, labeling and documentation requirements. Manages all information regarding any nonconformity noted within the appropriate system and maintain hard-copy documentation to provide customer-specified information to final consignee at time of shipment. 5 Ensures the quality review of both incoming and outgoing shipments of intermediates (cryoprecipitate, pastes). Confirms customer supplied material is accurately selected and packed for shipment to the final consignee and appropriate documentation regarding any nonconformities is maintained and provided to the customer per specification. 6 Maintains the PLC feedback system utilized to notify CSL and recovered plasma centers in the event of nonconformities noted during the plasma acceptance process. These nonconformities may include, but are not limited to, temperature excursions, documentation errors, damage due to inappropriate packaging and paperwork discrepancies. Verifies affected plasma is in the appropriate quality status, and works with the responsible stakeholders to resolve issues that result in the appropriate disposition of plasma. Tracks and trends incoming exceptions and provides data to Manager for analysis and further action. 7 When required, investigates and documents deviations noted as a result of routine compliance reviews, internal/external audits and/or customer complaints. Gather appropriate data to determine root cause. Collaborates with Operations and QA Management in the development of appropriate corrective action and follows up to ensure timely closely of deviation reports. Coordinates exchange of information and follows-up activities with Corporate Customer Complaint Management per current SOPs. 8 Manages oversight of temperature-monitoring systems & devices at the facility. Monitors the computer-control (facility temperature control system) on a daily basis to ensure system is functioning properly and those acceptable temperatures are being maintained throughout the system. Reviews temperature charts and logs on a weekly basis (at time of change) to ensure documentation is complete, accurate and within acceptable limits. 9 Responsible for the management of temperature deviations when noted at the PLC facility, during inbound shipment of plasma to the PLC, or outbound shipments when reported by CSL representatives in the EU. Collects all appropriate data regarding storage and transportation temperatures throughout the life of the product form the time of collection. Analyzes data to ensure all records are complete, and submits package for final disposition review by Regulatory Affairs. 10 Oversees the Product Disposition process and documentation maintenance. Receives requests from CSL centers and other facilities for final product disposition verification for released to FDA and other auditors. Maintains appropriate documentation for all electronic and manual systems used at the PLC to ensure timely access to Product disposition information. 11 Conduct monthly process audits at the PLC. Monitors the performance of warehouse and QA staff against SOP and regulatory requirements following established checklists. Documents any nonconformity noted and works with Operations and QA management to develop appropriate corrective action plans to ensure continued compliance. 12 Ensures PLC calibration requirements are performed and meet standards. Maintains a calibration calendar and schedules appropriate re-calibrations when due. Performs semi-annual calibration of temperature probes associated with the computer-control system. 13 Leads in the development of SOPs and training materials for cGMP, Quality Systems, Safety & Operational procedures as required. Delivers quality systems training to warehouse associates. Maintains training records for facility employees, ensuring that all documentation is complete and accurate prior to employee being released to perform their duties without direct supervision. Oversees on-site record retention process. 14 Collects data related to established PLC QA key performance indicators. Notifies manager if significant system failures or trends are noted. JOB SPECIFICATIONS Provide minimum hiring requirements, specialized knowledge, and other considerations required Education Bachelor’s Degree preferred Equivalent combination of education and professional work experience required Experience Minimum 1 year supervisor, leadership experience responsible for overseeing the activities of others, OR 1 year Quality experience required OR completion of CSL Plasma Leadership Development Program 3years experience minimum experience in an FDA-regulated industry Additional Comments Proficient in English, oral or written communication skills Working Conditions _(physical & mental requirements) _ Influences or negotiates with internal contacts where conflicting objects may inhibit reaching a solution Understands complex problems to collaborate and explore alternative solutions Ability to make decisions which have significant impact on the immediate work unit and monitor impact outside immediate work unit Ability to compose letters, outlines, memorandum and basic reports and/or to orally communicate technical information Frequently required to wear personal protective equipment Occasionally exposed to extreme temperatures and to blood borne pathogens Sitting up to 6 hours with moderate amount of time walking and standing Ability to lift or carry up to 25 lbs. Fast paced environment with frequent interruptions Overnight travel may be required up to 10% of the time _Note: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, national origin or other legally protected classifications._ Worker Type: Employee Worker Sub Type: Regular