Req. ID: 119190 Cloud Solutions Architect Cloud and hyperscale companies are leading major transformations in information technology: the principals of cloud computing are changing the way software is developed and deployed; devops is redefining the software and operations lifecycle; software-defined storage and next-gen application development has shifted storage from arrays to server-attached; and artificial intelligence has dramatically increased the need for vast amounts of high performance memory. At the center of all of these trends, Micron is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. As a global leader focused on memory innovation, Micron is uniquely positioned to partner with customers as they embrace the biggest changes to computing in decades. Key to this partnership is the Cloud Solutions Architect. As a Cloud Solutions Architect (CSA) in Micron Technology’s global sales organization, you will be charged with developing deep technical relationships with key cloud and/or hyperscale customers. Your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: Virtual account team leadership Lead technology strategy for one or more customer-focused virtual account teams. Partner with global account manager to develop short and long-term sales strategy. Partner with field applications engineers to translate technical strategy into product qualification success. Align sales team with Micron global and business unit strategic initiatives. Customer technical engagement Develop deep technical relationships across assigned customer(s) working towards trusted advisor status. Deeply understand the business and technical requirements of assigned customer(s). Align technology from the entire Micron portfolio and ecosystem partners to solve currently defined customer challenges. Partner with customer(s) to reveal not-yet-understood opportunities and challenges. Understand and influence customer strategy and roadmaps. Cross-functional leadership Research, develop, document, and share reusable solution designs with customers and ecosystem partners. Evangelism of joint customer-Micron solutions across the Micron sales team to facilitate growth for both Micron and assigned customer(s). Partner with business units to ensure that the voice of the customer influences product and solutions roadmaps; work with corporate and BU marketing to maximize the global impact of solutions. Provide thought leadership; keep up with industry trends; influence strategy based on understanding of ecosystem and market. Act as the primary technical evangelist within assigned customer(s) for future, emerging, and next-generation products and solutions. Education Required Bachelor’s Degree in business, Engineering, Marketing, or related field of study (or equivalent experience). Experience Required 5+ years customer-facing presales engineering (systems engineering, solutions architecture) or field applications engineering with a strong focus on solutions. 3+ years working with or inside cloud or hyperscale environments. Qualifications Proven ability to understand and explain varied solutions from across a broad technology ecosystem. Track-record of building trust and earning influence in critical customer relationships. Strong collaboration skills and willingness to work in a cross-functional virtual team environment. Experience providing internal and external facing thought leadership. We recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices. Each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. The EEO Administrator in Human Resources is responsible for administration of this policy. The administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on EEO matters. To request assistance with the application process, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 (or 208-368-4748). Keywords: Seattle || Washington (US-WA) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Sales || LI-JF1 ||