Applied Materials is pushing the limits with machines and materials technologies! We “make possible” the innovations for tomorrow: Artificial intelligence, self-driving cars, next generation smartphones, OLED displays, medical devices and more for consumers and businesses around the world. It is exciting time for our company and we are looking for a Opex Spending Analyst to join our Semiconductor Products Group GFP&A team. Semiconductor Products Group is an integral part of Applied Materials growth and develops, manufactures, and sells manufacturing equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips The Spending Analyst reports to the SPG FP&A Director and will be responsible for delivering finance analysis in support of business unit opex operations. He/she will be working with the Business Unit controller staff to ensure that the organization delivers to its RD&E business commitments . Analyzes, interprets, and prepares financial forecasts. Supports business case development and other financial analysis as needed in support of BU finance. Supports both internal, external, and SOX audits. Supports the spending management process, providing the appropriate dashboard of financial and non-financial business metrics and analysis. Provides balance sheet analysis for general ledger accounts owned by these organizations. Performs close activities including booking journal vouchers, headcount / spending analysis, and account reconciliation. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Qualifications Job Specific Knowledge Knowledge of financial planning and analysis Proven competencies, particularly in the area of communications, presentations, financial analysis and related decision-making, problem solving, financial modeling and forecasting Excellent interpersonal skills, team building skills, and customer relationship skills Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications and exposure to major ERP Applications Skills Established communication skills, develop and execute effective presentations to BU finance and operational staff, established understanding of internal and external applications. Education Bachelor's Degree or equivalent in related discipline 2 - 4 Years of Experience in Finance/Accounting Applied Materials is committed to diversity in its workforce including Equal Employment Opportunity for Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Primary Location : Americas-United States of America-California- CA,Santa Clara Job : Finance Shift : Day Job Travel : No Posting Type : Internal / External Relocation Package : No Relocation