The Cloud + Enterprise team is looking for a talented individual to join a great team focused on creating business models to drive growth for the C+E business. As a Senior Business Planner on the Data Platform Business Planning team, you will own the business strategy and pricing models for Cognitive Services, Bot Framework, and other AI services. These products are critical for our vision of bringing AI to every Enterprise. We are looking for an enthusiastic self-starter who can take our SKU strategy to the next level. Responsibilities Landing business model strategies for our AI portfolio including SKU line-up, pricing, and service meters where appropriate. Leading cross-functional teams to create, implement, and refine business models. Partnering with engineering, product marketing, and other teams to drive cross-discipline initiatives for exceptional business results. Defining and delivering the business model decisions for any new or updated AI workloads. Developing key metrics, forecasts, and reporting in partnership with finance and engineering to monitor the business performance. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Minimum 5 years of experience in product management, consulting investment banking, equity research, program management, finance, or business planning MBA required Recommended Qualifications: Thrives in a fast paced environment Excellent business analysis, communication and presentation skills Ability to be articulate, to think strategically and in a structured manner, and to land data-driven recommendations with engineering and business partners at a senior executive level A strong degree of comfort with and ability to structure, scope and solve complex problems with the ability to take an idea from conception to execution Ability to analyze data to develop actionable insights, comfortable in quantitative analysis, building and using complex models (economic or statistical or financial) Ability to turn data into a clear and insightful story Ability to successfully resolve ambiguous or potential conflict situations and drive alignment Advanced Excel & Power BI skills required, technical background a plus And, of course, the basics: detail oriented, collaborative, customer focused, strategic thinker, adaptive, and strong communicator with ability to impact/influence Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.