Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role: The Principal Intelligence Analyst reports to the Sr. Manager of Forensics & Threat Intelligence in the SplunkCIRT organization. You may be based in San Jose, CA, Tysons Corner, VA, or fully remote for well qualified candidates. This role will be responsible for delivering on the threat intelligence mission, which includes intelligence collection, analysis, and dissemination. The nature of the work may occasionally include afterhours support during major incidents. You are self-motivated and passionate about tracking threat actors, including a desire to automate and improve ingestion of threat data. You also have previous experience working for the US Intelligence Community or a private sector threat intelligence organization. Critical thinking and attention to detail are necessary for this role, as you will need to advise decision makers on the best course of action based on often incomplete and subjective information. We are a passionate team who has fun, enjoys a good laugh but above all else thinks security first. Responsibilities: Lead operations to produce tactical threat intelligence for SplunkCIRT including fresh indicators, TTPs, and threat actor profiles Lead responses to RFIs from internal customers to produce intelligence work product that provides decision advantage Design and manage Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) program including identifying valid collection sources and automation of processing and dissemination Lead efforts to integrate threat data into SEIM solution Own end to end the development of threat landscape trends reporting Design processes and procedures to provide early warning notification to SplunkCIRT and partners Develop Python scripts and/or API automation to enhance processing Handle multiple investigative toolsets and supporting intelligence solutions Participate and lead threat hunting exercises for the SplunkCIRT team Conduct technical evaluations of potential software and services solutions Build and maintain relationships with external threat intelligence teams Lead efforts to fuse intelligence from other business units, including marketing, business intelligence, competitive intelligence, and public relations Requirements: 8 years or more of professional IT or IT Security experience; or 5 years and a master’s degree 5 years or more of experience as a full-time intelligence analyst or related job discipline Eligible to work in the US without sponsorship Experience leading threat actor and campaign attribution Working knowledge of structured analytical techniques including, but not limited to Quality of Information Check, Analysis of Competing Hypotheses, and Devil’s Advocacy Be able to avoid confirmation bias Ability to analysis and/or reverse engineer unknown malware samples Knowledge of detecting threat actors across the entire cyber kill chain Knowledge of the diamond model of intrusion analysis Working knowledge of Cloud technologies Working knowledge of Windows, Linux and OSX Ability to produce clear, concise, and timely reporting Solid attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information security or related discipline is required or equivalent work experience. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.