CONSULTING INTERN, Technology and Management Consulting Intern Position Description RSM currently has openings for business-minded individuals to join our Technology and Management Consulting (TMC) practice as an Intern. Our TMC Practice works with our clients’ executive leadership teams onsite in their office locations to support a wide range of engagements. Engagement teams are typically responsible for identifying business requirements, requirements management, functional design, prototyping, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), defining support requirements and managing system & process implementations. Examples of the candidate’s responsibilities include: Participating in project scoping and strategic planning Meeting with decision makers, systems owners, and end users to define business, financial, and operational requirements and systems goals Learning new technologies and “best practice” business process trends as necessary to meet client needs and identify current business application issues Reviewing and preparing client infrastructure & process documentation (Microsoft Visio, Excel); Communicating project and recommendation details – verbally or through written documentation – to management, peers, and other project stakeholders so that issues and solutions are understood and can be accurately portrayed to the client; and, Preparing and delivering reports, recommendations, or alternatives for improving processes in operating systems across the client’s organization Engagements may include, but are not limited to: Financial, operational, and technological strategy development Best practices and process re-engineering Business integration planning and execution Information systems requirements design, selection, and implementation & optimization management Project and program management Operational and IT strategy assessments and due diligence Basic Qualifications: Working towards a B.A. or B.S. degree or equivalent from an accredited university Accounting, Finance, Math, Business Administration, Computer Science, Information Systems, Economics or other related concentration Travel to assigned client locations locally & nationally is required. Must have access to and ability to arrange for use of reliable modes of transportation to those locations Ability to travel up to 40% locally and nationally A minimum 3.0 GPA is preferred You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective. Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood. About RSM: RSM US LLP is a leading provider of audit, tax and consulting services focused on the middle market. We guide our clients through business challenges by understanding their needs and bringing together the right team to address them. With 9,000 professionals and associates in 86 cities nationwide and access to more than 38,300 people in 120 countries through our membership in RSM International. RSM uses its deep understanding of the needs and aspirations of clients to help them succeed. For more information, visit www.rsmus.com , follow our Careers Blog, like our Facebook Careers page, follow us on Twitter and Instagram, and/or connect with us on LinkedIn. RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans. You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective. Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood. RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans.