We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Team Uber’s Risk Team is at the forefront of one of the world’s biggest challenges. Every day we process millions of mobile transactions in over 600 different cities, while also issuing driver-partner payouts on weekly, and in some cases, daily basis. As we grow and rapidly expand our transaction base across emerging products, we face new and interesting situations that many companies have never encountered. Our goal is to deliver innovative risk management in the two-sided marketplace to maximize legitimate revenue and sustainable growth. We are seeking a talented analyst to join our team to make Uber the most trusted and secure online platform in the world. This is a great opportunity to join a fast growing business and fast growing team. We are pioneering new techniques everyday to detect and counter bad actors all over the world who are constantly adapting and discovering new ways to abuse our platform. You will be working alongside best in industry data scientists and engineers, to solve very challenging risk problems related to account security and integrity. What You’ll Do Analyze rich user and transaction data to drive business decisions to contribute to machine learning models, rules, and other detection systems Build Our Business Strategy by collaborating with product and engineering teams to define product roadmaps and strategy, while designing solutions that prevent, detect, or action against fraudulent or suspicious user behavior Deep Dive into Data through systematic and ad hoc analyses that identify root causes of loss segments and estimate the impact of new products and processes Analyze and Design Rules that introduce appropriate amounts of friction for suspicious Uber users based on high risk user characteristics and machine learning models Communicate Results on a regular basis to stakeholders around the world, including executive leadership Execute on Projects by implementing policy proposals, developing the user support experience, and coordinating work across teams to deliver on short- and long-term risk, fraud, and payments efforts What We’re Looking For In You Quantitative background in statistics, math, computer science, business, or related disciplines Solid analytical skills and working experience with analytics tools (Excel, SQL, R, Python, Tableau, and other statistical or data analysis packages) Exceptional communication and presentation skills Creative problem solving and critical thinking skills with a bias toward action and a get things done attitude Team player mindset that takes ownership for a collective outcome and helps others along the way Ability to take initiative in a fast-moving environment and independently make decisions or take risks with incomplete information True passion for Uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology/operational nature PERKS: Employees are given Uber credits every month. Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company. The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. We’re not just another social web app, we’re moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally. Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment. BENEFITS (U.S.): 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays. Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs. Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it.