The Holiday Inn San Jose - Silicon Valley is a full-service hotel featuring 354 guestrooms. With convenient access to I-880, I-280 and Highway 101, we are located within 1.5 miles of the San Jose International Airport, a variety of restaurants and shopping, as well as a short distance from downtown. Our modern, sophisticated hotel offers a plethora of amenities such as a full service restaurant, bar, room service and an outdoor, heated pool. Our flexible meeting space can comfortably accommodate up to 1,200 people and provides a variety of catering options. Guests will appreciate our close proximity to San Francisco, Santa Cruz, Levi Stadium, SAP Center, Avaya Stadium and much more! The Executive Meeting Manager is responsible for groups of 10 rooms or less and catered events up to 25 guests. Previous experience as a Catering or Sales Assistant is a plus. This position requires organization, follow-through, and professionalism in order to be successful. Working knowledge of Delphi.fdc and MS Outlook, Excel and Word is a plus. The right candidate will have the experience and skills to negotiate and close business as well as the interpersonal skills to build and maintain an excellent rapport with on site personnel at each level of the organization. An ability to balance the needs of the client with the financial expectations of the property is crucial. We are looking for a genuinely friendly and personable team player who would like to grow a career with us. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Solicit, negotiate and confirm new and repeat business through various efforts (lead follow up, telemarketing, direct mail, referrals, internet prospecting, etc) to maximize revenues to meet/exceed goals. Plan, up-sell and coordinate function details with clients to include but not limited to space requirements, meeting times, equipment, menus, billing, etc. Prepare and execute sales/catering contracts, event orders group resumes to ensure quality product delivery and customer satisfactions. Create and distribute effective internal and external communication (written and verbal). Develop and continually enhance relationships with accounts. Maintain accurate, legible records and files consistent with established automated or manual sales system. SUPPORTIVE FUNCTIONS: Data entry, award rewards points for group stays, update reader board, create and print meeting room signs, coordinate amenity requests, distribute the mail, log and copy incoming checks, send thank you letters. Perform special projects and other responsibilities as assigned. (ref. 25013)