PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The IT Help Desk Analyst takes ownership and responsibility for maintaining operational and security issues concerning account holders on the wide area network (WAN). This includes but is not limited to the servers, workstations, network cabling and network hardware. The IT Help Desk Analyst is also the primary contact for account holders in need of technical support. The qualified individual will be responsible for the following: Troubleshoot computer hardware, software, and network connectivity issues. Laptop and mobile device configuration, software installation, maintenance and support. Assist users in everyday IT related tasks as required, via telephone, email, or remote access (SullivanCotter locations and remote workers). This includes after-hours support. Using all available technical resources to discover and relate a solution back to the user in situations where the Sr. System Administrator cannot readily answer technical questions or solve technical problems. Unresolved problems will be related to the IT Manager. Reporting weekly documented resolved and open help desk requests to the IT Manager. Confirming all patches are tested and implemented and providing monthly reporting on the status to the IT and Operations Managers. Confirming all systems are protected with up-to-date malware protection and in compliance. Confirming all users have access to the network systems as needed based on job function. The IT, Operations and Business Owners review and approve all access-change requests. Adhering to the Information Security Program and Policies. Maintain computer asset inventory and equipment tracking. Assist in special projects as needed. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in a computer science related field. Three to five years of relevant experience. Preferred certifications in: CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, CompTIA Project+ Certifications MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate) Ability to engage in a help desk role along with system administrative responsibilities. Ability to complete project tasks and process, organize, and communicate effectively. Knowledge of requirements, analysis and project management techniques. Ability to update and maintain policies for using, acquiring, and/or maintaining technology systems. Ability to participate and create cost benefit analysis for new technology projects. Strong knowledge of a broad range of hardware and software products including switches, routers, next generation firewalls. Expertise in the following: Operating systems Windows 7, 10, Mac OS/X & IOS, Android & Linux. Microsoft Office applications and other desktop productivity software required. Server virtualization technologies including VMWare ESX and Microsoft VM. Application support utilizing SQL, SharePoint, Contact management and data visualization. Microsoft Windows Server 2008 & 2012, SQL Server, SSRS. Scripting techniques, VB and PowerShell required. Understanding of Active Directory, Open Directory, and/or LDAP. Strong administrative knowledge of database applications utilizing SQL Server. Knowledge of Cloud Services, Office 365, Azure and AWS. Experienced in using Microsoft Office 365 enterprise products and end user support. Skilled in monitoring vital system statistics such as CPU utilization, disk space usage, etc., and reporting information to team and management, and documenting and recommending corrective actions. Knowledge of Patch management and deployment techniques. Proficient in performing system and software upgrades, patches, etc., by documenting steps needed and coordinating changes through a formal change management process. Experienced in maintaining and researching technical documentation. Proficient in troubleshooting system anomalies with other technicians and members of other work teams, and utilizing subscription-based technical support as needed to resolve complex issues. Competent in the use office equipment, including copy machines or multi-line IP PBX telephone systems. BEHAVIORAL ATTRIBUTES Self-starter with demonstrated ability to successfully assist with complex project deliverables in a very driven and changing organization. Ability to work effectively with ambiguity. Polished and professional demeanor, including a positive attitude, confidence and high level of self-motivation. Demonstrates a welcoming and helpful persona and ability to control and filter emotions constructively under pressure. Demonstrates patience, conscientiousness and trustworthiness when dealing with differing personalities within the firm. Flexibility, adaptability, and the ability to work under tight deadlines or changing needs. Ability to work independently. Intellectual curiosity, seeking opportunities to develop new skills. Strong attention to detail and concern for quality, accuracy and completeness of work. Applicants for employment must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States (i.e. H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non- immigrant status). Sullivan, Cotter and Associates, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Apply Now