Emser Tile, LLC, the nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced ARCHITECTURE AND DESIGN TERRITORY SALES MANAGER - DETROIT, MI. Do you enjoy the challenge of growing a business? Are you a driven, self- starter that thrives in a fast-paced environment? Then Emser Tile is the place for you! We are currently seeking an Architectural & Design Territory Sales Manager to develop and drive the commercial business segment for our local branch. Our Ideal Candidate will - Develop a Strategic Sales Plan to build market share focusing on key commercial Architecture & Design firms. Maintain and grow relationships with top specifiers in the A&D community; Call on national strategic architecture and design firms to drive specifications locally and throughout the country. Develop relationships with Architects and Designers to keep informed about their projects and to create tile and stone specifications with Emser during the design stage, before they go out to bid. Be responsible for organizing and implementing Product Knowledge and CEU trainings with assigned accounts. Collaborate with the Regional Sales Manager, National Account Managers and peers to develop strategies relating to Architects and Designers. Collaborate with Emser Commercial Contractor reps to ensure A&D specifications are maintained through the bid process and multiple touch points (Owner, G.C., Contractor, etc.) Work with Product Development & Marketing teams to consistently communicate business and design trends, consumer and trade attitudes, competitive practices, and product performance characteristics. Attend and participate in trade and industry events (IIDA, NEWH, etc.) to increase client knowledge of Emser and keep up-to-date on the marketplace and competition activity. Manage assigned budgets to approved guidelines to maintain existing business and increase sales. Qualifications (Knowledge/Skills/Abilities/Experience) Successful track record in an outsides sales environment (preferably within the flooring industry) Solid analytical skills in identifying client needs and aligning them to product offerings; Specification analysis and RFP response preparation a plus Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate and maintain positive relationships with all Emser clients, customers and influencers (internal and external) Strong presentation skills to large audiences Ability to work independently and in a team environment is essential Ability to analyze market conditions and competition and develop strategic responses to opportunities Must be able to coordinate multiple projects simultaneously Listening skills, communication skills, energy, enthusiasm and endurance Must be flexible to maximize business opportunities as they arise. College B.A. / B.S. degree preferred Ability to travel daily throughout the sales territory Ability to overnight travel 5-10% of the time and work non-standard hours About Emser: The Emser Tradition of Excellence Comes From its People... Since its establishment in 1968, Emser Tile has become the leading supplier of the world's finest tile and natural stone. Through our international production network and product development expertise, we offer myriad of possibilities that help retailers, contractors, homebuilders, commercial builders, architects & designers bring their ideas to life. Although Emser has grown rapidly, our on-going dedication to outstanding quality and service remains the hallmark of our success. Emser is always seeking knowledgeable, career-minded professionals to become a part of our team and help drive our growth and expansion into new and existing markets. When it comes to challenging and rewarding career opportunities, Emser is the place to be! As an Emser employee, you will enjoy healthcare coverage including medical, prescription drug, vision and dental care. Your financial well-being will be supported through our 401(k) plan. Moreover, we offer a challenging & rewarding professional work environment. Emser's employee benefits package also includes: Paid Vacation Time Paid Holidays Life Insurance AD&D Insurance Voluntary Long Term Disability Career Development: Emser provides ongoing opportunities for professional training, and encourages internal advancement and mobility.