About The Opportunity Welcome! Got a taste for something new? We’re Grubhub, the nation’s leading online and mobile food ordering company. Since 2004 we’ve been connecting hungry diners to the local restaurants they love. We’re moving eating forward with no signs of slowing down. With more than 85,000 restaurants and over 15.6 million diners across 1,600 U.S. cities and London, we’re delivering like never before. Incredible tech is our bread and butter, but amazing people are our secret ingredient. Rigorously analytical and customer-obsessed, our employees develop the fresh ideas and brilliant programs that keep our brands going and growing. Long story short, keeping our people happy, challenged and well-fed is priority one. Interested? Let’s talk. We’re eager to show you what we bring to the table. The Quality Coordinator will be responsible for monitoring and scoring our call center contacts. This individual will also coach Specialists to improve the customer experience. Through monitoring contacts and interacting with Specialists and Care Managers, the Quality Coordinator will provide recommendations to improve processes, policies and technology enhancement recommendations. The successful candidate will be customer obsessed, highly organized with an ability to work in a rapidly changing environment and meet deadlines.The position reports to the Manager, Quality. Some Challenges You’ll Tackle Scoring contacts based on the scorecard and policies established by the Quality team Meeting with Care Managers and leads to ensure team is calibrated Assist in Quality training for new hires Conduct deep dives to understand the root causes of customer contacts and dissatisfaction Work on customer feedback loop based on CSAT survey responses You Should Have High school diploma or GED required. Associate Degree preferred. Ability to meet tight deadlines required Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) required Experience with MS Office is required Ability to work in a demanding and rapidly changing environment required Must be able to work as a team but also independently with limited direction Experience in customer service operations required. An aptitude for continuous improvement required And Of Course, Perks! 18 days of paid time off, choose how your time is spent Never go hungry! We provide weekly Grubhub/Seamless credit Regular in-office social events, including happy hours, wine tastings, karaoke, bingo with prizes and more Company-Wide Initiatives encouraging innovation, continuous learning and cross-department connections Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. Grubhub is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.