The Philadelphia-based company is one of the fastest growing retailers in the country with over 650 stores in more than 30 states. The Company expects to cut the ribbon on approximately 125 new stores this year, on top of opening more than 100 stores in 2017. Catering to teens, pre-teens and their parents, Five Below carries an ever-evolving and exciting assortment of cell phone cases and chargers, remote control cars, yoga pants, graphic tees, nail polish, footballs and soccer balls, tons of candy and seasonal must-haves for Easter, Halloween, Christmas and more. Everything, everyday, is just $5 and below. Its stores are a vibrant, colorful and high-energy destination. Five Below products are grouped into one of eight in-store worlds: Style, Room, Sports, Tech, Crafts, Party, Candy and Now. Five Below’s unique assortment features leading brands such as Lego®, Wilson®, Hasbro™ and Peeps® and hot licenses from Disney® and Marvel® such as Frozen, Despicable Me, Avengers and Star Wars™. Rounding out the assortment is merchandise packed with quality and value made exclusively for Five Below. Five Below was founded in 2002 by David Schlessinger, creator and founder of Encore Books and Zany Brainy along with Tom Vellios, former CEO of Zany Brainy, and current Chairman of Five Below. In early 2015, Joel Anderson, the former CEO of WalMart.com, was named CEO and President of Five Below. The Company (NASDAQ: FIVE) has achieved astounding growth, including a current string of 37 consecutive quarters of positive comparable stores sales growth (from Q2, 2006 to present). Five Below is poised to grow rapidly driven by a unique approach to targeting the teen and pre-teen customer with an edited assortment of trend-right, high quality merchandise that fosters universal appeal. With a highly differentiated shopping experience that delivers exceptional value within the $1-$5 pricing model, customers have a deep appreciation for the brand. There is a long runway for growth with compelling and consistent store performance backed by an experienced and passionate senior management team. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provides support for business, operational, financial, labor planning, forecasting and reporting. Prepares business models to project financial impact of Five Below business initiatives/strategies. Measures and reports financial impact of business initiatives Partners with cross-functional teams to provide business specific analytical insights and solutions; interfaces with other business partners to support cross projects and initiatives (i.e. Marketing, HR, Merchandising, IS, Real Estate, Construction, etc.) Responsible for implementing Operational Scorecard and Dashboard reporting. Maintains all operational documents and data references. Provides support for developing and executing operational strategy and provides analytical insights and recommendations. Supports development of management presentations and business reviews; gathers and summarizes data from various sources (BI, Kronos) Provides support for strategic reviews of the business category or financial performance EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Bachelors degree in Business, Finance or related field required 3-5 years related experience in business analytics Intermediate experience with multiple reporting systems TECHNICAL SKILLS Proficient in using Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint Strong business analytical skills, including advanced usage of data tools and applications. SQL (basic) & Microstrategy (intermediate/advanced) Five Below is an Equal Opportunity Employer