Principal Duties and Responsibilities 1. Greets patients in a friendly manner and directs them to the appropriate waiting area. Instructs a patient to change when necessary. Provides wheelchairs when necessary. Ensures efficient patient flow. 2. Answers the telephone by the third ring, directs calls, takes messages, uses overhead paging system, responds to questions, and returns phone calls to patients with instructions from physicians. 3. Receives and processes requisitions and reviews them for completeness. a. Enters all non- staff physician names, addresses, and phone numbers in "copies to" portion of requisition and enters the same on the "comments" section. b. Seeks assistance from a supervisor or technologist to prepare requisitions when a doctor's order is not understood. 4. Schedules outpatient exams. a. Schedules exams with patients and private physicians. b. Obtains appropriate insurance information, demographic patient information, exam name, history, and ordering physician when scheduling appointments in the computer. c. Schedules exams in established booking times, unless otherwise instructed by a supervisor or physician. d. Provides financial insurance information to patients when booking exams. e. Prints and photocopies four copies of the daily schedule, providing each sub-department with two copies, one each to the file room and the volunteer, with the original to be used as the front desk copy. 5. Files and retrieves films for the department. Follows developed system for retrieving, filing, and tracking down films. a. Develops problem-solving skills and utilizes them to search for missing films and/or jackets. Checks locations throughout the hospital where films may be located. Queries individual MDs by phone as to the whereabouts of missing films. b. Reports missing films to supervisor. c. Displays helpful and courteous manner with peers and co-workers. Receives positive feedback. 6. Performs routine sign-in and sign-out of Radiology films. a. Handles phone requests for film sign-outs. Obtains all relative information including full names and addresses of physicians the films are going to. Retrieves folder and prepares films for sign-out, placing in appropriate sign-out area. b. Greets patients and or physicians and signs out x-rays as needed. Greets individuals in a friendly and helpful manner, processing the sign out in a timely manner. c. Receives films being returned to the department and uses the computer to sign in all films, and returns films to jacket and file. d. Checks the “Log-In” bin daily to ensure prompt return of all films to jackets. e. Searches for any missing films that may be needed for sign-out, reporting missing films to supervisor. 7. Logs in and logs out all outside films. a. Logs in all outside mammogram films, checks computer for mammogram, needle loc, and ultrasound appointments and completed exams. Matches outside films with MAH films and forwards to appropriate viewing authority. Checks outside film list and outside film bins daily for films that can be matched and compared. b. Reviews outside film list, returning films that have been compared to the sending facility. Returns films as instructed. Updates the outside films list daily by using the computer, ensuring its accuracy. c. Ensures that the “Log-In” and “Log-Out” bins are empty by the end of shift. 8. Ensures that all filing is accurate and completed by the end of the work shift. 9. Updates films as new patients are added to schedule. 10. Maintains daily log records and collects daily statistics to submit to manager monthly. 11. Collates patient test results for RN/MD follow-up. 12. Performs a variety of related clerical duties. Maintains a neat and orderly work area. Orders medical and stationery supplies, stocks and cleans examination rooms and treatment areas. 13. Processes laboratory specimens accurately and safely. 14. Assures patient nourishment station is stocked and cleaned. 15. Pages the Breast Center Coordinator as needed 16. Interacts with volunteers on a regular basis, provides guidance as necessary. Requirements: KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED 1. Good verbal and written communication skills and some typing normally acquired through the completion of high school or equivalent. 2. Excellent interpersonal skills, including a pleasant telephone manner. 3. Previous clerical experience (preferably in a health-care setting). Medical terminology preferred 4. Ability to set appropriate priorities and organize work flow 5. Ability to concentrate and pay attention to detail during frequent interruptions 6. Ability to give accurate and tactful explanations/information to patients and visitors 7. Strong interpersonal skills necessary to interface with support and professional staff and patients