Berkeley Lab’s National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) Division has an opening for a Data Science Workflows Architect. NERSC is the principal provider of high performance computing services to the Department of Energy's Office of Science programs. The Data Science Engagement Group (DSEG) is responsible for supporting scientists at experimental facilities who need to use supercomputing resources at NERSC. Their challenges include data movement, real-time data processing, data storage and management and scaling scientific codes to cutting-edge computing architectures. We particularly focus on large-scale experimental facilities such as the Advanced Light Source (ALS) at LBNL, the Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS) at SLAC, and the Joint Genome Institute at LBNL. We are looking for an expert in scientific computing workflows to join our team, who will work closely with our user community to adapt and optimize their computing needs for HPC systems. This position will be hired at a level commensurate with the business needs; and skills, knowledge, and abilities of the successful candidate. What You Will Do: Work with domain scientists to utilize HPC resources at NERSC. Educate and train users by holding training classes, creating content for the NERSC website with online tutorials and documentation, giving presentations, and attending conferences. Communicate with users about new opportunities and capabilities in software and systems and advise them in effectively transitioning to new technologies. Configure the user environment on NERSC supercomputers to maximize scientific productivity for the user community. This includes defining the default development environment for ease of use and performance, selecting and maintaining a productive set of tools, choosing job scheduling parameters and queues to meet user needs, and monitoring system performance from an application perspective. Communicate clearly to both domain scientists and computer systems engineers, explaining the subtleties of using an HPC system and translating scientific requirements into computing needs. What is Required: Bachelor’s degree in a scientific field or computer science and a minimum of eight years related experience OR a Master’s degree or equivalent experience. Prior experience managing computational needs and resources; either as a user or as an administrator. Strong programming background in multiple languages including C/C++, Python and shell scripting. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Additional Desired Qualifications: Experience working with experiments that have real-time and/or large-scale computing requirements. Experience with HPC systems, including use of a batch scheduling system. Experience with (and enthusiasm for) modern computing architectures, such as Intel Xeon Phi, GPUs or FPGAs. Prior experience in working on interdisciplinary projects involving multiple stakeholders and institutions. Understanding of Big Data-type problems, including system I/O, data transfer and storage needs. Software development experience, including version control and debugging. The posting shall remain open until the position is filled, however for full consideration, please apply by close of business on August 24, 2018. Notes: This is a full time career appointment. Full-time, M-F, exempt (monthly paid) from overtime pay. This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. Work will be primarily performed at: Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. Berkeley Lab (LBNL) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law."