For more than 80 years, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota has been passionate about improving health. We provide quality, cost-effective health plans and innovative programs that make a healthy difference in people’s lives. Blue Cross is the largest health plan based in Minnesota, covering nearly 3 million members in the state and across the country. We strive to help all Minnesotans overcome the barriers to good health. We offer our employees a comprehensive benefits, compensation and total rewards package to keep you and your family healthy and to secure your financial future. Our Employee Resource Groups help us advance health equity while promoting a diverse and inclusive work environment. Join us and make a healthy difference in people’s lives through the work you do every day. Together, we'll make Minnesota a better place to live — and a healthier one. Description Summary The Data Scientist develops predictive and prescriptive models based on large- scale datasets to address various business problems by leveraging advanced multi-variate statistical modeling, machine learning and data mining techniques. The Data Scientist will work under the guidance of Advanced Analytics Manager to push the boundaries of traditional analytics to answer questions and produce actionable output that serves to support Star improvement and Risk Adjustment Optimization efforts to improve the quality of care as well as to manage the risk of our members. In this role, the Data Scientist works closely with the ERA & STAR Analytics team and other teams in the Center of Excellence to identify areas of interest for member facing interventions, to define the scope of technical requirements, to develop analytic solutions and statistical models for risk & outcome studies, and to collaborate with other data analysts to produce deliverables in a timely manner. This work requires a commitment to best-in- class analytics and a willingness to effectively engage in a matrixed environment to champion a data driven culture to Stars improvement and Enterprise Risk Adjustment efforts. The position will call upon a nuanced understanding of health services research and/or related public health research domains, as well as the technical application of various machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, predictive reasoning, and traditional econometric methods that are part of both big and small data solutions. Accountabilities 1\. Designs experiments, formulates hypothesis, conduct multi-variate statistical analyses and builds models to drive insights and recommendations. 2\. Develops solutions to key strategic problems (such as the accurate identification of members for gap closure) and quality improvement opportunities thorough traditional and new analytics, including data science methods that will drive improved performance on Center of Excellence initiatives. 3\. Analyzes administrative claims data - Medicare and ACA Marketplace - to answer health services research questions on costs, utilization or outcomes, using advanced statistical and econometric methods. 4\. Ensures Blue Cross is employing state-of-the-art methods to Star and Enterprise Risk Adjustment problems by staying up to date on trends in analytics and investigates new tools to implement new methodologies and techniques. 5\. Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve analytics problems. Effectively communicates results and methodologies. 6\. Independently manages multiple projects through the analytic life cycle (discovery, description, prediction, and prescription). Identifies, translates and applies best practices to assigned projects. 7\. Provides guidance to junior-level analysts on data management, data analysis techniques, communication with non-technical stakeholders, project management, and healthcare industry knowledge. Requirements Bachelor's degree with a quantitative emphasis, including business, actuarial science, quantitative social science, mathematics, statistics, or computer science required. 5 years of progressive industry experience in data analysis methods and tools. Demonstrated ability to evaluate quantitative data from multiple sources using statistical modeling, analytical methods, and critical thinking skills. Demonstrated professional experience with statistical software suites (SAS, R, ); strong understanding of database structure, relational database concepts, Big data platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Aster), and data architecture; exposure to Unix environments. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and infer valid conclusions. Strong problem-solving skills exhibited by the ability to approach complex, ambiguous business issues with creative ideas and solution Demonstrated experience in collaboration, teamwork, and cross-functional communication within a business enviroment. Effective, concise, and professional written, verbal and presentation skills, both technical and non-technial. Flexible, self-motivated, and continuously seeking ways to improve. Preferred Requirements Masters degree in health services research or statistics or related area. Knowledge of healthcare industry including familiarity with health policy, health insurance, benefit plans and product features, provider contracting approaches, reimbursement approaches and health management approaches. Knowledge of Risk Adjustment strongly preferred. BCBSMN FLSA Status Exempt Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Make a difference Thank you for your interest in Blue Cross. Be part of a company that lets you be you — and make a healthy difference in people’s lives every day Blue Cross is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Blue Cross® and Blue Shield® of Minnesota and Blue Plus® are nonprofit independent licensees of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association