THE OPPORTUNITY: This is a great opportunity to join a fun, exciting & highly motivated team and upgrade your skills. We use a modern programming stack and cloud infrastructure. We are not only looking for work experience, but rather the willingness to step up to challenges and the ability to learn quickly. If you're a smart and hard-working individual, submit a resume, cover letter and code samples (preferably on GitHub/BitBucket) to apply. THE CHALLENGES: We'll get into the details later but at a high level we're looking for smart people who have a passion for learning and thrive in a high paced environment. THE COMPANY: Active Measure is a consumer insight platform. We help Fortune 1000 companies collect and analyze high quality consumer data to improve decision making. Our cutting-edge technology and innovative strategies have led thousands of companies to success in creating relevant, consumer-driven products and services. YOU: You have a passion for development, are self-motivated, and enjoy working in a user-focused, highly intelligent, entrepreneurial environment. You must have experience with web development, be passionate about testing & refactoring, and bring superior programming skills. REQUIREMENTS 4+ years of modern JavaScript programming (preferably Angular) 1+ years of Data Visualization/Charting experience Experience with LESS/CSS Experience utilizing REST APIs Comfortable with building UIs from Photoshop/Sketch mockups Solid knowledge of the Design Patterns Team Player, Must be able to work in a team environment Fluent in English reading/writing/speaking PREFERRED BUT NOT REQUIRED Experience with Angular 1.5+ Experience with Vue.js Experience with React/React Native Experience with ES6+ GitHub or similar environment BENEFITS & PERKS Health, Dental & Vision Insurance Catered lunches, Espressos and Snacks Flexible hours MacBook Pros Overall engaging and fun atmosphere INCLUDE WITH EMAIL Resume Code Samples (preferably on GitHub / BitBucket ) URL for your LinkedIn profile References OUR VALUES Honesty & Integrity: We are honest with each other, vendors, customers, and honest with ourselves. We acknowledge things as they are, not as we wish them to be. Commitment to Rational Thinking: Decisions are based on logic and reason - instead of emotions or intuition. Responsibility: We take ownership over the outcome. We share the entrepreneurial spirit and play to win. Excellence: As individuals we have higher expectations for ourselves. We are committed to personal excellence and self improvement. Curiosity: We are curious people that are always learning about new things and investigating new areas: everything from buying novel products at the grocery store to exploring new information technology.