Who We Are We’re Amrock, the nation’s largest FinTech provider of title insurance, valuations and closing services. We’re a preferred provider to nine of the top 10 mortgage lenders, delivering innovative solutions to streamline the real estate and mortgage financing experience for lenders, property owners and real estate professionals nationwide. Our headquarters are in Detroit, Michigan, and our team members span across the U.S., with offices in California, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas. What You'll Do/Need The Senior Data Warehouse Engineer (DWE) is responsible for the full life cycle of back-end development of the data warehouse. The DWE’s responsibilities include the development of ETL processes, dimensional design of the table structure, cube development for performance and database administration. This team member works closely with the Business Analyst to handle business requirements and develop processes necessary to provide visibility into the data via the centralized data warehouse and reporting platform. Responsibilities Design and support the database and table schemas for new and evolving sources of data being brought into the data warehouse Create and support the ETL to facilitate bringing data into the data warehouse using SQL Server Integration Services Create and support the SQL Server Analysis Services cubes to help with query performance Work closely with the front-end developers to ensure data that is being brought in and managed is clean, accurate, available and complete Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the data warehouse servers Follow the design principles and best practices defined by the team for data warehousing techniques and architecture Participate in an on-call rotation and in production code pushes after regular business hours Requirements Associate or bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent work experience 5 years of experience with SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 T-SQL coding 5 years of experience with SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 database administration 5 years of experience with SQL Server Integration Services (or a similar ETL tool) 5 years of experience with SQL Server Analysis Services 5 years of programming experience (e.g., VBScript, .Net) Experience leading small project teams and mentoring others What You'll Get We’re not your typical corporate workplace. At Amrock, we offer a unique, collaborative environment that inspires creativity and encourages teamwork. Our team members make positive client experiences a priority, so we make our team members’ workplace experiences a priority. We take pride in making Amrock a diverse, inclusive place to work for those who share our passion for helping make the real estate process faster and easier for everyone.