As a member of IT Data Services Management team, this person will create source to target designs, provide detailed data analysis, and manage metadata in support of the development and/or implementation of new or enhanced systems projects or programs. Participates in development of strategic and tactical planning activities, and works with IT PMO, business users, and technical peers to provide solution estimates. Reviews business requirements and leads source to target design efforts including system technical flows, use case analysis for a complex portfolio set of applications, leading a team of data analysts. Leads joint application design requirements and solution sessions across IT and business teams. Implements improvements to the quality of processes, standards and metrics. The Data Analyst works with subject matter experts from the project team to determine data requirements for analytical systems, develop these requirements into functional specifications and detailed data flow design documents, and participates in the full development process life-cycle from concept, through testing, to implementation. This includes identifying necessary data, reconciling with the new application and the legacy data sources and ensuring a successful implementation. This will include communicating business term definitions, establishing data quality rules, researching and analyzing data in support of business functions, process and workflow knowledge, and user acceptance testing. Leads the data and system impact analysis incorporating system designs and system architecture. Participate in problem management process. Performs data profiling and detailed data analysis of source systems and target analytic solutions. Any experience in Domain models and Canonical models is preferred. The ideal candidate will need to be able to work in a fast pace environment. They will be working on multiple, critical mission project initiatives. The candidate will need to be self-sufficient and take initiatives to drive results with minimal direction/supervision. Qualifications Job Required Education/Experience Bachelor's degree preferably in Computer Science, Statistics, or Mathematics or equivalent experience 5-8 years experiences in data analysis required 5 or more years hand on experience writing complex SQL General knowledge of Netezza and/or Oracle databases Working experience with Informatica Analyst and IBM Information Governance Catalog Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Job Additional Education/Experience Ability to work with SMEs and project team to understand and gather data requirements that will serve as inputs to assignment Performs data analysis, gap and impact analysis for medium to large sized assignment (with med/large number of data elements, one-to-multiple sources, business impact, and visibility). Uses documented procedures to create source-to-target mapping, document codemap capturing business and technical metadata, and complete data linkage. Highly proficient in SQL skills with ability to manipulate and analyze high-volume, high-dimensionality data from various sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques Performs data profiling, present findings to various audience, propose options and/or recommendations. Ability to perform adhoc, live research to demonstrate/present data issues, patterns, relationships, findings and/or recommendations. Understanding of different types of data models Ability to work with cross functional teams: data stewards, architects, data governance, data modeler, data quality, development, tech lead, and QA team to address data and mapping questions Ability to provide estimate for work assignment. Ability to provide concise and timely communications to project, business, and internal functional teams, and escalate issues as required Work collaboratively with data quality analysts, data stewards, and data governance team to resolve data quality issues Influence stakeholders to make product improvements that yield business value by effectively making compelling cases through story-telling, visualizations, and other influencing tools Participate in ongoing decisions concerning data collections, design, methodology, and data analysis Other duties as assigned Physical Requirements Office Environment - roles involving part to full time schedule in Office Environment. Based in our physical offices and work from home office/deskwork – Activity level: Sedentary, frequency most of work day. Please click here for further physical requirement detail.