Job Details Description About the Position The Warehouse Supervisor is responsible for leading and guiding all warehouse associates to coordinate and maintain an orderly, efficient, and consistent warehouse area from which all customer orders are received, replenished and shipped. Functions Leads the planning, execution, and communication of all warehouse functions. Promotes a safe, efficient, and quality focused culture through effective labor planning and daily interactions with all associates. Coordinates all warehouse resources to ensure customer’s shipping goals are met. Responsible for performing daily administrative functions including, but not limited to associate attendance, productivity tracking, discipline, payroll, etc. Leads, coaches, and develops warehouse personnel to drive individual accountability and promote organizational bench strength. Builds relationships with internal and external customers by serving as a communication link. Oversees the day to day implementation, maintenance, and continual improvement of successful KQMS, EIP, 6-S, and other corporate programs. Leads all site training on SOPs, WIs, CPs, and safety/quality alerts and ensures compliance with all processes. Collects KPI data and assists General Manager in developing required reporting. Leads Internal Quality Audits and EIP observations. Fills in for General Manager when necessary. Other duties as assigned by management. Qualifications High school diploma or GED with a minimum of 1 – 3 years related experience and/or training required; Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Warehousing and distribution familiarity preferred. Minimum of 3 years of experience in Warehousing or related required. Proficient utilizing MS Office – Excel, Outlook, & Word. Experience using warehouse and inventory management systems preferred; especially SAP and/or Oracle Ability to interact with all levels of staff and external customers in a courteous and professional manner. Must have customer service skills and the ability to interact with customers frequently. Ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks across a team of associates. Competencies Collaborates Drives Results Manages Ambiguity Customer Focused Balances Stakeholders Travel Requirements This position is expected to travel approximately 25% or less. A passport is not required, but recommended. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.