The DSL Project Coordinator is responsible for the overall service delivery of data services provisioned for customers in all 50 states. The Project Coordinator will manage orders, provide customer service, provide technical expertise, and take responsibility for coordinating all efforts to see a successful installation. A qualified candidate must possess strong project management skills, identify work flow problems, and provide timely resolutions. All considered candidates must have DSL experience and should be able to illustrate in detail differing aspects of IP networks, such as IP routing, DHCP, SNMP, and PPOE. An ideal candidate should have hands on DSL configuration experience and demonstrate basic IP networking skills. Duties & Responsibilities Initiate and maintain regular communications with customer and vendor to review and verify order package, review required information to provide services requested, schedule service installation and communicate milestone dates with Customer and/or Vendor. Perform services application/configuration design work for customer requirements Create Visio or other visual aid documentation for pre and post sales work. Configure SNMP into monitoring systems. Troubleshoot basic connectivity Conduct training programs to others team members. Participation in on-call rotation as well as all other duties as assigned by management Desired Qualifications 4+ years of telecommunications, information technology, data/voice field services, cabling, customer service, consulting, provisioning, LAN/WAN integration, technical support, PBX/Key System support, or other relevant experience. Able to handle multitasks in fast working environment. CCNA, CCSE, or a recognized IP network certification from a reputable vendor is required. Two or four year College degree is desirable. Intermediate understanding of local area network (LAN) topology using fundamental customer premise models such as home/office, corporate office, and small business office Ethernet applications. This includes a working knowledge of common end user operating systems, internal/external DMARC identification, 66/110 blocks. Specific understanding of customer service communication tools such as professional phone conduct conducive to telecommunications environment, working knowledge of common software communication tools such as email, word processor, spread sheet, and Internet browser. Requires familiarity with POTS and DSL testing of circuitry including: continuity, background interference, electronic loop back, shorts, grounds, crosses, splits, and bit error rate testing. This also includes troubleshooting Understanding of working in a multiple ILEC ordering environment, as a CLEC which includes: ATT, Embarq, Verizon, and others. Hour-by-hour confidence in working in a multi-tasking environment. Good analytical and problem solving ability. Able to handle stressful situations and comfortable with accountability. Strong ability to learn traditional provisioning systems related to internal and external customer profile creation for provisioning. Why MetTel MetTel is a leading global provider of integrated digital communications solutions for enterprise customers. By converging all communications over a proprietary network, MetTel enables enterprise companies to easily deploy and manage technology-driven voice, data, wireless and cloud solutions worldwide. MetTel's comprehensive portfolio of customer solutions boosts enterprise productivity, reduces costs and simplifies operations. Combining customized and managed communication solutions with a powerful platform of cloud-based software, the company's MetTel Portal® enables customers to manage their inventory, usage, spend and repairs from one simple, user friendly interface.