Cognizant’s CRM Business Unit is seeking a talented Adobe Marketing Architect to join its growing organization. We are looking for individuals in any major city across the USA who are willing to be traveling executive consultants for us, traveling to and from clients Monday through Friday. Job Description Years of Experience – 17- 20 years. Mandatory Skills – 3 to 5 years’ hands on experience in architecting Adobe campaign cloud solutions Ability to architect large scale technology solutions primarily using all of the Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions, including Campaign, Audience Manager, Target, AEM and Analytics Engage periodically with key technology partners to plan for sufficient capacity and to be aware of upcoming new features / provide guidance (relevance and timeframe) to customer those features and benefits Suggest new processes/application features which optimize technical operations and/or increase consumer engagement/conversion Hands-on expertise in Integrating Adobe Marketing Cloud products like Campaign, Audience Manager, Target, AEM and Analytics Possess a deep understanding and interest in emerging digital trends like mobile solutions Defining system s strategy, developing system requirements, designing and prototyping, testing and implementation Job Location : Dearborn, Michigan, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 12 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.