Who We Are Tonal is building an intelligent fitness system that will change the way people work out at home. It isn't a wearable or mobile app. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who’s seen our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. Tonal is a well-funded and fast growing startup that has built a close-knit culture of high performers. Led by repeat entrepreneurs, we’re a diverse team where everyone strives to be the best version of themselves, and we know that can't happen unless we're all having fun working on something that has meaning to us. If you’re passionate about both a healthy lifestyle and technology, then check us out! Overview Tonal is looking for a Documentation and Process expert to support our Customers directly while building a foundation for our internal and external knowledge bases. At Tonal, we place Customer Experience above all else; this role will have a direct impact in crafting our Customer Experience and in empowering our Customers to self-serve. In this positino, you will troubleshoot product issues, help Customers with questions/concerns, and contribute to the team’s overall development. What You Will Do Develop a deep expertise in Tonal. We drive Customer Satisfaction through efficient and accurate resolutions. All members of our team commit to ongoing learning and development in order to deliver the best experience possible to our Customers. Help Customers and represent the Tonal brand over a variety of channels! You are the ears and voice of the company. Deliver high quality work. Our Customers deserve and receive the best from our team in every interaction. Take issues on as your own. We treat Customers the way we want to be treated. Capture feedback from frontline Customer interactions and deliver insights and recommendations to internal stakeholders. Work cross-functionally to secure knowledge needed for documentation development and synthesize the information into the appropriate resources. Develop content, including but not limited to: knowledge base content, CRM template responses, troubleshooting guides, and messaging proposals. Cover flexible hours. This position includes some on-call work, including nights and weekends. Who You Are A Customer Advocate! You enjoy working with Customers, you know the Customer is always right, and you face even the most escalated contacts with empathy, respect, and support. Comfortable with full stack support. You can help Customers navigate issues across hardware, firmware, and software. A strong communicator with especially strong writing skills. You enjoy writing on a range of topics, from Customer-facing messages to internal bug reports -- no matter the subject, you love doing the writing. A strong typer. Minimum 60 WPM. Someone who understands Customer Care Operations, including the importance of tools/systems and the impact of written resources on the Agent and Customer experiences. You have experience with holistic support organizations and can speak to how Training, Content, Quality, and Operations work together to deliver white glove service. Working under pressure comes as second nature; you excel at navigating gray areas and you know when to stop and seek guidance. Detail oriented. Punctual. A believer in effective process and project management. You work well with stakeholders across the company and always follow up and follow through. Extra Credit Previous work on call center teams or with managing BPO relationships Experienced supporting products that deliver hardware, firmware, and software experiences Passionate about strength training, exercise, health and fitness