JCPenney is one of the nation’s largest apparel and home furnishing retailers with more than 1,000 stores and jcp.com. We are a diverse community of people, all working together to bring sensational style, sensible prices and the best service possible to our customers. We’re looking for talented individuals who want to work in an energetic, respectful, collaborative environment. With a wide array of jobs, internships, training and more, there are countless opportunities for you to grow your career with us. Be a part of the Digital Platform team responsible for the jcp.com website. You will be involved in the application changes and enhancements covering the entire software development lifecycle from define to build to test. If you are self-motivated and up for the challenge to meet business needs in a fast paced, agile and nimble environment, check out this opportunity with us! Responsibilities: Work with business analysts to estimate and design effective, scalable and maintainable solutions that meet business initiatives and objectives Develop and unit test software that meets business requirements and technical design Work directly with other JCPenney IT associates as well as JCPenney business customers to communicate technical capabilities Troubleshoot pre- and post-production implementations Propose new ideas when there is strong business value and stay up to date on the latest technology trends and techniques Accomplishments &Core; Competencies: Required: 5+ years of experience developing in Java technologies with equivalent experience in systems analysis, OO design, OO programming and debugging skills 2+ years of Java Spring Framework development 2+ years of J2EE and relational database experience (preferably Oracle) 1+ years of NoSQL experience (preferably Cassandra) 3+ years of ecommerce experience (preferably in retail) 1+ years of cloud computing experience (preferably AWS) Experience developing and using RESTful APIs (preferably micro services) Experience with UNIX/Linux command line and shell scripting Experience working in cross-functional Agile/Scrum teams Experience working directly with business stakeholders Experience with Java application profiling and profiling tools Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Work in a collaborative team environment Drive performance to accomplish team goals in a fast paced environment Bachelor’s degree or the above equivalent skills and years of experience Preferred: Experience with containers (preferably Docker) Experience with machine learning (concepts and application) Experience with Big Data technologies (e.g. Hadoop, Spark) Our corporate office supports the JCPenney stores nationwide and offers a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401(k) savings plan with company match, and a merchandise discount plan to JCPenney. Amenities include free covered parking, full cafeteria services, fitness center, and on-site childcare. For more opportunities to join our team please visit our careers page. Follow us and see what’s new: Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Media Room jcp.com LI-NF1