Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. The Engineering Team Our engineers are fueled by a passion to impact the future of mobility. They push the boundaries of telematics and transportation tech by creating and supporting cutting-edge products. As part of an Agile team, they are armed with the freedom to innovate and the opportunity to see projects through from start to finish. Using a variety of languages and a top-notch technology stack, our engineers make critical advances in areas like sensor technology, enterprise engineering and platform development. Our team understands what it means to collaborate and communicate in an interconnected gobal team, all while having trust, transparency and empathy for the end user. Which is pretty cool, if you ask us. The Role At Arity, we are utilizing cutting edge technologies (Cassandra, NiFi, Flink, Kafka, etc.) to create and deliver amazing capabilities and products. We are searching for a cloud architects who can help design, implement, and deploy our next generation analytics platform and to help us utilize our platform to deliver innovative products and solutions. Responsibilities Architect highly available and scalable systems on AWS utilizing Arity’s next generation analytics platform. Passionate about technology, software, and the Internet of Things. Drive solutions and best practices by mentoring fellow architects and engineers. Lead the hands-on technical delivery of new services and capabilities within our analytics platform. Provide thought leadership in the form of public speaking and presentations. Qualifications BA/BS degree or equivalent experience; Computer Science or Math background preferred 10+ years of software engineering and architect experience Deep understanding of cloud architectures and operations, security, automation and orchestration Experienced designing and deploying applications on AWS utilizing SQL and NoSQL data layer technologies. Experience migrating applications from traditional data center infrastructures to hybrid or fully-cloud based environments. Experience with Cassandra, Kafka, and NiFi Familiar with high-availability (HA) and failover implementations for network infrastructure and server systems AWS Certification is required; Certified AWS Solutions Architect is preferred. Familiar with continuous deployment methodology and common DevOps tools like Git and Jenkins. Excellent written and verbal communication skills including group leadership and executive presentations. A proven track record of managing and delivering large-scale enterprise projects. Strong written and oral communication skills Able to work independently or within a team Organized, responsive and highly thorough problem solver The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.