Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Responsible for architecting customer solutions that add customer value and account revenue. The Enterprise Architect will work with customers in a JAD session to help determine their business and technical requirements and develop new products/services that meet those needs. The EA will them work within the account and customer teams to integrate these new services from a service delivery, billing, SLA and operational perspective. Required skills are working in an enterprise environment as an enterprise architect for a minimum of 5 years. 2+ years of Cloud experience are required as are excellent customer interaction and verbal/written/presentation skills. Ability to interact with high level customer CIO and CEO personnel Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.