About Us St. John Providence Health System is a member of Ascension Health, the largest not-for-profit Catholic Health system in the United States. Our Mission, Vision and Values: St. John Providence Health System, as a Catholic health ministry, is committed to providing spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals in the communities we serve, with special attention to the poor and vulnerable. Our Values: We are called to: Service of the Poor, Reverence, Integrity, Wisdom, Creativity and Dedication Our Vision: Our passion for healing calls us to cultivate trust, advocate wellness, and transform healthcare. Job Description Summary: The Exercise Physiologist implements and supervises physical exercise programs for patients. Responsibilities: Provides patient testing and assessment before and after rehabilitation. Plans and teaches exercise therapy for patients utilizing test data, patient status and current medication regimen. Monitors patient's response and revises plan accordingly. Recognizes contraindications and abnormal patient responses to exercise. Responds appropriately to all situations including exercise cessation and referral to medical professionals. Provides exercise information for patients, peers and the community which may include public speaking and education classes. Explains program test procedures to patients for whom services are appropriate, which may include, but are not limited to, those with cardiovascular, pulmonary, metabolic, immunologic, inflammatory, orthopedic and neuromuscular diseases and conditions. Interviews patient to obtain vital statistics, medical history and records information. Collect, analyze and interpret pre and post exercise electrocardiograms. Supervises and monitors patient during both exercise (treadmill, bicycle ergo meter), pharmaceutical stress testing and tilt table testing. Applies appropriate testing modalities as ordered. Medication administration as delegated by physician. Administers and monitors IC's according to established protocols. Performs duties as delegated and supervised by the Michigan Public Health Code. http://www.msms.org/Content/ContentFolders/Advocacy2/ScopeofPractice/ScopePracBook.pdf Qualifications Licenses/Certifications/Registration: Required Credential(s): Certification specializing in Advanced Cardio Life Support obtained within 6 Months (180 days) of hire date or job transfer date. One or more of the following: Basic Life Support Provider certification from the American Heart Association (AHA) required. American Red Cross (ARC) CPR for Professional Rescuers card will be accepted upon hire but renewal must be a BLS Provider card from AHA. Preferred Credential(s): American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM) certification preferred. Education: Bachelor of Science or Applied Arts in Exercise Physiology or Kinesiology required Master's degree preferred Work Experience: 1 year of experience with stress testing preferred How To Apply If you are interested in joining the St. John Providence Health System team, click here https://ascension.ttcportals.com/jobs/search/ to search for a job and complete an online application. We urge you to apply for any/all positions in which you are interested. If you fit the qualifications for the role, we will reach out to you. Please ensure you complete all required fields within the application (indicated with an asterisk), as well as, additional information that is requested of you. Information that you offer us will better assist us in understanding your qualifications and fit for the position(s) for which you've applied. Equal Employment Opportunity St. John Providence Health System is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.