As a Software Engineer, you'll work collaboratively with a small team that combines research and engineering expertise focused on mobile computing solutions, seeking solutions to some of the most long-standing recognition challenges in machine vision. There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started. Responsibilities Research and develop machine learning models for image and video training resources. Develop data collections, labeling pipelines and evaluation pipelines. Optimize models for on-device and multi-modal intelligence. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in software development. 3 years of experience working in machine learning. Preferred qualifications: 3 years of research experience, focused on publishing or open-sourcing. 1 year of experience with TensorFlow. 1 year of experience in learning for computer vision, audio/speech processing, and/or natural language processing. Excellent C++ and/or Python programming skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.