Overview The Database Administrator ServiceNow role is technical in nature and dedicated to the administration and overall health of the ServiceNow platform. Responsible for fundamental administration and configuration tasks in the ServiceNow instance including, but not limited to, standard configuration, user administration, security, workflow, date management, and integrations. This role will manage the ServiceNow release cycle and is dedicated to working directly with the ServiceNow application. Responsibilities Responsible for fundamental administration and configuration tasks in the ServiceNow platform. Responsible for standard configuration, user administration, security, workflow, data management and integrations. Personalize and create forms and fields, create new applications, modules, and tables. Activate a plug-in, build reports, gauges, and homepages. Set up Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and monitor SLA workflows. Create and track Service Catalog requests, and items with variables. Create, monitor, modify, and publish Service Catalog workflows with approvals. Custom scripting. Build third party software integrations. Answering "how to" technical and application configuration questions. Aiding in translating business requirements into technical requirements. Facilitating roll out of new applications and modules. Manage the ServiceNow system upgrades. Assisting in troubleshooting patch / release management issues. Other job functions as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical degree required. Will consider relevant experience in lieu of education. Proven implementation experience, a background in the IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) business process, and working knowledge of IT operations. Previous experience with industry leading providers of help desk, IT service management, asset management, network and systems management or similar technologies preferred. Excellent communication, time-management and record keeping skills required. The ability to take complex end-user requirements to code. Strong personal commitment to quality service and the ability to work independently and with a team. Web Technologies (XML, HTML, JAVA Script, AJAX, CSS, HTTP, etc.). Web applications, networks, protocols and email (SMTP, POP3). Basic understanding of ITIL v3 methodologies. Understanding of enterprise IT architecture. Working knowledge of relational databases. Experience with database manipulation via a programming language. LDAP directories, such as: Active Directory, eDirectory, OpenLDAP. Single Sign-on using: Digested Token, SAML 1.1, SAML 2.0. Web Services integrations.