Company Overview Intrapreneurship is defined as creating from within, starting something from nothing. And it is at the heart of the people at Rightpoint. We are a values- led intrapreneurial organization. We’re driven by innovation, rooted in technology and relentlessly curious. We love the creativity involved in taking a blank screen and blinking cursor and making it something amazing. With intrapreneurship in our DNA, we’re able to move quickly to build unique, innovative customer experiences that evolve the way our clients do business. Are you someone who wants to create change in the way business is done? Do you want to work with inspired and like-minded intrapreneurs? Us too! We take our work very seriously, but we have fun doing it. And we’re searching for passionate, talented people to join the Rightpoint team. Rightpoint is the largest independent customer experience agency with technology at our core, and 450 employees across 10 offices. We create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, strategy, technology and design - and expanded mobile innovation and emerging technologies via Raizlabs. We serve more than 250 Fortune 1,000 companies with strategy, site design and development, content, CRM, commerce, BI and cloud infrastructure. And the industry is taking notice: Crain's Chicago Fast Fifty of “Fastest Growing Companies,” 2014 - 2017 "Top 100 Workplaces in Chicago" by the Chicago Tribune, 2014-2017 EY Entrepreneur of The Year® Award, Co-founders Ross Freedman & Brad Schneider: 2015 Midwest Dual Finalists One of the "Most Promising Companies in America" by Forbes in 2014 WATCH THIS to learn more about Rightpoint and our culture: https://www.rightpoint.com/careers Job Description Are you a passionate, hard-working individual who loves solving technical challenges? Are you a CMS expert with strong .NET architecture experience? Do you love the thrill of actively engaging clients and solving complex problems? Finally, can you effectively both architect as well as lead large project teams through a successful technical execution? If so then you will love working at with us. We are looking for a Solutions Architect with a strong foundation in .NET architecture and CMS expertise. The candidate who fills this role will wear many hats within our organization. The person must be a technical leader in both the sales process as well as on the delivery side. The position requires strong leadership skills with the ability to lead clients as well as internal technical teams. This is your chance to mold innovation and learning objectives using the latest technologies in a fast-paced digital agency. This job is located in the US and as such US-based applicants are preferred. Key Duties Architect and deliver complex technical solutions Lead technical project teams of 3-5+ developers, delivering both on time and within budget Effectively lead technical discovery engagements Give technical presentations and convey best of breed web application knowledge to clients Lead and mentor junior technical staff members Provide technical expertise during the sales process Generate technical proposals, generate estimates, and assist with closing sales deals Requirements B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, or related field Minimum of 4-7+ years of industry experience building sophisticated web-based solutions Minimum of 3-5 years of WCMS experience Proven experience in leading 2+ CMS architecture engagements Proficiency and fluency in C, ASP.NET, SOAP & REST web services, Entity Framework, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git, Subversion Experience integrating a variety of 3rd party systems Experience integrating various CMS platforms with Sitecore and/or Umbraco experience strongly desired Ability to write quality documentation to support work Ability to accurately estimate development time for key deliverables Strong communication skills with a focus on effectively providing feedback to project teams about deliverables, open issues, and requirements Ability to meet project timelines and budgets Ability to work effectively on collaborative multi-discipline project teams Ability/desire to interact with clients Professional demeanor Ability to convey technical information to non-technical clients and coworkers Ability to function in a fast-paced work environment Dedicated team player Excellent oral and written communication skills Excellent analytic and problem-solving skills Some travel will be required Benefits and Perks at Rightpoint: PTO + Paid Holidays Casual Dress (when in the office; when at a client site, we need to mirror their dress code) Flexible Work Schedule Great Health Coverage Medical – 4 plans to choose from! Dental Vision Life/AD &D;/Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Flexible Spending (Dependent & Healthcare) Transportation/Parking Pre-Tax Benefits 401k with Company Matching Weekly Peapod Snack/Drink delivery Regular Happy Hours and social events including: Volunteering, Game Nights, Basketball, 5K runs, golf outings, team sports, etc. Catered Lunches Every Other Friday Open Office Environment Continuous Training, Certifications, and Learning Opportunities This is a full time, salaried position. For more information, visit www.rightpoint.com. Rightpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law. Rightpoint is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an Internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services that allows Rightpoint to verify the employment eligibility of our employees. Based on the information provided by you on your Form I-9, Rightpoint will input that information into E-Verify which will confirm your information in DHS and Social Security Administration (SSA) databases. Your continued employment with Rightpoint is contingent upon an “Employment Authorized” result for you from the E-Verify system APPLICANTS MUST BE PERMANENTLY AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S.. WE ARE UNABLE TO OFFER SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME