Salesforce/CRM - Cloud Applications Architect - BEC008408 About Us Beckman Coulter develops, manufactures and markets products that simplify, automate and innovate complex biomedical testing. Our diagnostic systems, found in hospitals and other critical care settings around the world, produce information used by physicians to diagnose disease, make treatment decisions and monitor patients. Scientists use our life science research instruments to study complex biological problems including causes of disease and potential new therapies or drugs. More than 275,000 Beckman Coulter systems operate in both diagnostics and life sciences laboratories on all seven continents. For 80 years, our products have been making a difference in peoples’ lives by improving the productivity of medical professionals and scientists, supplying critical information for improving patient health and reducing the cost of care. Beckman Coulter offers a broad array of comprehensive, competitive benefit programs that add value to associates' and their families' lives. Whether it's a health care program or paid time off, our programs contribute to life beyond the job. Check out our benefits. We think you'll like what you see. If you believe your education and experience are in line with the position description and qualifications referred to above, and are motivated, energetic, and looking for a new and exciting opportunity, please submit your resume online at the URL below or at www.beckmancoulter.com. Beckman Coulter is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. Description Cloud Applications Architect will join the CRM DevOps Team as an individual contributor to support the CRM applications for the Sales, Quote-to-Cash, Marketing, and Service business functions. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in the Quote to Cash process with advance experience in complex CRM projects and configurations, scripting languages, and is able to work independently once provided direction and objectives. This role will be working with the Business users and IT team members to design, configure, develop and deliver solutions that enable CRM automated processes and support the execution of Customer Relationship Management strategies. Responsibilities include: Works closely with the business functions such as Sales, Configure/Price/Quote, Marketing, and Service to understand ongoing maintenance, enhancements, project requirements and capabilities. Identifies and evaluates best practices related to the use of tools both internally and externally and makes recommendations to management for incorporation into existing tool functionality. Stays abreast of the trends in technology in support of CRM. Designs, develops and configures solutions using out of box functionality or custom applications in a sandbox environment. Support and enhance CRM integration to Oracle ERP or Other Cloud Applications. Tests and validates functionality and integrity of the changes before moving to production. Ensures systems work optimally together in a seamless fashion Incorporates industry standard user interface design that is intuitive, simple and easy to use. Designs data integrity protocols to prevent data entry errors to ensure data quality. Strong interpersonal skills with the proven ability to lead cross functional teams; teamwork skills. Possess professional written and verbal communication skills Ability to liaise at all levels under pressure. Demonstrated ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced environment. Will have strong software engineering best practices background, with demonstrated ability to adhere to source control and design control processes; must possess a focused urgency and willingness to manage multiple short- and moderate-duration projects simultaneously. Qualifications Basic Requirements: Bachelor’s degree 9+ years of relevant experience within IT 6+ years of cloud application experience 4+ years of experience with Salesforce with Developer/Admin certifications. 2+ years of experience with complex development ( Salesforce/ Cloud development) Preferred Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in healthcare, business, computer science, education, or other relevant field. Oracle CPQ BigMachines Yellow Belt and Blue Belt certified Experience with Integration tools like informatica, Oracle SOA Project Management Certification Experience with ServiceMax, Oracle SQL.PLSQL, Eloqua Java, Java Script, SFDC – Apex, VF Experience with complex global projects. Experience working with JIRA, Fisheye, SVN, Jenkins or other automated migration tools. Working knowledge of both Agile and Waterfall software development methodology. BECKRSR Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked 162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years. At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization : Beckman Coulter - Diagnostics Job Function : Information Technology Primary Location : North America-North America-United States-CA-Brea Schedule : Full-time