The mission of Category Insights is to serve the Marketing organization by applying primary consumer research and analytics to answer business questions, help decision support and measure performance, all in service of continuing to transform marketing and unlock growth for Best Buy. You will be part of a team that helps inform Category strategy, measure past performance and optimize exciting, new marketing efforts. As a key member of the MCI team, you will be focused on strengthening and accelerating the analytics capability. In this role, you will partner closely with the business team and work collaboratively across the Market and Consumer Insights team (MCI). You will answer business questions though data driven insights, measure our customer base and build and/or enhance processes across different data platforms. The successful candidate will bring business acumen, well-honed analytical skills, and a strong ability to uncover and communicate insights that address a variety of difficult business questions and influence business strategy. You will be known for providing insightful, well crafted, data driven insights that solve business problems and reveal unknown opportunities. Additionally, your relentless curiosity will allow you to proactively look for opportunities to drive growth for the entire organization and provide a catalyst for change. Key Responsibilities Scope and prioritize analytics business questions based on value, urgency, and dependency. Obtain and document clear project milestones and deliver insights, implications, and recommendations accurately and on-time, leading the organization to fact based decision making in an expedient manner. Work cross functionally within the MCI organization to synthesize multiple sources of information. Provide Advanced Analytical support to MCI to support a 360 degree view of the customer and to provide growth for the larger organization Drive Customer Engagement by providing data driven insights to influence Marketing strategies Contribute to the larger MCI Analytics community by providing analysis, visualization, coding, and documentation best practices. Minimum Qualifications: 3 years’ experience in marketing analytics, business or related area 3 years’ experience and proficiency with Excel, data transformation and reporting 2 or more years of database analytics experience using multiple databases (Teradata and Netezza). 2 or more years of experience using database programming language like SQL, SAS. 2 or more years of experience using programming language to infer statistical differences amongst millions of customer records and infrequent transactional behaviors. Ability to work autonomously as needed Expert in data visualization tool like Tableau. Familiarity with statistical methods, with a working practitioner’s knowledge of time series forecasting, clustering, matched-pairs, t-tests, factor analysis, tree-based models, generalized linear modeling, sampling, and survey design and measurement. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate insights, implications and recommendations to non-technical business people, as well as Senior Leadership. Strong client management skills and experience with end-to-end project management Relentless curiosity, creative problem solving skills and initiative Preferred Qualifications: Master’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or Business Experience in consumer electronics retail analytics or low-transaction frequency retail business analytics, leveraging transactional, demographic, and survey data. Experience in digital analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics.