Make an Impact in a Key Marketing Role Responsible for Creating and Delivering Digital Marketing Content to Support Leading Automotive Cockpit Electronics Products and Technologies Opportunity for a new to mid-level digital marketer to advance his/her skills with an innovative industry leader. If you combine a passion for digital marketing with key skills, such as website and intranet management, search engine optimization (SEO), social media savvy and analytics, the role of digital marketing specialist offers some compelling opportunities: You can make an impact as you support our upcoming newly redesigned website, support social media strategy and execution, take ownership of SEO and more. Your strong efforts will heavily contribute to the overall success of the marketing and communications team’s digital efforts. This is a fast-paced, dynamic role. Every day you will take on interesting challenges and have opportunities to grow. You'll be able to contribute to a global company in a real and visible way. Throughout your work, you will have interactions with and enjoy exposure to stakeholders across the organization , including the global marketing and communications team and other functions such as HR, IT and product development. This is an opportunity to demonstrate your skills and talent. Our company rewards performance. You can participate in our Annual Incentive program, which can reward you for contributing to the company's financial and operational success in a given year. As innovators, we love new and creative ideas. We will welcome your strong ideas and want to learn how you would improve our efforts. Your work will support our cutting-edge products. Visteon is a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity, and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. We have a cockpit electronics portfolio that few competitors can match and are well-positioned to address several key trends in our business, none greater than the evolution toward autonomous driving, which requires new technology to enable drivers to interact safely and efficiently with their vehicles. A technology-driven company focused on cockpit electronics and the road to autonomous driving. Visteon is at the epicenter of the connected car driving revolution, with one of the broadest cockpit electronics portfolios in the industry. We are a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity, and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. We have a cockpit electronics portfolio that few competitors can match and are well- positioned to address several key trends in our business, none greater than the evolution toward autonomous driving, which requires new technology to enable drivers to interact safely and efficiently with their vehicles. Pictured: Visteon's award-winning SmartCore™ is the industry's first cockpit domain controller, and the Gen 2 Phoenix System integrates different domains, including infotainment, instrument clusters, information displays, head-up displays, advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and connectivity. SmartCore is an important part of our roadmap to autonomous driving. The Requirements To be a good fit for the digital marketing specialist opportunity, you will have: 3-5 years of relevant digital experience in a marketing/communications environment A bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, digital marketing, or in a directly related field is highly preferred. We will also consider a degree from a non-related field if combined with proven related experience. Experience, preferably in a business-to-business environment, creatively developing content related to technical products or software for multiple channels and audiences. Technical aptitude and interest; the ability to understand products dependent on complex software systems. Your skills and experience should include most of the following Thorough understanding of (and a commitment to staying current with) web, social media, and digital marketing best practices, strategies, tactics, trends and SEO, etc. in support of strategic marketing and communications efforts. Experience with WordPress, content management systems, Google Analytics, basic/intermediate HTML, email marketing platforms (MailChimp), Adobe Photoshop and Acrobat, Microsoft Office, and Windows OS required. Experience managing social media accounts, analytics, and editorial calendars for an organization (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.) and using Hootsuite (or similar social media management platform). Familiarity with front/back-end development concepts and functions. Familiarity with paid digital marketing campaigns, including the usage of Google AdWords, Facebook Business/Ad Manager, LinkedIn InMail, etc. Experience resizing images/graphics/videos for web. Understanding of the principles of SEO with the ability to make suggestions to improve those efforts. Experience with digital cameras and photo/video capturing/editing is a plus. Experience with PowerPoint presentation development is a plus. Google Certification a plus. In addition, you will need the following core competencies and characteristics: Professional polish to work with all levels and titles, including senior leadership. Exceptional organization, prioritization, communication, interpersonal, and collaboration skills – must be able to communicate clearly and effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues. Strong attention to detail, self-motivated, flexible and deadline oriented. Exceptional work ethic with accountability necessary to meet position objectives. Ability to consider multiple audiences, manage concurrent projects, and prioritize work according to strategic goals – meeting requirements and deadlines with a positive attitude. Proven ability to work effectively and creatively with limited resources, and thrive and excel in a fast-paced environment. Typically, you will work traditional business hours (8 a.m. to 5 p.m.) but will need the flexibility to work outside of those hours to meet your responsibilities. For example, you will occasionally be responsible for posting press releases on the website and intranet before 8 a.m. Some tasks can be scheduled or managed remotely. Pictured: Visteon is a pioneer and leader in head up displays (HUDs), helping drivers keep their eyes on the road. Our engineers are bringing higher definition and modular product architecture to HUD, based on tailored kinematic system. This version is available on the Mitsubishi Eclipse. The Role Reporting to the corporate communications manager, you will be a key member of the marketing and communications team. As digital marketing specialist, you will maintain Visteon's website, intranet and social media channels to support the company's products and technologies. You will take copy, graphics, and video content and elevate it as appropriate - leveraging your creativity to post it professionally and creatively across various platforms. You will prepare videos for our YouTube channel and embed them in our blogs and website, select and resize images for the web, prepare employee news stories for the Intranet, and create social media campaigns...whatever is necessary to tell our story. Content will include, but is not be limited to, press releases, press kits, photos, video, technical papers, infographics and media articles. To provide more color to the role, in the following areas, you will: Support web strategy and execution Maintain Visteon’s website (visteon.com), which will soon relaunch as a WordPress site. Work closely with global marketing and communications team members to create and update content and assets, including day-to-day updates and integration with CRM. Understand key front- and back-end web development concepts, to ensure successful implementation, performance, responsiveness, security, maintenance, and accessibility; resolve any issues quickly and effectively. Ensure the company’s web presence adheres to standards for uniformity of brand, message, style and design. Establish, track, and report on KPIs using Google Analytics to confirm and enhance performance; propose and implement new/improved functions related to findings. Assess and evolve the website to keep up with web best practices and trends. Support social media strategy and execution Support Visteon’s social media campaigns on blog, Twitter, Google+, YouTube, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and Slideshare; provide guidance and assist China marketing and communications team with WeChat as needed. Assess the effectiveness of current social media accounts and develop a strategy to best manage their daily operation and success. Author original content and repurpose existing content; monitor social media activities and conversations; and effectively engage/respond to build brand visibility and user engagement. Create and maintain an editorial calendar to align with key business pursuits, marketing events, recruiting efforts and other key initiatives/events throughout the year. Attend local industry and employee events as needed to obtain photo and video assets for posting on social media accounts. Establish, track, and report on KPIs to confirm and enhance content strategy using tools such as Facebook Insights and Twitter Analytics. Provide guidance for facilities or countries wishing to establish/maintain approved Visteon-affiliated social media accounts; Create process of monitoring/governance/coordination for affiliated accounts. Contribute to the overall success of marketing and communications’ digital efforts Provide digital content strategy and direction while leveraging existing (and resourcing new) digital assets (branded images, graphics, photography, video, and written content) with marketing and communications team support. Research and recommend ideal email marketing tools; format, test and send branded mass emails to media and other stakeholders. Respond to, or forward to appropriate parties, external inquiries from applicable email campaigns as well as general webmaster email; raise important issues as needed. Partner with and manage photography and video vendors, as needed Perform other functions, including some administrative, as needed in support of essential duties and responsibilities. _Note: this description is intended to give you a general overview of the position and is not an exhaustive listing of duties and responsibilities._ Pictured: Visteon's breakthrough approach to infotainment the next-generation Phoenix™ infotainment platform - is one of the most crucial systems to enhancing the user experience in a connected car. Like all our infotainment solutions, it enables connectivity to the Internet of things (IoT) and the cloud, and offers personalization and artificial intelligence functionalities. What's in It for You Flexible work We are committed to mutually agreeable work schedules that take into account the variability of project requirements and employees' own needs. Focusing on the future Our company strategy focuses on emerging areas of the automotive industry, including autonomous vehicles. This strategy is driven by constant innovation, and you will support our efforts through your role. We are recognized across the industry for innovation. For example, our SmartCore™ cockpit domain controller earned an Automotive News PACE Award for innovation in 2018. Professional development Working at Visteon is not a destination, but a journey in which our employees can develop their strengths and advance their careers while helping a global, technology-focused company achieve its goals. We have a variety of programs to support employees' ongoing development. Visteon is dedicated to providing employees with regular feedback through check-in conversations at key stages of projects. Employees engage in regular discussions covering their performance, impact and development opportunities throughout the year, are rewarded for their commitment and results. Stability and growth We have a strong book of business that is expected to drive future growth, along with a customer base that includes almost every automotive manufacturer in the world. Our revenues in 2017 were $3.15 billion. Highly competitive compensation At Visteon, employees are part of an international organization and are often in daily contact with colleagues and customers all over the world. The nature of our organization allows employees at all levels to deliver results that affect our business on a daily basis. Visteon offers competitive salaries and benefits and an environment that encourages employees to achieve their career goals. Pictured: Visteon is actively developing and testing our DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform, combining hardware and software that is accelerating adoption of self-driving technology. Keys to Success This is an individual contributor role, but you'll interact with stakeholders and share your expertise company-wide. That means you'll need professional polish, outstanding communication skills and confidence in your work. You'll need to be able to influence without formal authority and motivate others to deliver content so that you can make your deadlines. The challenge is in coordination. With content coming in across so many channels, you'll need to be an organizational ninja, able to bend and balance multiple activities. There will plenty of moving parts and the pace will be fast. Not only will you need excellent organizational skills, but you'll also need the flexibility and adaptability to adjust as priorities shift. In addition, in order to be an outstanding digital marketing specialist, you will: Take a proactive approach to getting up to speed with our processes, technologies and products quickly and continue to expand your knowledge and skills on an ongoing basis Take ownership of your role and manage your responsibilities independently, but also know when to reach out for help Be aware of how different audiences impact your choices and work Promote collaboration and knowledge sharing with others Combine analytical skills with creativity in solving problems Keep a constant eye out for ways to improve processes Pictured: Visteon is leading the shift to all-digital cockpits, including instrument clusters that feature rich 3-D graphics and simpler user interface. Shown here is the instrument cluster available on the Ford Mustang. About Us About Visteon Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions for most of the world’s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers, vehicle connectivity and the DriveCore™ autonomous driving platform. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of $3.15 billion in 2017. Learn more at www.visteon.com. Visteon is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Our Vision A top-three cockpit electronics player delivering a rich, connected cockpit experience for every car from luxury to entry level. For more information about our company, technologies and products, please visit our YouTube page. Clicking on this link will open a new browser window, but be sure to come back to submit your resume.