Overview: At Continental, the Advanced Engineering group is responsible for developing technology for the next generation of vehicles that will enable us to have a safe, clean and comfortable driving environment. We are a small and agile team of developers driven by our love for technology. Changing the world one car at a time is our passion. Responsibilities: Developing machine learning solutions for low and high-speed vehicle maneuvering by using your expertise with machine learning algorithms. Contribute to feature extraction, trajectory planning, and behavior planning for a driverless system. Develop machine learning solutions for real-time decision-making algorithms for autonomous mobility solutions. Develop novel algorithms and manage the challenges associated with running these methods in real time to monitor complex system Design, Training, and Validation of Deep Neural Networks, Bayesian Networks, SVM, Gaussian Models etc Development of pattern recognition and data clustering algorithms Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: At least 2 years of professional work experience as an Algorithm Engineer, Data Scientist, Machine Learning Engineer, or similar role working on machine learning based solutions. Bachelors Degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science (Masters or Ph.D. highly preferred) At least 2 years of experience in algorithm design and problem-solving At least 2 years of professional work experience programmer in Python, C/C++ Strong oral and written communication skills Proficiency in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Preferred Qualifications: Masters or Ph.D. in Electrical/Computer Science/Computer Engineering/Controls Engineering. Experience using Tensorflow, Caffe, KNIME, R, Matlab Expertise in development of computer vision/image processing algorithms for embedded systems. Experience in vehicle control systems calibration Experience with sensor fusion, machine learning or environmental perception sensors Hands-¬on expertise in robotics and image processing EEO Statement EEO / AA / Disabled / Protected Veteran Employer. Continental offers equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to unlawful consideration to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability