Summary Esurance is looking for a Manager, Data Quality to join a dynamic and award- winning team of individuals who are committed to making insurance smarter, easier, and dare we say- cooler. As part of a growing company that is focused on providing an outstanding customer experience, you’ll have the opportunity to expand your skills and discover your potential. If you’re looking for a career at a socially conscious company that offers great benefits — including matching 401k and tuition reimbursement — then you may have just found your new home. Esurance combines the spunk of a startup company with the backing of Allstate (the largest publicly held personal lines insurer in the U.S.) to create a unique, energized, and exciting place to work. Responsibilities Manages the quality of data in the company?s business systems and applications. Manages the development and implementation of a long-term data quality strategy and related quality improvement projects. Job Responsibilities: Manages the development and implementation of a long-term data quality strategy which is focused on analyzing core data to identify quality gaps, implements reporting processes to track data quality improvements over time, and enhances current systems. Prioritizes and effectively manages multiple projects based on business requirements; defines and prioritizes high-value data quality projects and manages projects to completion by partnering with other IT departments and Business Owners. Communicates and collaborates with data quality technical staff, applications development, and data owners/subject matter experts from the businesses to ensure high quality data. Utilizes data profiling and data quality tools, as well as with various data sources to uncover and determine root causes of data quality issues. Promotes the need for and benefits of data quality to other IT departments and to the business areas. Collaborates directly with the business data owners to establish the quality business rules that will provide the foundation of the organization's data quality improvement plan. Establishes a data quality methodology documenting a repeatable set of processes for determining, investigating and resolving data quality issues, establishing an on-going process for maintaining quality data, and defining data quality audit procedures. Evaluates data standardization and validation tools including setup and scheduling periodic updates. Implements approved configuration changes and monitors changes day to day. Establishes a Data Quality and Data Governance Dashboard. Participates in the establishment of department goals and for implementing procedures and performance standards to achieve these goals; manages, coordinates, monitors and evaluates the activities of assigned staff. Responsible for the employment, promotion, associate performance evaluation, training, motivation, counseling, and discipline of assigned associates. Qualifications: Excellent leadership, project management and coaching skills. Able to work independently, and within a collaborative team oriented environment using sound judgment in decision-making. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with customer service, analytical and troubleshooting skills. Organized and detail-oriented, able to work well under deadlines in a changing environment and perform multiple tasks effectively and concurrently. Experience / Education: Bachelor?s degree in Computer Science, Management of Information Systems (MIS), a related field or equivalent education required. 10 or more years of experience in data management which includes the following is required: o2 or more years in data quality including data cleansing, maintenance and governanceo5 or more years in data warehousing and enterprise reporting.o5 or more years with in MS Transact-SQL language with at least 1 year in SQL 2005.o3 or more years of experience with the direct supervision of employees, or in a lead role. Qualifications Benefits At Esurance, being committed to our employees is not just something we say, it’s something we do. Our benefits package is designed to help our associates stay healthy, meet their long-term financial goals, and balance the demands of work and personal life. Esurance rewards hard work, dedication, and creativity with competitive salaries and a generous bonus system. We are committed to our employees and we are dedicated to creating a diverse, positive, innovative and team-oriented work environment. Health & wellness Medical, vision, and dental insurance Life insurance (company-paid and supplemental) Accidental death and dismemberment coverage Wellness coaching and incentives Group critical illness coverage Accident indemnity and hospital indemnity plans Group legal Savings 401(k) plan with annual matching contribution Referral bonuses Performance-rewarding bonus system Tuition assistance program (up to $5,250 per year) Health savings and flexible spending accounts Commuter benefits Family & Community Adoption assistance Maternity leave Buckle Up Baby program Pet insurance discount Charitable gift matching Give Time, Get Time volunteer program Employee Assistance Program Time off Short-term disability Long-term disability (employee-paid option) Paid time off (holidays, vacation, personal choice days)