zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. As a Senior Software Engineer at zulily, you are chartered with building the technology that powers the second fastest growing online retailer in history. Our incredible growth means we face new challenges on a consistent basis. In this position, you must explore new technologies and collaborate with other engineers to design and build world-class technical services. Your team deploys production code rapidly to keep pace with zulily’s changing business, you are mindful of avoiding technical debt, and you take ownership of your team's roadmap and everything you do. Essential Job Functions Develop and deploy solutions independently and as a team member Participate in design efforts and discussions Review requirements, software designs, and code Own the quality of the deliverables Collaborate across business teams (stakeholders) Operate and provide 24/7 services to internal and external customers Research new technologies to support build vs. buy and rapid growth of the business Design in a mindset of reducing technical debt Consistently delivers work with started timelines QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field required. A combination of education plus equivalent work experience may be considered. Preferred Education: Master's Degree 5+ years programming experience Ability to mentor and influence other developers within the team Ability to work in a fast paced, evolving, growing and dynamic environment Ability to think system wide and translate business requirements into code Strong analytical skills with a data driven approach and ability to measure impact of project and product deliverables Strong software design and architecture skills with an eye toward avoiding and reducing technical debt Ability to explore new ideas and have a passion to make them happen Strong communication and relationship building skills with the ability to influence others zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.