Purpose Provide Edge Networking support services to the University of Texas at Austin focusing on wired and wireless services for key university operations infrastructure such as wireless controller management, location services and securing healthcare networks for Dell Medical School. Essential Functions Consult with customers and vendors to design, implement and troubleshoot complex wireless architectures, wireless positioning and security systems. Responsible for oversight of on-going operational work activities such as: installations, repairs, troubleshooting and maintaining network equipment; service request and incident ticket triage. Exercise independent judgment and make decisions in order to achieve goals with some existing guidelines and minimal oversight. Driving university owned vehicles to job sites will be required when necessary. Independently design, build and operate networks for university unit networks. Evaluates needs and design cost-effective solutions to meet business requirements while adhering to campus network standards established by architects. Focus on securing medical devices and data. Maintain close communications and good working relationships with customer representatives. Participate in complex project management and execution. Assist junior members. Participate in Edge and Core Networking 24x7 on-call rotation and after-hours escalation process. Operate and maintain enterprise tools, data content, and respond to events utilizing FCAPS management systems (Airwave, OpenNMS, Solarwinds NCM, splunk, etc). Responsible for enforcement and collaboration of network standards, operational policy and on-going procedures. Responsible for lifecycle management of standard operation procedures and organizational standards documentation with emphasis on the wireless ecosystem. Responsible for engaging network architects and management to gain feedback and approval for standards and procedures. Assist customers and staff with their understanding and adherence to standards and procedures. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Maintain acceptable driver rating as established in Policy UTS157 Section 2.5.4. Licenses: Class "C" Operator's Driver's License. Applicant selected must provide a current three year Driving Record from the current state of residence. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver's License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Required qualifications The successful candidate will have: Extensive experience with medium to large enterprise wireless network operations. Experience with Cisco Systems switches, routers, wireless controllers and access points, and firewalls (Cisco IOS). Experience with TCP/IP, routing/switching concepts, and common routing protocols. Experience with IEEE 802.11, WPA/WPA2, EAP and encapsulation protocols. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Current Class "C" Operator Driver License required. Prior to date of hire, applicant selected must provide a Motor Vehicle Report (MVR) showing a driving history going back 36 months. This includes all states resided in for the past 36 months. MVR will be evaluated to determine eligibility to drive a university owned vehicle. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications The successful candidate will have: Bachelor's degree in a related field. A combination of 10 years of experience with large scale, enterprise Wi-Fi networks. Experience in healthcare network environments. Demonstrated experience in: network security and best practices (3 yrs); customer support and services (3 yrs); Specific Cisco WiSM2/55xx/85xx controllers; Aironet 26xx/27xx/28xx/36xx/37xx/38xx APs. Higher education work experience. Working conditions May work in extreme temperatures May work around standard office conditions May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Climbing of stairs Climbing of ladders Lifting and moving May require occasional work in confined spaces such as cable chases and equipment rooms. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus