Operations Data Quality Manager-1804941 Description Position Summary: The teams provides core IT Operational support to key functional areas in Santander Operations. The department aims to ensure high-level of accuracy in data quality by taking direct ownership of data in the Core IT System. The departments are also responsible for establishment of daily operational control processes by tracking, testing, analyzing and reporting of key conditions. To meet this objective, metrics are run on the databases and analysis is done of data that flows from one database to another to validated and ensure consistency in data. Action plans are designed to correct errors that are discovered during such analysis. Position Duties: Develop project plans and team responsibilities. Fixing data issues: 60% development, 40% data analysis of root causes Work with the management team and contribute to the development and implementation of department strategies. Contribute significantly in long-term planning, including taking initiative geared toward operational excellence. Drive initiatives in the team that contribute to long-term development of quality services. Improve the operational systems and processes in support of organizations goals specifically, support better management reporting, information flow and management, business process and development of controls. Manage and increase the effectiveness and efficiency of company services through improvements to each function as well as coordination and communication between IT, support and business areas. Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in IT or Mathematics or Computer Science, Master’s Degree preferred 7+ years experience in Financial, Consulting, Auditing and IT preferred. 7+ years of with data analysis and root analysis in the form of remedy tools/batches. Experience working with SQL, Mainframe, MS Office Suite (Access, Excel), R a plus. Experience leading queries and fixing data issues. 10% travel or less. Job :Tech & Ops Management Strategy Primary Location :Massachusetts-Dorchester Organization :Technology (5900) Schedule :Full-time Job Posting :Jul 24, 2018, 10:52:34 PM