Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. At Facebook, we have many opportunities to work with data each and every day. How would you like to work on data and build some of the tools that are critical to moving & transforming this data into valuable & insightful information? If so, this is the right job for you. Our Infrastructure Strategy team works very closely with all aspects of Infra data, both internal and external. We are looking for a Data Engineer with Software Engineering chops to not only build data pipelines to efficiently and reliably move data across systems, but also to build the next generation of data tools to enable us to take full advantage of this data. In this role, you will get opportunities to expand our toolkit, enrich the strategic signal of our data, work more closely with new areas of infrastructure, and to grow a team that will use these core assets to have a big impact on the business. RESPONSIBILITIES Build data expertise and own data quality for the pipelines you build Architect, build and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics Design, build and launch extremely efficient & reliable data pipelines to move data (both large and small amounts) to our Data Warehouse Design and develop new systems and tools to enable faster data consumption Use your expert coding skills across a number of languages including Python and Java or PHP Interface with engineers, product managers and product analysts to understand data needs Build framework for auditing, error logging & master data management for your pipelines Work across multiple teams in high visibility roles and own the solution end- to-end MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years of Python development experience 3+ years of SQL (Hive, Oracle, MySQL, etc.) experience 2+ years experience with Data Modeling Experience analyzing data to identify deliverables, gaps and inconsistencies 3+ years of experience in custom or structured (Informatica/Ab Initio/Talend/Pentaho, etc.) ETL design, implementation, and maintenance Experience working with a MapReduce or an MPP system Experience leading data driven discussions BS in CE/EE/CSE or computational sciences PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with more than one coding language MS in CE/EE/CSE or computational sciences