Our computational challenges are so big and unique we can't just buy our hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Our Platforms Team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Mechanical Engineer you design and evaluate our data center systems, identifying product requirements and contributing to research and project planning. From the chip to chiller, you are responsible for designing and optimizing an architecture that will scale with Google's continued growth. With your technical expertise, you lead and manage projects, develop product and process improvements, provide consultation to others and help facilitate training and development. Data Center Services Engineering is a project and campus focused technical engineering role. As a Data Center Mechanical Engineer you will provide a deep technical understanding of Google’s data center design to the Field Execution and Operations teams in support of their initiatives. Additionally, you will also be responsible for supporting other teams in the development and evaluation of conceptual design. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Manage all site level mechanical engineering challenges during project execution phase. Identify and resolve challenges with the cross functional teams and maintain all mission critical data center related mechanical system design requirements. Support the commissioning team in development of documentation and testing procedures for each project. Be responsible for supporting quality assurance and control (QA/QC) during the construction process. Provide technical guidance to vendor teams in the resolution of challenges, support program level efforts. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in the Design-Build environment for fast track mission critical facilities (e.g. data centers, chip fab, pharma, power plants, industrial, etc.). Experience in construction administration and/or construction management. Experience in design, construction, and commissioning of central utility plant and piping/duct systems. Preferred qualifications: Professional Engineering license. Experience in estimating, mechanical design, operation and commissioning of central utility plants, water processing systems, air distribution systems, and complex PLC based controls systems. Knowledge of large-scale mission critical facilities mechanical infrastructure systems. Experience with project total cost of ownership (TCO). At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.