The Boston College Libraries is seeking a _Library Systems Administrator_ to manage library software applications. Reporting to the Head Librarian, Systems and Applications, the Library Systems Administrator will further the Library’s mission by managing and maintaining library technologies that support the creation, acquisition, access, and preservation of scholarly resources. Working in the Library Systems & Applications Department, the Library Systems Administrator will collaborate with a team of library technologists. The Library Systems Administrator will serve as the primary manager for the Library’s proxy server (EZProxy) and resource sharing systems (ILLiad/Rapid). The Library Systems Administrator will also serve as the secondary administrator for the Library’s Integrated Library System (Alma). Duties include troubleshooting technical problems, installing software upgrades, log monitoring, communicating with users and vendors, and customizing user interfaces and functionality as needed. The Library Systems Administrator will also develop library software applications in project and/or team settings. The ideal candidate will have a good understanding of academic library operations, and a proven ability to work within a team environment and actively promote collaboration. He/she should possess knowledge of proxy servers (e.g., EZProxy) and resource sharing systems (e.g., ILLiad), as well as have experience with systems administration in a LAMP environment. Working knowledge of one or more structured programming languages (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, etc.) is preferred. Full-Time Equivalent Hiring Range: $67,700 to $84,650; salary commensurate with relevant experience. Requirements Position Requirements Bachelor’s degree; MLS/MLIS/MIS from an ALA Accredited School preferred Occasional weekend or off-work hours are required to handle system outages and routine maintenance. Preferred: 2 years of related work experience Experience working in an academic library System administration experience with RHEL/CentOS; experience configuring and managing web servers (e.g., Apache HTTP Server, Nginx, etc.) Experience with application development in a Unix/Linux environment Working knowledge of one or more structured programming languages (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, etc.) Experience with use of proxy servers for IP authentication (e.g., EZProxy) Experience with resource sharing systems (e.g. ILLiad) Proven ability to work within a team environment and actively promote collaboration Strong analytical skills Ability to set priorities and work independently Excellent oral and written communication skills Closing Statement Boston College conducts background checks as part of the hiring process. Boston College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected category including disability and protected veteran status. To learn more about how BC supports diversity and inclusion throughout the university please visit the Office for Institutional Diversity at http://www.bc.edu/offices/diversity.