Who are we? Ever checked in somewhere on social media? Ever tracked your online orders?” You might be using HERE Technologies every single day without even realizing it. You can find us everywhere: in vehicles, smartphones, drones or third- party apps. We believe that with the right people, we will continue to be a game-changer in the technology industry and improve the daily lives of people around the world. Find out more by clicking the video below or going HERE Platform Operations & IT (POIT) owns, operates and provides customer and sales support for HERE’s world-class service delivery capability. POIT provides the entire HERE organization with innovative productivity and collaboration services, global and local connectivity, enterprise application management, security/privacy/continuity compliance, and end-user support. We are the architecture team within POIT that collects and manages requirements, designs world-class solutions, and assures POIT delivers maximum value to support HERE's business. What's the role? The Enterprise Architect will play a critical role in assuring HERE’s enterprise systems and programs are envisioned, designed, developed, and implemented to meet business needs. This person will collaborate with IT teams, business stakeholders, and end users to analyze needs, curate requirements, and develop information architectures critical to HERE’s business success. The Enterprise Architect can expect to: Develop and own HERE Technologies’ enterprise information architecture and related roadmaps Curate and prioritize requirements for HERE Technologies’ enterprise systems including their integration with other tools and systems within HERE Serve as a primary point of contact for HERE IT with key stakeholders within HERE Technologies’ other functional business units Develop and manage enterprise architecture artifacts for HERE. Maintain a view of the "big picture" to assure that HERE's enterprise architecture supports HERE's business objectives Who are you? 4 year college degree 10 years experience in IT, IS, software development, or related field 5 years experience in enterprise, systems, or software architecture Broad base of technology knowledge and experience, including ERP systems and cloud technologies Understanding of enterprise architecture frameworks (example: TOGAF or Zachman) Experience working in a highly distributed organization Ability to travel up to 25% including international Make HERE your destination, we are just getting started. Apply now! Equal Opportunity Employer: Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Religion/National Origin/Disability/Vets. LI-SA1