The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center has been conducting a long- term health study of individuals of Mexican origin living in The Greater Houston Area. This rapidly growing segment of our population has long been under-served and under-represented in health-related research. This study, supported by funds from the Texas Tobacco Settlement and from the Duncan Family Institute, collects baseline information on study participants and up to two additional members of the same household. Questions include demographics, participant's and familial past medical history, acculturation data, work history, lifestyle habits, among other categories. After enrollment participants will be regularly followed for several years to update their information. The ideal candidate will be bilingual in English and Spanish The salary range is min $ 28,800 mid $ 36,000 max $ 43,200. KEY FUNCTIONS: 1\. Recruitment and Scheduling: Travel between home and/or office to enrollment or recruitment sites by car. Actively engage in recruitment efforts at public events or walking in neighborhoods, completing recruitment forms. Demonstrating excellent customer service, explain the study in a clear, pleasant, and professional manner to potential study participants Contact potential participants to verify eligibility, confirm information and schedule appointments. 2\. Field Interviews: Prepare equipment for field use and carrying several pieces of data collection equipment. Travel between home and/or office to study participants' homes by car Consenting participants to the study Conducting interviews in English or Spanish accessing a data collection system, using an Ipad connected to an MD Anderson server Collecting biological samples, including the use of phlebotomy procedures and delivery of all biological samples to the laboratory for processing 3\. Follow up Data Management: contact by telephone - on a regular basis - enrolled participants of the study to collect follow-up information to update and obtain new information using a computer interactive application and ensuring follow-ups are completed according to established procedures Being able to use a web-based real time search engine to update current addresses and phone numbers for study participants Planning strategies and exercising independent judgment to locate participants using different approaches Responding to sensitive participant inquiries Traveling to enrolled participants last known address for informal revisits. 4\. Special Projects: Prepare and send correspondence to participants by mail and e-mail Respond to telephone and email requests using approved resource documents, computer information databases and the Internet Recruit enrolled participants for future studies by telephone Pre-screen enrolled participants for specialized studies, following protocol guidelines required by IRB and HIPPAA regulations Interview study participants enrolled in sub-studies by telephone, following protocol guidelines required by IRB and HIPPAA regulations Document work for completeness, adherence to policy/procedures, and use of reference materials. dentify strategies to improve processes, reduce costs and enhance business outcomes. 5\. Other duties as assigned. EDUCATION: Required: High School Diploma or equivalent. EXPERIENCE: Required: Two years of related experience. May substitute required experience with completed years of college on a one to one basis. Preferred: Bilingual in English and Spanish. It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo- affirmative-action.html