General Summary: This position will play a significant role in the technical development and the maintenance of the Data Warehouse Systems, and support of complex Business Intelligence systems. This position requires applied experience in developing, implementing and using data models, and shall have a strong working knowledge of the data lifecycle, from acquisition through dissemination to end users. Essential Job Functions: 1. Must have applied experience with developing, implementing and using data models, including integration of massive amounts of data across multiple databases in a data warehousing, ETL or analytic environment. 2. Must possess expertise with multiple program languages across language types. 3. Must have strong communications and facilitation skills, with ability to work with analysts and end users to clearly capture requirements. 4. Must have experience in preparing and/or reviewing technical model requirements documentation to ensure accuracy and to ensure that impacts are identified, understood and communicated. 5. Must possess knowledge and experience in data extract, transform and load (ETL) processes, Talend experience preferred. 6. Responsible for technical leadership, setting standards and procedures and following up to mentor and train technical staff. 7. Meet and/or exceed data delivery time service standards. This role must support time critical corporate reporting requirements. Meeting these needs can entail intense periods of work to meet timeliness standards. 8. Support Enterprise-wide data initiatives. This role must be filled by someone who grasps the strategic significance of activities performed and is motivated by accomplishing corporate objectives. 9. Work with appropriate customers to create and manage project schedules for reporting solutions. 10. Actively participate in the overall Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence strategy. 11. Document and conduct unit and system testing as it pertains to new Business Information/Data Warehouse development and maintenance. 12. Working closely with development team to clearly understand the business applications and databases supporting the applications. 13. Maintenance of database dictionaries, and integration of systems through database design. 14. Logical and Physical design of the warehouse BI and OLTP systems. 15. Working with the DBA group helping develop best practices, policies, and design of logical and physical tables with in the databases. 16. Support in all aspects of data analysis and data movement among different systems - source systems and data warehouses. Supportive Job Functions: 1. Perform other miscellaneous duties as assigned by management. Knowledge, Skill, and Abilities: 1\. Experience with ETL Tools (e.g. Pentaho, MarkLogic, XQuery, GreenPlum, Clover, Talend, SAS ETL, Informatica, Ab Initio, Embarcadero, Oracle Data Warehouse). 2. Experience with developing and using models based on massive amounts of data. 3. Strong ability to handle multiple projects and prioritize accordingly. 4. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field and/or 5-10 years of development and administrative experience with Oracle and SQL experience. 5. 5+ years of experience in developing, implementing and using data models. 6. Proven experience working with customers, gathering requirements, modeling cases, and documenting business processes. 7. Proven experience working with development of high-quality technical documentation and written deliverables. 8. Good understanding of algorithms and data structures. 9. Familiarity with performance optimization techniques. 10. Experience with Data Warehouse Methodologies preferred. 11. Must have extensive experience data modeling data marts/data warehouses systems. 12. In- depth knowledge of star and snowflake schemas/dimensional modeling and data warehouse methodology. 13. Must have hands-on experience in data warehouse schema design and implementation. Education, Experience, and Certification: 1. Bachelor's degree or equivalent is required. 2. 5 to 8 years of previous experience is required. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled