Company: FreshPoint Dallas, Inc. Location: US-TX-Dallas Zip Code: 75244 Minimum Level of Education: High School or Equivalent Minimum Years of Experience: 5 Position Type: Travel Percentage: 0 Production Manager http://www.freshpoint.com OVERVIEW: Managing the workforce and production of the Freshcuts, Repack and Tomato department efficiently, profitably, and in the best interest of FreshPoint Dallas. Basic Job Concept: Managing the workforce and production of the Freshcuts, Repack and Tomato department efficiently, profitably, and in the best interest of FreshPoint Dallas. Key Relationships: Leads, Supervisor, Merchandising Team, Warehouse Personnel and VP of Value Added, PRDC Team Educational Requirements High School Diploma College Degree Preferred Experience Required: Minimum of five years of experience in food production environment to include production management/supervisory role Extensive knowledge of process controls, product flow, inventory control, quality assurance protocols, equipment optimization and supply chain management Ability to develop key manufacturing performance indicators metrics and communicate to management all critical production data Strong process improvement background and change management shills Ability to manage a production department. Ability to manage people. Ability to work independently. Ability to perform work assignments at an acceptable productivity level. Previous pallet jack experience required SQF certification or experience HACCP certification or experience Food Production Leadership experience Specific Responsibilities: Oversees multiple-shift operations of the food processing/production department Responsible for completing the weekly production Profit and Loss statement. Ensures adherence to all company standards regarding product quality and food safety practices working with Quality Assurance department Manages all production personnel, to include training, development, and performance management of all supervisory and hourly employees Coordinates all hiring and layoff decisions regarding production staff working with HR department Assist in various inventory control functions, including proper stocking and rotation. Monitors raw material and packaging inventories to ensure adequate supply and freshness (rotation) to support production requirements Identifies opportunities for enhanced cost reduction, yield optimization, operational safety, and quality improvements Maintains a visible presence on the plant floor to monitor machine operations and provide technical guidance during all production and sanitation phases. Good attendance and adherence to work schedule. Adherence to all Good Manufacturing Practices, SQF, HACCP, Company Policies and Food Safety procedures . Physical Requirements : Moving of product up to 50 lbs. during the shift; infrequent moving of 80 lbs. Bending and stooping during the shift. Prolonged standing or walking during the shift. Must be able to work in a cold, wet environment (approximately 34 degrees) for long periods of time Computer Requirements Must be proficient in basic computer functions (i.e. Outlook, check email on daily basis. and use calendar). Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel. Basic AS400 knowledge. Work Environment Warehouse, Coolers, cold environment Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Employment Type: Full Time