Manages expendable and nonexpendable supply equipment items for lodging services through stock control, requisitioning, delivery and inventory control. Analyzes such factors as usage rates, inventory, seasonal demands, prices, special projects or program changes. Determines quantities required and timely stock replenishment and rotation by use of experienced judgment, historical data, occupancy and utilization. Establishes and maintains minimum stock levels of all expendable supplies and amenities to assure adequate inventory of items to prevent work stoppage. Manages stocks of perishable items to ensure that items are used before expiration dates. Establishes and maintains the appropriate security of high value and items subject to pilferage. Maintains material safety data sheets (MSDS) on all chemical solutions stocked. Performs pickup and delivery of supplies, amenities, and equipment at scheduled intervals to ensure an adequate stock at all workcenters. Salvages broken or obsolete supplies and equipment according to applicable directives and policies. Maintains an accurate accounting and reporting system for nonexpendable property and performs routine phases of property management according to established policies and procedures. Responsible for warehousing of expendable and nonexpendable backup stocks according to generally accepted supply warehousing and safety policies and standards. As required, picks up various supply documents from warehouse office/remote terminals. Properly sorts and/or distributes to appropriate storage area for further processing. Maintains and catalogs files of items, description patterns, reference groups, military standards, specifications, cataloging manuals, and/or other cataloging tools providing for up-to-date information and easy retrieval without undue delays. Ensures maintenance and preventive maintenance are performed on all warehousing equipment and tools. Performs other related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: Progressively responsible experience in supply work which provided knowledge of rules, regulations, procedures, and program requirements of the local supply organization and the organizations serviced. Knowledge of supply inventory and accountability procedures and regulations. Experience must have been sufficiently demanding to demonstrate the ability to apply basic analytical methods and techniques to resolve supply problems and/or deviations from normal supply management procedures or program requirements. Knowledge and ability to perform a range of standard clerical assignments and to resolve recurring problems. Typing skills are required. Must be able to communicate orally and in writing. Must possess a valid motor vehicle operator’s license. Must be able to satisfactorily complete a National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI). This is a drug testing designated position. The incumbent is subject to random testing for drug use. BENEFITS: Flexible (part-time) Employment : Guaranteed a minimum of (0) zero hrs to a maximum of (40) forty hrs per week. Flexible (part-time) employee’s work schedules are dependent on the activity’s needs. Flexible (part-time) employees are _not_ eligible for leave, retirement, 401 (K), health and life insurance.