JOB DESCRIPTION The Quality Control Manager performs functions directed towards successfully and efficiently meeting quality goals for customer orders. This individual is responsible for managing the quality programs and functions of the local facility in compliance with NWF standards. This includes, but is not limited to ensuring the quality of our production and materials, including training employees on proper procedures and policies. Essential Functions: Identify, lead and facilitate broad based product quality & food safety programs and improvements to set a level of superior performance against customer expectations. Define, lead and facilitate internal and external operational audit evaluations in the quality and food safety areas of responsibility. Facilitate food safety, quality, and general safety training of all factory employees. Provide quality & food safety leadership and input into product and process development activities. Work with plant and research personnel to ensure product consistency. Facilitate root cause analysis and corrective actions as needed. Engage in direct relationships with customer technical personnel along with other Newly Weds personnel to facilitate achievement of company business objectives. Monitor trends and emerging issues within the quality & food safety business environments to keep Newly Weds informed, involved and on the leading edge of such issues. Serve in crisis management role for quality & food safety issues. Facilitate, monitor and manage product controls, C.O.A., allergens, rework and rejected products, and customer complaints. Oversee food defense and security, sanitation, pest control, micro-testing and water quality maintenance. Perform mock recalls. Review Quality Control or vendor deviations. Assist Regulatory Technical Information Systems and Research & Development with new or revised specifications for raw materials, finished goods and packaging. Conduct Preventive Control and other general food safety audits. Leads customer and third party audits, including annual GFSI compliant (i.e. BRC) audit. Serve as key quality and food safety business partner for Sales, Manufacturing, and Research and Development ensuring business success by solving production and product quality issues. Calibrate and maintain lab equipment such as a scales, titrators, moisture analyzers, colorimeters, etc. Train all affected employees on Safety Data Sheets (SDS) and other hazardous communication pertaining to new chemicals/hazardous ingredients as they are introduced for sanitation and/or new products. Identify or provide specialized Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) as necessary. Create continuous improvement and Statistical Process Controls (SPC) targets / range. Approximately 5% - 25% travel; some out of state. Perform other duties or special projects as needed. Requires a Bachelor's Degree in a Life Sciences program, or 3-5 years of comparable managerial experience in food manufacturing industry and in an exempt position in the areas of Quality Assurance, Research & Development, and/or Technical Services. Requires pest control license/certification and/or sufficient knowledge in the subject to obtain this certification. Experience of Quality Control management in food manufacturing or other edible products manufacturing context is necessary; specifically required is knowledge of HACCP, GMP, NFPA/AIB, BRC audits and laboratory, sanitation programs and be able to apply these principles to the daily work environment. Work Environment: This is a fast-paced industrial environment. Newly Weds Foods is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans