This role will own the Advanced Analytics and AI technical customer engagement including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives to drive cloud deployment. Responsibilities Key responsibilities include: Drive the deployment of customer workloads onto Azure Data Services and machine learning to increase their consumption of the Microsoft Data Platform by providing deployment guidance, supporting development of the customers’ cloud adoption model, and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers. Develop deep relationships with key customer decision makers, who drive long-term data platform adoption within their company. You will also identify, validate and grow opportunities to accelerate deployment and consumption in your assigned customer accounts, in partnership with the sales team, by driving solution architecture for both Microsoft and 3rd party solutions. Lead deployment of projects, creation of collateral, and training of sellers and partners in your area of specialization. Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights. Coach other technical sellers to become certified in the required Advanced Analytics and AI technical certifications. Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Deep understanding of data platform technologies, big data (Hadoop, Cloudera, etc.), Microsoft BI technologies, advanced analytics tools, and emerging computing trends Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing data platform share in large or highly strategic accounts Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication 3-5 years of success in complex technical roles including sales deployment projects (where necessary, managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) 1+ years of design, implementation, and/or support of complex application architectures (i.e. having an architectural sense for connecting data sources, data visualization, structured and unstructured data, etc.) Deep technical experience in one or more of the following areas: Database architecture, Big Data, Machine Learning, Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, Data Mining, ETL Leadership experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.