Be a part of the storage transformation. Join Quantum and fundamentally change the way that customers manage their data, both on-site and in the cloud. For more information, visit our website at www.quantum.com. Job Summary: The Solutions Architect for the Enterprise Solutions Group, reports to the Manager, Solutions Engineering. The incumbent participates in pre-sales activities, including assessment of customer requirements, technical presentations to customers, and detailed system design; participates in managing and developing customer and partner relationships for long-term success; learns specific skills necessary to functionally describe Quantum solutions and articulate their capabilities and interoperability with 3rd- party products becomes familiar with Quantum policies, procedures and reporting practices; attends and successfully completes training assignments. The incumbent shows a high level of competence and experience in the full Quantum product line: disk, tape and software. Job Duties: Contacting Quantum Product Marketing/Management Team, other SEs and Data Center Technical Specialists and other internal and external resources to obtain the necessary answers. Collects customer requests and recommendations for products enhancements, and passes such requests to appropriate Product Marketing/Management Team for consideration in the current product design or new product design. Identifies and obtains customer requirements in preparation for the detailed system design; including identification of all pertinent client system data such as hardware platform(s), operating system(s) with revisions, disk storage usage and capacity, network connection, production hours, etc. Possesses strong knowledge of 3rd party complementary and competitive hardware and software backup and recovery solutions. Possesses the ability to independently design mid-range as well as large, complex solutions that require significant interaction with other vendors and/or system integrators. Documentation set includes detailed Visio diagram that conforms to the appropriate Quantum standards, as well as any detailed spreadsheets and stated assumptions. Documentation set must be sufficient for a Solution Architect to appropriately design and promote the solution. Presents the proposed solution to Sales Team and customer. Assists in closing business by winning the "Technical Recommendation to Buy" through presentation of proposed solution, demonstrations, and/or evaluations. Independently takes the initiative to contact key ISV's, Hardware partners and Resellers to promote Quantum products and solutions. Responsibilities include giving Quantum product presentations, "chalk talks", and/or informal technology/product discussions. Also responsible for providing informal training support to the Sales Team, if necessary. Responsible for having strong knowledge of the storage industry and competitive products. Provides technical input and support to Sales Team when responding to large RFIs or RFPs. Enhances customer relationships by demonstrating understanding of customer value and the customer service attitude. Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills, very strong presentation skills, effective listening, excellent written and verbal communication skills, concern with quality deliverables, and an appropriate sense of urgency in fulfilling customer and Sales Team requirements. Functions as an active member of the Quantum Sales Team, working to create and close sales opportunities. Works with the Sales Team using a consultative approach to identify customer business needs and develop Quantum solutions to address those needs. Demonstrates the ability to overcome normal technical barriers to sales. Helps meet revenue goals by capturing account information and needs that can be turned into sales opportunities. Participates in periodic Sales Funnel Reviews. Provides effective technical presentations on all aspects of our solutions to customers and partner, including conveying the features, functions, benefits, and capabilities of our products, as well as conveying how our products inter-operate with 3rd-party products. Presentations also encompass and address customer needs and Quantum differentiators in addressing those needs. Addresses prospective customers, existing customers, and the Quantum Sales Team technical questions regarding our current and future products. Job Requirements: BS Degree, preferably in Engineering or Computer Science, and 5-7+ years of related experience in pre-sales technical position or associated degree or equivalent with 7 + years’ experience in a pre-sales technical position. Strong Back-up and Recovery product experience (Data Deduplication, Virtualization, Storage, and Tape Automation). Demonstrated knowledge of storage management concepts, data communication, client/server environments. Strong customer relations skills and understanding of the sales cycle. Previous sales experience is strongly preferred. Strong written, oral and exemplary presentation skills. Ability to work independently, as well as contributing as a team player. Evidence of personal and professional energy and excellence. Quantum is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Female/Minority/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.