TransCore, (TCI) a subsidiary of Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: ROP) is seeking a full-time System Administrator II to join our team in New York City. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Receives, configures, and installs requests for personal computers. Provides troubleshooting and repair for moderate network solutions. Recommends changes in operating procedures, hardware standards, and software standards as warranted by new technological changes and operating conditions. Evaluates interface between users, hardware and software, and operational and performance requirements of overall desktop system. Maintains servers, user accounts, file/print permissions as required for both internal and remote users. Daily system maintenance review, such as systems log, antivirus server logs, etc. Performs backups. Provides monitoring and reports of the operational status of LAN/WAN environment as needed. Interacts with vendors. Installs and configures computer equipment. Recommends the acquisition or new hardware and/or software as needed. Assist in installing, maintaining & troubleshooting, the company's product software. Required Skills: Strong knowledge of Windows 7/10 and Server 2008/2012/2016 Good Knowledge of Linux System Good knowledge of Virtual environments (Hyper V/, VMWare, iSCSI, Fiber Channel) Knowledge in Windows Domain Administration. This includes: Microsoft Windows infrastructure including Active Directory implementation, Domain Administration with Group Policies, DHCP and DNS Security patch testing and deployment for servers, workstations, and network devices Antivirus/Anti spyware, Intrusion Detection/Prevention System management Management/configuration of Cisco routers & switches with Layer 2 and Layer 3 functions Management of network security configuration and routing protocol configuration Diagnosis and correction of network outages Desired Skills: Strong analytical, organizational, and documentation skills Work well independently with minimal supervision Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are required Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or Similar is preferred Special Qualifications: Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) is desired