Administrative Asst II Performs moderately complex technical program assistance work for the Vital Statistics Section (VSS). May process incoming vital records in accordance with all applicable statutes, policies and procedures, making technical and judgmental decisions regarding routine and non-routine circumstances. Accurately reviews vital statistics records, numbers and binds them in sequential order according to procedure to insure availability for further processing. Maintains accurate reporting of all work performed for use in production reports. Provides direct assistance to customers by disseminating complex technical information via telephone or correspondence. Work requires an extensive knowledge and understanding of all program policies and procedures, and familiarity with VSS rules and regulations relating to job duties. Works under general supervision of the Manager I, with moderate latitude for exercise of independent judgment. Performs additional related duties as assigned. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. (40%) Examines and analyzes incoming vital records and documents, which includes birth, death, fetal death, marriages, and suits affecting the family relationship excluding adoptions, for accuracy and completion. Prints electronically filed vital records and reviews them for completion. Provides direct assistance to customers regarding registering vital records via telephone, email or letter. (15%) Makes moderately complex technical decisions to determine whether each Vital record meets minimum procedural and statutory requirements based on substantial knowledge of Texas Statutes and VSS rules and regulations. Indicates any deficiencies regarding records submitted on the face of manual documents, providing specific information necessary to prepare correspondence to accompany rejected records. (15%) Assign date received and state file numbers to each group of manual vital records in sequential order, separated by type of record, using manual or electronic dating and numbering machine equipment. Completes log of records numbered according to procedure. Uses drill press to place appropriate binding holes in records and place in proper binder. Binders are labeled with volume number, cycle number, certificate range and year of event. (2%) Reviews and files medical amendments when received. Coordinates removal of duplicate medical amendments with local registration officials. Insures that the medical amendment is properly completed. Advises appropriate staff of corrections to be made to electronic data files. (15%) Responds to incoming telephone calls, providing complex technical advice to our customers. Interprets and explains rules, regulations, policies and procedures of VSS. Contacts local registrars, hospital and funeral home staff via telephone to obtain information as needed for processing of certificates. (5%) Maintains detailed worksheet documenting weekly performance and production, and prepares statistical reports on weekly activity. (3%) Process removals of vital records; opens and distributes incoming mail. (5%) Performs other duties. Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of and ability to work with confidential records/files/information. Knowledge of computer software, Word, Excel, Outlook and Windows. Skills to operate a computer and utilize software such as Word, Outlook, Excel, and Windows. Skills to set priorities and goals for accomplishing workload within limited time frame. Skills to perform task with a high degree of accuracy and paying close attention to detail. Skills in verbal communication with general public and team members. Ability to follow security policies, and procedures. Ability to work with confidential records/files/information. Ability to set priorities and goals. Ability to interpret Texas Vital Statistics Law, policies, procedures, and regulations. Ability to understand written and verbal instructions. Ability to explain policies and procedures clearly and accurately to the public/customers. Ability to make quick rational decisions. Ability to make quick decisions, and work independently in fast paced/stressful situations. Ability to move books weighing 5 to 20 pounds, and stand for extended periods of time. Ability to compose correspondence utilizing Texas Vital Statistics terminology, and standard business English. Ability to communicate on the telephone and in person in a clear, effective and diplomatic manner. Registration or Licensure Requirements: None required Initial Selection Criteria: Three years of years of relevant work experience. Work experience using computers and Microsoft Office Software, to include Word, Outlook, Excel, and the Texas Electronic Registration system. Work experience in preparing correspondence, reports, and letters. Experience interpreting regulations, policies and procedures and conveying them to others. Experience in organizing workload, setting priorities and meeting deadlines. Additional Information: Ability to lift, pull, carry and push 20 pounds. Simple and dual simultaneous grasping and ability to reach above the shoulder. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1. For more information, see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. MOS Code: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.