COS ProgSpec IV The Department of Family and Protective Services (DFPS) seeks highly qualified candidates to fill the Program Specialist IV position in the Contract Oversight and Support (COS) division, which operates under the office of the Deputy Commissioner. COS is charged with building and maintaining contracting infrastructure to support informed processes and activities that safeguard against unethical behaviors, mitigate contracting risks, and focus on integrity and compliance. This position reports to the Data Risk and Quality Assurance Manager and performs complex data risk management and quality assurance work. Work is performed under limited supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This position is responsible for data analysis and quality assurance of contract management activities, including: • ensuring compliance with state and federal regulations, protocols, policies, and procedures • evaluating, tracking and reporting for LBB, CTCM, Single Audit, and VPTS requirements • collecting and applying DFPS contract data and reporting as mandated by statue • dashboard design and maintenance • making recommendations for continuous process improvements to enhance controls and mitigate risk • interacting routinely with both internal and external stakeholders, including HHS System Leadership, DFPS Management, Contract Staff, IT Operations Staff, and representatives from other HHS agencies. The ideal candidate will thrive in an environment that emphasizes: innovation through new ideas; independent execution of tasks; continuous improvement; high standards and accountability; proactive problem solving; high standards for excellence; an exceptional eye for detail; team building; and embracing individual differences as a source of strength. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy. Performs database system analysis functions, including planning, design, ongoing system support, and enhancements to the HHS contract management systems (CAPPS Financials and SCOR) and other databases as needed. Performs research, data analysis and interpretation, utilizing various database systems and business object applications. Performs quality assurance reviews through analyzing data, reviewing information and systems, as well as relevant documentation to ensure the accuracy of data reporting functions. Collects, records, and analyzes DFPS contract data from multiple sources for the development and presentation of numerous reports, including ad hoc, management, and legislatively mandated reports. Identifies and evaluates trends, develops and recommends courses of action, and defines objectives to ensure compliance with federal, state and local legislatively-mandated standards. (40%) Provides training, forms development, written guidelines, and interpretation of policies and procedures to both agency staff and external stakeholders. Works with staff in resolving technical contracting issues, data integrity issues, and in developing user guides and job aides to assist staff. Represents or present for COS at meetings, workgroups, and committees as needed. (30%) Collaborates on the preparation, data collection, and reporting for quality assurance reviews of contract management activities and records to assess compliance. Collects and records contract data and performs analysis and reporting. Assists with the development of quality assurance tools, including Risk Assessment Instruments (RAIs), Statewide Monitoring Plans (SMPs), Quality Assurance case sampling and Oversight Assessment Reports. Identifies improvements to contract policies, procedures and tools to improve contract management and monitoring. (15%) Serves as a COS Division subject matter expert related to data analysis technology, software, tools and skills. Manages technical and application assistance email box and maintains supporting documentation. (5%) Serves as a liaison with internal and external auditors to provide contracting documents and information as required. Performs other duties as assigned and demonstrates appropriate respect for cultural diversity among co-workers and all work-related contacts. (10%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: •Knowledge of procurement and contract management principles and procedures and the CAPPS Financial and SCOR technologies. •Knowledge of producing data- driven reports utilizing Excel, MS Access and other relevant databases. •Skill in using ACCESS, Excel, SQL, Business Objects (Web Intelligence) or other database management software. •Ability to create databases to organize and quickly retrieve data. •Ability to present data through the development of statistical data charts and tables. •Ability to analyze systems, procedures, and technical problems and develop solutions. •Ability to manage, manipulate, and analyze complex databases. •Skill in facilitating workgroups and providing training in a variety of settings. •Ability to work in a team and to communicate effectively. •Skill in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships. •Ability to effectively verbal and written communication skills. •Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks and conflicting priorities. •Ability to exercise independent judgment and show initiative. •Ability to maintain detailed and organized documentation of data analytic projects. •Ability to plan, implement, and meet deadlines and produce an accurate work product. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Certified Texas Contract Manager (CTCM) is preferred. CTCM certification is required within 18 months of hire date. Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four year college or university. Experience and education may be substituted for one another. Two years full-time consultative, professional, or technical work which must include: implementation of quality assurance and risk management in the area of contract management; organizing and directing complex projects; systems analysis or design; or database development and management. One full year of experience in data analysis, research, compilation, and/or reporting work using Excel, Access, SQL or Web Intelligence. Experience with procurement and contract management principles highly desired. Preferred experience with CAPPS Financial and SCOR technologies. Additional Information: The Department of Family and Protective Services is committed to hiring veterans and creating a work environment that values and retains the skills that service members bring to the job. A veteran is an individual who has served in (1) the Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, or Marine Corps of the United States or the United States Public Health Service under 42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq., as amended; (2) the Texas military forces as defined by Section 437.001 of Texas Government Code; or (3) an auxiliary service of one of those branches of the armed forces; and (4) has been honorably discharged from the branch of the service in which the person served. Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. VETERANS: Use your military skills to qualify for this position or other jobs! Go to www.texasskillstowork.com to translate your military work experience and training courses into civilian job terms, qualifications and skill sets. Also, you can compare this position to military occupations (MOS) at the Texas State Auditor’s Office by pasting this link into your browser: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. For more information on military occupational specialty codes, see the Military Crosswalk Guide. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. MOS Code: No direct military equivalent. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.