zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you build and scale our machine learning and experimentation platforms and incorporate new features to drive model predictions. This is your opportunity to make a big impact - ranging from delivering a personalized customer experience to optimizing advertising spend to improving merchandising efficiencies. You work on cross-functional initiatives, such as service and container platforms, machine learning platforms, data security, distributed memory services, service monitoring, real-time experimentation, data transformations, and much more. Your services scale to support high volumes of traffic at low latency and high availability. The successful candidate owns the roadmap, features, and design of one or more core services. Essential Job Functions: Design and build scalable machine learning services and data platforms Feature engineering to improve model performance on key business metrics Work with limited supervision under tight time constraints and respond to rapidly evolving requirements Design in a mindset of reducing technical debt and encourages others on the team to do so Regularly and measurably improve and is a champion of team process and best practices Mentor others in development technologies, tools, and processes QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of software development experience building and operating high traffic web services and platforms 2+ years of practical Machine Learning experience. Familiarity with frameworks such as MLlib, scikit-learn, H2O, Torch, TensorFlow, Theano, Caffe Work history and expertise with Spark, Hadoop, Pig, MapReduce technologies Experience with Amazon Web Services a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong software design and architecture skills with an eye toward avoiding and reducing technical debt Demonstrated personal initiative and strong ownership of deliverables Ability to explore new ideas and have a passion to make them happen zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.