Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major coursework in a related field plus four (4) years of human resources experience in the human resources specialty assigned. Experience may substitute for one (1) year of the required education up to a maximum of four (4) years substitution. Licenses or Certifications: None. Notes to Applicants This position will responsible for planning, designing, developing, implementing and evaluating major human resources programs within the area of Employee Relations. Provide advice and counsel to management and other employee groups on a broad range of human resources issues and decisions within the area of Employee Relations. Identifies, analyze, and recommends solutions for various human resources problems within the area of Employee Relations, monitoring implementation of agree upon actions until the problems has been resolved. Advise and influence management in making sound employee relations related decisions. Ensures compliance with federal and state laws, including reporting requirements. Conducts training departments in changes in policies, personnel procedures and classification programs. Skill in oral and written communication including investigatory interviewing techniques. Skill in planning, organizing, and problem solving. Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing. Ability to mentor and train. Maintain knowledge of employee relations and applicable federal, state, and local laws and ordinances governing personnel activities. An assessment maybe administered. When completing the City of Austin employment application: Please be sure to detail on the application all previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. A detailed, complete City of Austin application is required for the position to help us better evaluate your qualifications. For each of your positions, please describe your specific experience as it relates to the minimum and preferred qualifications. Please be thorough in completing the employment application and list all experience that is relevant to this position, including your supervisory and/or leadership experience if applicable. This is the criteria that will be used to select candidates for interview, and the starting salary will be based on overall relevant experience. Please note that your resume will not substitute for a complete employment application. Statements such as “see resume” will not be accepted. Please describe your specific experience as it relates to the minimum and preferred qualifications when responding to the supplemental questions on the application. If you are selected to interview: Military/Veterans must provide a copy of their DD214 at the time of initial interview to receive military/veteran interview preference If you are identified as a top candidate, verification of your education, to include High School graduation or GED, undergraduate and/or graduate degrees, will be required. Pay Range $27.34 – $35.41 per hour Hours Monday – Friday, 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Hours may vary due to operational needs. Job Close Date 08/19/2018 Type of Posting External Department Human Resources Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location 505 Barton Springs Road, Austin, TX 78704 Preferred Qualifications PHR or SPHR Certification Training or certification in mediation and/or alternate dispute resolution techniques Training or certification related to Labor and Employment Law Experience responding to EEOC charges Bi-lingual English/Spanish Valid Texas Class C Driver License Conducting workplace investigations as the lead investigator regarding complaints of personnel policy violations, including complaints of discrimination, harassment, and/or sexual harassment. Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. 1\. Plans, designs, develop, implements, and evaluate major human resources programs within the area of specialization for city wide use. 2\. Provides advice and counsel to management and other employee groups on a broad range of human resources issues and decisions within the area of specialization. 3\. Identifies, analyze, and recommends solutions for various human resources problems within the area of specialization, monitoring implementation of agreed upon actions until the problem has been resolved. 4\. Advise and influence management in making sound human resources related decisions within the area of specialization. 5\. Analyze morale indicators and other personnel measurements such as but not limited to surveys, turnover, and grievances, and present recommendations within the area of specialization for corrective action programs. 6\. Ensures compliance with federal and state laws, including reporting requirements. 7\. Conducts training to departments in changes in policies, personnel procedures and classification programs. 8\. Observes, interviews, and survey employees and conduct group meetings to collect job, organizational, and occupational information. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: Provide leadership for groups including other professionals and support staff in the area of specialization. May manage entire program or programs. Periodically act as a team leader to special task forces or teams. Provide direction and/or guidance to less experienced human resources personnel. Provide training to managers and others on human resources issues. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of assigned human resources areas. Knowledge of Federal, State, and Local laws and ordinances governing personnel activities. Knowledge of city practice, policy and procedures. Skill in oral and written communication. Skill in planning and organizing. Skill in data analysis and problem solving. Skill in using computers, related software and large databases. Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing.. Ability to handle hostility, conflict, and uncertain situations. Ability to mentor and train. Ability to work with frequent interruptions and changes in priorities. Ability to develop and maintain current knowledge in the assigned Human Resources areas. Ability to establish and maintain good relationships with other city employees and the public. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position does not require a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.