The Data Warehouse manager will manage daily activities and responsible for Design, Implementation, maintenance and support of Enterprise Data Warehouse system. Gather and analyze business requirements, Architect /Design Data Warehouse Infrastructure and solutions. Design process flow diagram and prototypes and effectively communicate design ideas. Engage with product, business and senior management to improve technical design aligned to business/operations tactical and strategic needs. Responsibilities & Duties Lead a small team of engineers to design, and deliver high-quality 24x7 production level Data Warehouse system. Establish SDLC, and engineering processes within the team and department through collaboration with Scrum Master, and leadership. Improve architecture and reduce technical debts through active leadership in design, and project planning. Create application architecture diagrams and support technical development in designing, testing and implementing application changes. Lead team to build custom data-driven frameworks and solutions, and leverage off-the-shelf data products and tools. Enforces established documentation guidelines and best practices. Maintains a high degree of business functional knowledge and current automated technologies and tools. Adheres to all policies and procedures concerning all confidential information including but not limited to internal use and restricted information. Job Qualifications/Requirements 10+ years working experience with Data Integration, ETL, Data Warehouse, BI, and Data Management. 5+ years in DWH/Bi experience with fluency in modeling and designing Relational DBs, Star Schemas, and cubes (Kimball), SQL, Schema development, Stored procedures, Triggers and related database programming technologies Experience with Data Vault methodologies is a huge plus. Must have experience building data warehouse in cloud specifically in AZURE Cloud. Experience with enterprise level relational database like Oracle, DB2, MySQL, MS-SQL, PostgeSQL etc. Solid experience with logical and physical database schema design. Ability to communicate and translate technical strategy to non-technical business leaders and senior management. Hands-on experience with both relational and dimensional databases Experience in managing project timelines and prioritize work. Strong customer service focus. Experience in both Agile and Waterfall methodology. Experience with tools like JIRA, ServiceNow. Minimum Education Level: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 5+ Combination of Experience and Education can meet the job requirements: Yes