NOTES MISSION STATEMENT OF THE MASSACHUSETTS TRIAL COURT The Appeals Court is committed to doing justice under the law by rendering thoughtful, well-reasoned appellate decisions in a timely and efficient manner, treating all those who come before the court fairly and impartially. DEPARTMENTAL MISSION STATEMENT The Clerk's Office serves as the hub of the court's business and channels the flow of appeals to the court for resolution. As the administrative arm of the court, the Clerk's Office strives to promote and implement policies and procedures that support the court's mission to deliver justice in a fair, timely and efficient manner to individuals in each appeal. The Clerk's Office staff renders prompt and courteous service to the Appeals Court judges and staff, members of the Bar, the public, government agencies, and the Commonwealth's trial courts and the Supreme Judicial Court. ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE: https://www.mass.gov/orgs/appeals-court POSITION SUMMARY This position manages the Court's inventory of appeals from entry through resolution, ensuring the timely processing of cases to the Justices of the Appeals Court. Schedules and communicates the Appeals Court's monthly case call sessions to ensure a balanced caseload and timely submission of cases. Provides advice and assistance to the judges and clerk on matters involving cases to ensure timely and efficient movement of cases through the Court. Assists parties and attorneys with questions and scheduling matters. MAJOR DUTIES Compile and maintain Court caseload and filing statistics to ensure accurate and relevant Court performance assessments. Prepare reports to the chief justice, the Court's case management committee, and the clerk on Court performance and provide background necessary to facilitate the judges' full discussion of pending issues and concerns. Reconcile data between Court's management lists and docket. Prepare monthly, quarterly, and annual written reports for distribution to the clerk, the justices, and the Public Information Office. Prepare reports requested by the National Center for State Courts. Develop and maintain annual case call calendar and monthly case call assignments to maximize the number of cases submitted each month in accordance with case priority and case age criteria. Ensure timely screening and progress of briefed cases. Create and maintain the Court's monthly call calendar. Solicit the judges for any scheduling conflicts or recusals, and use the Court's case management system to create the monthly calendar of judges' schedules and panel assignments. Release the schedule to the judges and public. Update the schedule to reflect any changes. Each month assign cases for the following month's case call panel as based on parameters provided by the chief justice and clerk. Use the Court's case management system to generate preliminary panel assignments; then manually review assignments to ensure caseload is balanced among judicial panels and follows the Court's timeliness criteria. Coordinate with and supervise performance of members of the oral argument unit. Generate and issue argument or submission notices to parties and communicate final case call assignments to judges and court staff. Respond to inquiries from the public, judges, and court staff to resolve issues that develop on cases assigned for panel decision. Revise case call schedule as needed and ensure that notice of changes are communicated to all necessary individuals. Receive notices of remand from the Supreme Judicial Court and route the notices to proper judges for resolution. Responsible for content and currency of Court's oral argument Web pages. Post, ensure accuracy, and maintain the case call, calendar, self-help content, and posting of briefs for argument cases. Review audio recordings to verify accuracy of recorded case data. Review cases for overdue briefs and initiate appropriate court action. Review stayed cases to determine whether the case is proceeding appropriately and recommend necessary action. Identify outstanding post-decision motions and recommend action. Identify and recommend any policy or business practice changes to improve efficiency and accuracy in case flow and court's related business practices. Retrieve case information and conduct computer searches to respond to inquiries from the public, attorneys and justices, providing information on Court policies and procedures, filing requirements, and status of pending cases and administrative orders. Review filings for compliance with format requirements and assist in the processing of filings and pending motions. Participate in or manage special projects assigned by the clerk. Additional work as needed and assigned by the clerk. JOB COMPETENCIES All applicants must be able, through the interview process, to demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the following areas: Ethics and Values Communicates and demonstrates the ethics and values of the Judiciary. Mission Understands, upholds, and communicates the Appeals Court mission. Applied Knowledge Ability to assist in the creation of management reporting tools for purpose of evaluating case management activities and initiatives utilizing an electronic database. Problem Solving Accurately can assesses operational and administrative problems in the Appeals Court and develop feasible solutions. Customer Service Conducts oneself in a courteous and professional manner towards both Court employees and the public. Responsive to court operational needs. Collaboration Works with others cooperatively, accepts feedback, demonstrates a willingness to be a team player, and contributes to a work environment that focuses on shared departmental goals. Communications Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to use software to enhance presentations. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with court officials, judges, employees and other government officials. Continuous Learning Demonstrates a commitment to continuously improving himself or herself through professional development. POSITION REQUIREMENTS These are the minimum requirements necessary to apply for the position: Minimum requirement of a B.A. or B.S. from an accredited college or university; a law degree or a graduate degree in judicial administration, criminal justice, business or public administration or equivalent experience is preferred; Five (5) or more years of work experience in a court or a comparable organization; Knowledge of automation technology including case management and document management systems and related software; Knowledge of management and organizational research and statistical techniques; Knowledge of business systems analysis and the application of modern business techniques in the Court; Knowledge of the Massachusetts Judicial System and applicable laws, rules and procedures relating to the Appeals Court is preferred; Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, and Adobe; Ability to communicate effectively and be confident speaking or presenting to an audience; Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills, and a firm grasp on the rules of grammar and punctuation; Good interpersonal skills, including the ability to work professionally with justices, Court officials, and other individuals at all levels of the court system and the ability to maintain effective working relationships; Ability to analyze problems and develop practical solutions; to work independently, establish reasonable and practical parameters to the scope of assignments and take appropriate initiatives in order to produce complete work; Ability and willingness to travel to courthouses and other locations throughout the Commonwealth for Appeals Court business; and Perform other related work as required. OTHER Salary: Management Level $ 72,201.09-$106,529.64 commensurate with experience and ability. OTHER: If you are not currently viewing this posting online, please visit the Judicial Branch website at https://careers-trialcourtsofmass.icims.com/ to apply for this Appeals Court position. Applications are submitted electronically. Paper applications will not be accepted. Employment is contingent upon passage of a criminal record check. Because of the anticipated volume of applications, the Appeals Court will contact only those individuals who are selected for an interview. All applications must be received by end of the day on August 31, 2018. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION/EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER