This intermediate-level position is part of the Warehouse Team and will be working at Metropolitan's Headquarters Building. The responsibilities for this position include: receiving, inspecting, distributing, delivering, transferring, securing, and accounting for materials, supplies, tools, and equipment. JOB DUTIES 1\. Receives, inspects, stocks, stores, and issues materials, supplies, equipment, and tools; researches and resolves or informs higher level warehouse staff of discrepancies and damages when necessary; and identifies and assigns locations for new materials. Barcodes and inputs data for fixed assets and loss-prone items. 2\. Receives QA/QC items and obtains material testing reports (MTR Certs); arranges for inspection and ensures the process is complete; releases items for distribution after quality confirmation or arrange for return upon QA/QC failure. 3\. Fills orders; issues tools, parts and materials; prepares and stages order for pick up, shipment or delivery; inputs issues, receipts, and transfers. May initiate purchase orders. 4\. Conducts inventory cycle counts; investigates and reports discrepancies. 5\. Performs safety checks on material handling equipment and warehouse areas and maintains the warehouse and other related work areas in a clean and orderly condition. 6\. Uses material handling equipment to move items; load and unload trucks; pick up and deliver parts, materials and supplies. 7\. Runs reports and makes recommendations on obsolete, expired or slow moving items. Upon direction, physically removes items from warehouse stock. 8\. Prepares periodic warehouse activity reports. 9\. Researches vendors for obsolete parts to procure or have manufactures. 10\. Researches and provides information regarding delayed or pending deliveries; arranges changes in delivery dates, cancellation of orders or the return of materials. 11\. Provides instructions on researching and locating requested material using online inventory catalog and other sources. 12\. Provides information and instruction regarding delayed or pending deliveries; arranges changes in delivery dates, cancellation of orders or the return of materials. 13\. Provides storekeeping support for investment recovery warehouse, including transfer of fixed assets into the surplus warehouse, evaluates surplus/salvage material for disposition method. Prepares surplus salvage for auction. Coordinates with vendors for the disposition of recycled materials. Assists with district wide asset tracking. Work Schedule: Monday – Friday (A typical schedule for this position is 7:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.) Job Requirements MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education and Experience: High school diploma or High School Equivalency Certificate and two years of relevant experience; or two years in a MWD Storekeeper I classification. Relevant experience is defined as: Experience in issuing, receiving, counting , driving a forklift and entering data into a warehouse management system at a fully functional Warehouse. Required Knowledge of: Warehousing and inventory control practices and systems; applicable federal, state and local laws, codes and regulations; safety practices and safe handling of hazardous materials; and current office technology and equipment. Required Skills and Abilities to: Organizational skills; mathematics; follow and provide oral and written instructions; use independent judgment and exercise discretion; problem solve; prioritize and multi-task; communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing; establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work; work independently and in a team environment; and operate current office equipment including computers and supporting applications. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIREMENTS Employees in this position may be required to obtain and maintain the following certifications, licensing and registrations: Certificates Forklift certification Licenses Valid California Class C Driver License that allows you to drive in the course of your employment PHYSICAL DEMANDS, WORK ENVIRONMENT, AND VISION REQUIREMENTS The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met or may be encountered by an employee to successfully perform the job duties of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the job duties. Physical Demands: The work requires considerable and strenuous physical exertion such as frequent climbing of tall ladders, lifting heavy objects over 50 pounds, and crouching or crawling in restricted areas. Work Environment: The work involves moderate risks or discomforts that require special safety precautions, (e.g., working around moving parts, carts, or machines, or irritant chemicals; etc.) Employees may be required to use protective clothing or gear such as masks, gowns, coats, boots, goggles, gloves, or shields. Job-Related Selection Criteria : 20% Job preparation 20% Technical knowledge including: o Warehouse management methods, practices, terminology, and standards o Purchasing policies and procedures and procurement documentation o Computer-based methods for inventory control, acquisition, and re-ordering o MS Word and Excel o Electronic procurement and tracking systems o Correct identification, storage, and control of material 20% Customer service 20% Safety 10% Teamwork 5% Oral communication 5% Written Communication 100 % Closing BENEFITS Competitive compensation Excellent medical, dental, life, vision and retirement plans, including pension plan and 401k (with matching contribution), tuition reimbursement, and more Training and advancement opportunities Excellent working environment Public transportation reimbursements and van pools For more information on MWD benefits, please use the following link: http://www.mwdh2o.com/PDF_Careers/benefits.pdf This job announcement has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. To receive a copy of the complete job description, please send an email to jobs@mwdh2o.com. The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. Qualified individuals with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation during the application or selection process, please call (213) 217-7738 or email jobs@mwdh2o.com. MWD is a Federal and State EO employer – Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.