Job Responsibilities If you’re having trouble attaching your resume, please send to Todd Laduron tladuron@petsmart.com The Supply Chain Sr. Industrial Engineer is a key member of the Distribution team focused on continuous improvement efforts and the Labor Management program within the organization. The incumbent utilizes business intelligence, data management, change management and engineering principles to drive improvements for the organization. This position helps to manage the Labor Management program and helps to develop engineered labor standards as needed. The purpose of this position is to eliminate waste, optimize cost and improve service for high impact programs. PetSmart has deployed modern supply chain systems requiring a high degree of customized reporting which creates a joint business owned support model in conjunction with standard IT owned support. The goal is to create a stable, standard and scalable data warehouse to support reporting for our supply chain to rely on for years to come. This creates ample opportunity for this position to provide unmatched customer support, explore significant productivity enhancements and promote positive change through daily interaction with a broad array of peers, customers, vendors and partners. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES This position does not directly supervise staff but as project leader, will have associates indirectly reporting for project assignments. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include, but are not limited to: Engineered Labor Standards: Establishes and maintains engineered labor standards across the Distribution network. Monitors and validates associate performance on regular basis to ensure accuracy and fairness of the standards. Provides guidance, leadership and training support for the Labor Management program to the Distribution Center leadership teams. Continuous Improvement: Contributes to and executes initiatives to improve processes, procedures, and tools utilized by the organization. Works with business units to assess issues, develop recommendations and implement business improvement processes. Creates an improvement process methodology that identifies, captures, and applies improvements to business process development and maintenance methodologies based on lessons learned, industry best practices, and feedback from customers. Utilizes Lean and Six Sigma methodology to drive continuous improvement. Identifies opportunities for new systems functionality and enhances key business metrics/processes improving business outcomes. Focuses on reducing recurring issues through detailed issue resolution, training and documentation. Ensures that reporting enables the organization to meet or exceed performance guarantees, store requirements and provide data for performance analysis. Project Administration: Facilitates medium to large cross-functional and cross-departmental projects with high complexity and cross-organizational impact. Completes required analysis, design and development deliverable documentation. Measures, interprets and reports on the performance of project impact to the organization. Provides interpretations and recommendations to leadership teams. Business Intelligence: Uses data to make better-informed decisions about the business. Intelligently transforms and aggregates data for data discovery. Delivers business analytics (everything from rapid data discovery to predictive analytics) to the right people at the right place and time. Reporting: Researches, explores and tests reporting functionality working closely with other departments (including IT partners) to configure a stable, standard and scalable reporting platform for the organization. Helps establish appropriate metrics and reports to guide leadership. This position will include the responsibility for being a subject matter expert on the reporting metrics and how to use, understand, and action the results. Change Management: Identifies, evaluates and defines impact of changes, provides alternatives inclusive of upstream and downstream components and communicates as needed. Standard Practices: In concert with department peers, department leadership, and operations; establishes, maintains and supports common utilization of reporting systems. Supports consistency and standardization across the organization. Provides on-call support as required. Position requires up to 50% travel. As such this position may require flexible work hours. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Engineering or related field. Requires proficiency typically obtained with 5+ years’ experience in relevant and related position in engineering support in a retail, manufacturing, or comparable environment. Thorough knowledge of supply chain management strategies and concepts required. Requires strong knowledge of business operations with the ability to conceptualize, document, and communicate solutions to better align with business strategy and meet objectives. Requires strong analytical and problem solving (critical and evaluative thinking) skills to analyze complex data for trends and translate into actionable business recommendations. Ability to develop and implement complex project plans and strategies required. Requires demonstrated ability to lead project or cross-functional teams to resolve, implement or reach consensus on issues. Requires ability to mine and merge large amounts of rich data sources, ensure data consistency, make data driven predictions to drive profitable courses of action, and create visualizations to aid in understanding data. Candidate must have outstanding leadership and human relations skills to build effective relationships with team, leadership and business partners. Listens attentively and responds in a sensitive and appropriate manner, treating all with respect and dignity. Requires written and verbal communication skills to effectively present information to all levels of leadership. Requires strong facilitation, influencing and organization skills. Must be able to work in fast paced environment where priorities can change quickly. Preferred: Six Sigma and Lean tools/methodologies strongly preferred. Retail distribution experience preferred. SAP experience preferred. PMP preferred. MicroStrategy Certifications preferred TECHNICAL SKILLS Proficient skills in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Powerpoint, Project, and Excel. Proficiency in SQL preferred. Experience with Lean, Six Sigma, or other process improvement methodology preferred. Experience conducting time studies and development of engineered labor standards preferred. Experience with Warehouse and Labor management systems is preferred. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS Certifications in Lean, Six Sigma (Green or Black Belt), and Project Management are highly preferred PHYSICAL DEMANDS and WORK ENVIRONMENT Incumbent spends most of time in Distribution Centers and is required to stand, walk, and talk or hear. The incumbent frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The associate is occasionally required to sit and climb or balance. The associate may occasionally lift and/or move up to 55 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, and peripheral vision. While performing the duties of this job, associate is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts and equipment. The work environment can be dusty. The noise level in the work environment may be loud and temperatures may be extreme (hot or cold). Incumbents may be exposed to hazardous materials, i.e. cleaning supplies, shampoos, battery acid, etc. If working in a Fish Department, the associate will be exposed to a damp and humid environment with frequent exposure to water and aquatic animals. This position also spends some time in a typical office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable those with disabilities to perform essential functions. Submit Resume