Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Responsibilities The non-technical intern will work on projects that focus on process improvement initiatives in a wide range of areas supporting our corporate teams. This includes analyzing data, both business process and financial, lean manufacturing initiatives, vendor/ supplier management, database administration, and audit/compliance projects. Successful candidates will have strong analytical, quantitative, and problem solving skills. The ideal candidate is also a self-starter with the ability to work independently or in a team setting. Strong written and verbal skills are essential for this role. Non-technical interns typically work in business operations such as Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, and IT. Minimum Qualifications Working towards BS/MS/PhD Finance, Business Administration, Marketing or related field. Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.