Sun Basket is the 1 healthy meal kit in the US, which is backed by top-tier investors and led by one of San Francisco's top chefs. As the company continues to explode in size ($0-300M ARR in 3 Years), we are adding a Data Engineer to our BI and Analytics team and to continue this momentum. We are looking for a Data Engineer who is passionate about analytics, has solid experience working with data warehouse, possesses an innate curiosity about our business, and is eager to dive into large, complex data sets and ultimately create actionable business insights. Sample Projects: Centralize data and support the analytics team to deliver world-class insights. Set up analytics data warehouse and data infrastructure, and develop a flexible data model for unstructured tracking data. Perform all of the necessary data transformations to populate data into a warehouse table structure that is optimized for BI reporting. Own data quality throughout all data life cycles, including acquisition, cleaning, processing, and validation. Designing, integrating and documenting technical components for seamless data extraction and analysis on big data platform. Build an experimentation platform to help facilitate A/B testing and model selection.A portion of your time will be used to maintain automated test suites using advanced frameworks. Build analytics tools utilizing the data pipeline to provide actionable insights for our product and data science teams. Be able to directly communicate with senior business leaders, to embed yourself with business teams and to present solutions to business stakeholders. Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in a highly quantitative field including data science, computer science, math, engineering, statistics, economics, and hard sciences. 3-4 years experience with SQL and relational databases such as Postgres or MySQL. Experience with DevOps tools (GitHub, JIRA). Great knowledge of data warehousing principles, schema design, data governance, data pipeline automation, and query + database tuning techniques with excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills. Ability to automate data pulling and reporting process. Working knowledge of Amazon AWS services (Redshift, Aurora, DynamoDB, S3, RDS). Experience with visualization software such as Looker or Tableau. Python or R coding skill is a plus. Experience with Google Analytics API and Facebook Business Manager API is a plus. Personality and Values: _Ready to Grow_ : The BI team is the engine driving Sun Basket's stupendous growth, and you are eager and ready for this job to get bigger over time. _Problem Solver_ : You have the ability to answer unstructured business questions and work independently to drive projects to conclusions. _Effective Communication_ : Present and communicate analysis to stakeholders in order to drive business decisions. Sun Basket is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status or disability with respect to employment opportunities. We value diversity and encourage all qualified candidates to apply. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Act, individuals with a criminal background are encouraged to apply.