Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com. Purpose: Responsible for managing and controlling the activities that provide operational support for a business segment or group. Advises business groups by providing strategic direction to initiative prioritization, integration and resource application. Leads process improvement initiatives through use of measurements, accountability, analysis and consideration of process alternatives in order to arrive at best practices. Scope: General: Uses best practices and knowledge of internal or external business issues to improve products or services Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience Requires in-depth knowledge and experience Decisions guided by policies, procedures and business plan Generally domestic scope/accountability Assist and support senior management team in planning and executing projects of any scale, and fulfilling routine and ad hoc requests. Perform routine and ad hoc data analysis, draw and present conclusions including recommendations for improvements or efficiencies. Develop and document policies and procedures, and project requirements. Develop productive relationships with client, and with co-workers, both on-site and remote. Identify problems in operation, analyze and make recommendations. Identify opportunities to improve procedures and processes. Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the "Submit" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form .