Network Engineer with experience in network engineering, network operations, network performance tools/analysis, project management, and systems integration. A successful candidate is an experienced architect and maintainer of complex suites of network hardware in an enterprise network environment. Most work is to be performed on-site, including some off-shift hours, and weekends. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Desired Skills: \- CISSP, CCIE, JNCIE, CCNP, Security +, Brocade certifications Hands-on experience and knowledge concerning switching and routing with knowledge on topics such as TCP/IP, IP configuration, Multicast networking, peer-to-peer networking, IP addressing & subnets, building a routing table, and other network protocols, standards, and architecture Experience in information security infrastructure, including firewalls and VPN architecture Experience managing vendor relationships for break/fix, root cause analysis, escalations, and technology refresh Knowledge / expertise with Cisc-Routing and Switching, Brocade Routing and Switching, and Brocade Network Advisor BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Advanced level of knowledge and experience supporting LAN/WAN infrastructures. Demonstrated through related professional level networking experience Expertise and experience with installing, configuring, and trouble-shooting TCP/IP-based networks Brocade and Cisco-Systems IOS and CLI experience Candidate must be able to troubleshoot network connectivity and/or peer to peer application issues at all levels of the TCP/IP stack via packet capture and analysis Working knowledge of standard network services (DNS, DHCP, IP Address Mgmt., NTP, SNMP, etc.) Strong documentation and technical writing skills to maintain system(s) configurations and network diagrams Proven Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Ability to multi-task and manage priorities Excellent interpersonal and teaming skills illustrated through related work experience Already possess or be able to obtain a TS/SCI clearance Ability to travel as required (minimal) Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.