Database Administrator & Developer Database Administrator/Developer is a full-time position, primarily responsible for the maintenance of production Microsoft SQL Server database servers and the development, coding, and deployment of web reports and persisted datasets to reporting systems and data visualization tools in a biopharmaceutical environment. Responsibilities Include: Create stored procedures, functions, triggers, T-SQL code to satisfy application and customer requirements. Write ad-hoc queries for end-users, extracting data from light manufacturing and laboratory information systems, and denormalized data stores. Design and develop reports using SQL Server Reporting Services. Work with development teams to address bug fixes and enhancement requests. Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, and refactor inefficient SQL code. Contribute to development and maintenance of transactional and data warehouse systems. Participates in 24x7x365 on call support rotation, as well as evening and weekend maintenance and deployment cycles as needed. Assist the development teams in migrating database changes from test to production servers. Assist data analysts in data curation and ad-hoc reporting requests. Minimum Skills and Experiences: 4 years of work experience with relational database systems (or 2 years of experience and a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science Engineering, or Life Sciences). Demonstrated competency in writing code and using development tools within the Microsoft SQL Server product suite. Demonstrated competency using database reporting tools (SSRS preferred, but may substituted with Tableau or Crystal Reports). Experience working in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, or laboratory work environments is preferred. Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) experience is preferred (manufacturing systems would be an appropriate substitute). Proficiency in other Linux-based database platforms (desirable but not required). At Roche, 94,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity Roche is an equal opportunity employer. Information Technology, Information Technology > IT ArchitectureSan Jose Who we are At Roche, 94,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity. Roche is an equal opportunity employer and strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based upon an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, mental/physical disability, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.