Position Summary The Integration Developer, Enterprise Platforms is responsible for designing and implementing integrations with end-to-end business systems across applications and related interfaces. The position will be a part of Technology Credit Union’s (Tech CU’s) Enterprise Application Services team. The incumbent will work closely with business unit managers and the broader IT organization to deliver integration services, supporting end-to-end business processes. The role will be responsible for developing services in Mulesoft ESB, Azure Logic Apps, and in the cloud by building and developing integrations to automate business processes internally and with external vendors/service providers. Responsibilities Essential Duties Partners with cross-functional teams to understand requirements and build solutions. Develops reusable code to optimize member experience and increase operational efficiencies. Ensures security of applications by use of coding best practices and participation in continuing education with focus on Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) training. Creates and maintains technical and user documentation that describes the processes and procedures necessary to achieve end user proficiency, system/application support continuity, compliance with all regulations and internal review processes. Performs other duties as assigned by the VP, Enterprise Applications & Integrations. Work Schedule Full-time; typically 40+ hours/week Flexible within core business hours, M-F Occasional extended early morning or late evening hours, and weekends, typically with advance notice Workplace Essentials _Supports Tech CU’s_ _Mission and Vision_ _and consistently demonstrates_ _Tech CU’s Values (Accelerate, Collaborate, Innovate and Cultivate)._ _Meets with manager on a regular basis to discuss goal alignment, performance metrics, and development plans._ Complies with Tech CU policies and procedures. Upholds employee Code of Conduct and Business Ethics and ensures confidentiality of the workplace. Complies with requirements imposed by federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Adheres to internal control and security measures designed to ensure regulatory compliance and mitigate losses and errors. Qualifications Education: Bachelors’ Degree in a related field. Experience: 6 to 8 years' increasingly responsible experience in working with integration platforms. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Designs and develops using EAI/B2B solution on B2B tools and J2EE concepts. Solid programming experience using Java, XPath, and XSL/T, J2EE based web applications (JSP, Servlet, JDBC, JMS, JAXB, JAX-RS, JAX-WS), Design Patterns, JMS, SOAP / REST Web Services, XSLT, CXF, JSON, ASP.NET, WCF, Spring Framework, etc. in order to deliver solutions. Solid hands-on experience in architecting and developing with SOAP and REST web services, open API development, and SOA concepts. Ability to create SOAP and REST based service interfaces using MuleSoft’s Mule Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) platform to deliver fast, reliable, and scalable integration API code. Experience working with RAML using Mulesoft. Excellent knowledge of Azure Integration Services (Logic Apps, Service Bus, Event Hubs). Strong understanding of Secure SDLC, GIT, TFS A passionate employee who sets an example for others and is highly responsive, productive, and efficient within a team environment. Uncompromising ability to implement simple solutions that are “fit for purpose” (fulfill business needs), “fit for use” (available when needed) and a “right fit” (fits the size and complexity of Tech CU). Strong business writing, collaboration, communication and presentation skills. Strong verbal communication skills. Strong service and team spirit. Travel: May be required to travel to Tech CU locations outside of headquarters, typically with advance notice. May be required to attend offsite meetings or events, including some overnight travel, typically with advance notice. Typical Working Conditions: Office environment with interaction with a variety of internal and external parties. Equipment Used: Routinely uses standard office equipment, including computer, phone, copier and other devices. Physical Requirements: This position requires: Speaking and listening to interact with internal and external parties in person or via phone Reading a computer screen and performing keyboarding tasks for up to 70% of the day Sitting at desk and/or conference table for extended periods of time Mobility to attend meetings within office building and offsite _EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY_ Technology Credit Union is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified employees and applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected basis. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. This is a grade 15 position, with a salary range from $97,700 to $156,300 with bonus potential of 15%. The anticipated range for new hires is between the low-end and midpoint of the range, depending on experience. Tech CU is a pay- for performance organization that benchmarks base pay to the 50th percentile of our market and we provide incentive-based compensation aligned with successful accomplishment of individual and corporate goals.