Description Are you searching for a new and exciting position, where you will work cross functionally in a growing and collaborative organization? If so, then you’re in the right place! We are looking for an Associate Consultant on our Web Implementation team, who is eager to learn our business and help to ensure customer satisfaction. You will do this by, communicating by phone, email, and chat forum with our SPS customers and their trading partners Why join SPS? You’ll work alongside talented and enthusiastic professionals who embrace the world of technology. Become a part of the largest retail driven and Omni channel focused community that has gained the trust of 70,000 customers globally. We are continuing to grow as the leader in the supply chain industry, along with helping our employees with career progression. Does this sound like you? You are a communicator- customer interaction and ability to work effectively in a team environment is a strength of yours. You are a problem solver- analyzing data and troubleshooting excite you! You lead the way when it comes to customer satisfaction- always looking for ways to exceed expectations. The Day-to-Day Lead day-to-day project tasks for implementing e-commerce solutions from assignment of project through implementation Guide the SPS customer through the implementation process according to their trading partner's business EDI requirements. Perform the internal setup, completing testing and supporting the customer on business and technical questions. Coach customers on product features and how to fulfill trading partner document requirements through non-integrated products, while act as the primary point of contact for our customers during the on-boarding process. What experience and skills do I need? Bachelor’s degree or equivalent education and experience Ability/aptitude to understand and work effectively with technical data and processes Prior customer facing work experience or technical/help desk experience a plus Demonstrated computer knowledge (Internet and Microsoft Office -Word, Excel and Outlook) Proven organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects concurrently General understanding or prior experience with e-commerce concepts or Web based EDI services a plus