About the team Zillow’s Artificial Intelligence team builds prediction models and big data systems for Zestimates, personalization engines, search ranking, computer vision, targeted advertising, and many other cutting-edge analytic products that power Zillow’s industry leading online marketplace. We empower the analytics and product teams across the Zillow Group's brands to provide insights about the real-estate agents and people who use our product to grow the premier agent business, increase sales efficiency, and build end-to-end user experiences. Learn more about what we are doing at https://www.zillow.com/engineering and https://www.zillow.com/data-science About the role Zillow is seeking an extraordinary Senior Product Manager for the Zestimate team. The Zestimate is the industry leading estimated market value for an individual home and is calculated for about 100 million homes nationwide in near real time. This role encompasses the full stack from defining the front end experience to the back end infra and models. You Will: As a Senior Product Manager you will work with engineering, product, sales, and marketing teams across Zillow Group brands to innovate on how we derive home values and help users across the spectrum of buying, selling, renting and improving their home. Lead the vision, strategy and exectution for Zestimate Partner with internal teams to gather data requests and translate them into concrete requirements; partner with engineering teams to deliver on those requirements Analyze, remove, and prevent roadblocks across teams to meet quality standards, project deadlines and business objectives Iterate quickly and test new ideas - analyze results Leadership capabilities to inspire and lead the team while moving quickly to deliver on business objectives and effectively communicate across various partners. Work with Applied Scientists to build prediction models Manage project plans, schedule commitments and ensure plans are integrated and aligned to overall organizational and business strategy Who you are Experience defining product vision and strategy Using a metrics driven product development approach Creating product specifications, user scenarios, and preliminary concepts Experience partnering with engineering teams to deliver products Comfortable with quick iteration and experimentation Creative problem solving skills, analytical thinker and passion for new technology Experience working with data to power machine learning based products A creative problem solver and master of cutting through ambiguity Knowledge of AWS technologies such as Amazon Redshift, Hadoop, Hive, and Presto. Experience with Spark, Python, and Scala a plus. Knowledge of machine learning & statistics principles The ability to work in a fast-paced, agile and collaborative cross-team environment Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (Computer Science preferred) Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._