Business Systems Analyst 2-180030032 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. U.S. Bank is seeking a motivated Business Systems Analyst with requirements gathering and functional design experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives. Collects functional requirements from the business line. Assists application development team in creating functional designs. Aids in testing of applications. Analyzes and evaluates user needs. Assists in developing and maintaining a complete and accurate understanding of how an impacted business unit conducts its business. Assists in developing and maintaining detailed knowledge of the business' current technology and infrastructure from a functional perspective. Assists in analyzing and documenting business processes of medium complexity. Works with business representatives to identify, analyze, document, and refine detailed business needs of medium complexity and scope. Designs functional solutions that appropriately meet the business needs. Reviews test plans for multiple projects and ensures that test cases and results meet requirements. Successful applicants will exemplify US Bank's ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, accountability for decisions and actions, and good citizenship. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Associate's degree or equivalent work experience At least 3 years experience with activities, tasks, practices and deliverables for assessing and documenting business opportunities, benefits, risks, and success factors of potential applications. Required/ Preferred Skills/Experience Basic understanding in: IT standards, procedures, policy IT environment Working experience in: Ability to conduct an analysis of business needs, including scheduling meetings, planning agendas, conferring with business line leaders, documenting and making verbal and written presentations Requirements analysis Updates related documentation and procedures Understanding of project life cycle methodology (PLM) and testing methodology/procedures Ability to develop test schedules, review testing plans, track test issues and report on test results Proficient computer skills, especially Microsoft Office applications Excellent planning and organizational skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Effective verbal and written communication skills Thorough knowledge of a business line or function area System testing Job Business Ops Analysis Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40