Req ID: 19527 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The Center for Autism Research is conducting a wide range of studies seeking to identify causes of ASD, and to explore novel methods of diagnosis, effective interventions, and other supports for families throughout the region affected by ASD. We are seeking a full-time Research Data Analyst to support the goals of a research program that uses big data drawn from electronic health records to more precisely describe the autism phenotype and generate new tools to detect and measure ASD in CHOP patients. The Research Data Analyst will work closely with the Lead Investigator to mine, manipulate, and analyze clinical research data from electronic health records and other large- scale clinical and research datasets. He/She will maintain and apply knowledge of appropriate computer systems and programming tools including R, python, SQL, and git/github, as well as knowledge of medical terminology and health care and research records. The Research Data Analyst will meet regularly with the PI, Lead Investigator, and Project Manager, and will be a member of CAR’s Data Core. Prior experience with some or all of these duties is a plus but is not necessary; many of the Research Data Analyst’s duties can be learned on the job. Successful applicants will be highly self-motivated and fast learners who enjoy working in bustling research environments. This position offers valuable research experience in preparation for applying to graduate school. As a member of CAR, the Analyst will have the opportunity to attend lectures and seminars on recent findings in autism research and data science, allowing exposure to scientific leaders in the field. Job Responsibilities Job Responsibilities: Participate in research by analyzing, abstracting, entering, and presenting data using research databases, including EPIC, REDCap, and MySQL. Review patient charts and record, analyze, and abstract data with 100% accuracy. Recombine data to create datasets and database content, including creating summary variables for preliminary analysis, using R, python, and SQL with 100% accuracy. Coordinate abstract writing and presentation under the direction of the Lead Investigator. Keep up-to-date with all possible database capabilities as well as related software and technology, including researching and applying new packages and modules to meet project needs. Participate in clinical research within area and in other activities to support the project. Perform other related duties that support the CAR Data Core more generally. [BL1]Made edits to this section, but started from the approved Research Data Analyst posting Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations None Required Education and Experience Required Education: BA/BS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or Information Technology, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Required Experience: Two years of experience with clinical databases and clinical research. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Masters degree Required Education: BA/BS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or Information Technology, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Additional Technical Requirements Additional Technical Requirements: Experience with R, python, or SQL Exposure to research methods or research, while not required, is helpful. [BL1]Added this, not in original description. If not an ok edit, I think it’s stated enough above to get the point across. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu