At Peloton, our sole focus is to help clients achieve optimal performance; we specialize in envisioning and delivering high-quality solutions within areas of Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) and across emerging Business Analytics applications. Peloton is focused, committed and passionate to demonstrate progress, measure results, and implement practical solutions that produce transformational outcomes. Our company provides an opportunity to work with consulting professionals in a collaborative, stimulating, entrepreneurial environment. Where individuals look forward to arriving at work each day, are recognized and appreciated, and are allowed to move boundaries and take calculated risks for greater success. Our teams partner with business leaders to develop unique and innovative solutions that generate real business results. Beyond results, we also strive to make every engagement educational and fun. Yes – fun! We really like what we do and we let it show. Join the revolution and lead organizations on a journey to compete in the 21st century! Peloton is a leading professional services firm focused on the Boston, New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, and Atlanta markets, specializing in envisioning and implementing high-value enterprise performance management (EPM) and business intelligence (BI) initiatives. We are actively seeking highly motivated, enthusiastic, and talented professionals with a background in finance/accounting and/or technology to join our growing Practice. The role provides an opportunity to work with consulting professionals in a high energy, entrepreneurial and high career growth environment. We are particularly focused on finding individuals with demonstrated experience within multi-dimensional database technologies. Specific technologies of interest include: Oracle Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) products and cloud solutions (PBCS, EPBCS, EPRCS, FCCS, ARCS). Individuals would be responsible for leading planning, reporting, and/or consolidations project work streams and deliverables at clients in the West Coast market. The right candidates will possess an eagerness to partner with business leaders to develop unique and innovative solutions that result in real business results. Chosen candidates will have the opportunity to be involved in a variety of team-based projects throughout the project lifecycle such as requirements gathering, process re-engineering, solution design, implementation, and delivery. Peloton also places a high value on internal contributions through the support and development of the firm and its team members. Specific responsibilities include: Recommending roadmaps and implementation plans Gathering and analyzing business requirements Aligning business requirements and best practices to implement a technical solution Defining new and refining existing business processes Managing a project and project team members Mentoring team members in their career development Contributing to continuous improvement and development of Peloton processes and intellectual property Participation in sales cycles through providing subject/technical matter expertise, estimating work, development of proposals and statements of work Required Experience and Skills: Qualified candidates must have a BS or BA degree in Business, Technology, or equivalent degree 3+ years of Financial Planning, Reporting and/or Analysis or deep knowledge within the Financial Consolidations and Close cycle and best practices Experience creating consolidated financial statements for public and private companies 3 to 5 years of implementation experience with Oracle EPM Products Experience with Oracle EPM Cloud Products and Solutions (PBCS, EPBCS, EPRCS, FCCS, ARCS) Desire and aptitude to delivery technology solutions to customers Demonstrated ability to multi-task and manage the work efforts / priorities of other team members Ability to quickly understand and decompose financial, business, and technical concepts Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Eagerness to mentor and develop staff Ability to travel within the United States Preferred Qualifications: Oracle Cloud Implementation certification 5 + years functional experience in the areas of financial/operational reporting, budgeting or forecasting, or consotlidations Compensation: Competitive base salary Medical and dental insurance 401K with supporting company match Flexible Spending Technical and business skills training Performance bonus Paid holidays and vacation days Peloton Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, genetics, or veteran status.