Company: FedEx Services Job Title: System Administrator – All Levels Job Requisition Number: RC62141 Category: Information Technology Locations: Collierville, Tennessee 38017 United States Colorado Springs, Colorado 80921 United States Plano, Texas 75024 United States Orlando, Florida 32810 United States Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108 United States FedEx Services is seeking qualified applicants for System Administrator positions at all levels. Your application to this posting may potentially be considered for multiple positions within this group. System Administrator Positions: Associate System Administrator Systems Programmer Senior System Administrator Systems Programmer Advisor Duties for this role include but not limited to design, test, and configure infrastructures and solutions for various applications and configurations. Utilize strong analytical and troubleshooting skills to diagnose and resolve hardware, software or other system issues. Provide level 3 technical support in critical production support issues interacting with Developers and Architects. Job Specific Information: This position will provide administrative support of Linux-based servers within the enterprise to deliver a reliable, secure infrastructure for applications, which support the business. Interacts with peer Operations teams, Development groups and Architects. Develops infrastructure monitoring and reporting using scripting and tools. Under general to limited supervision, performs one or more of the following activities utilizing analysis, troubleshooting, organization and effective communications: configuration management, system administration, security administration, network administration, development system implementation, production systems implementation. Responds to issues related to environment, hardware, system and/or software, performance and troubleshoots and implements resolution across the technology areas. Ensures security and reliability of systems through the application of patches and firmware updates on a regular basis. May support activities related to capacity planning, system design and configuration, change management, outage management, application release support and project management. Candidates with Linux OR Windows experience will be highly considered. Knowledge/skills considered a plus: Linux Strong skills in Linux/Unix System Administration (RHEL) Shell scripting Security / account management (sudo/sudoers/SSH/SFTP) Puppet uDeploy Apache / Tomcat Oracle 11g/12c Oracle RAC with CRS and DMM Multipath VCS Volume management (Veritas / LVM) Knowledge/skills considered a plus: Windows Strong skills in Windows Server System Administration PowerShell scripting Security / account management (AD/Group Policy) SCCM SCOM IIS HyperV SQLServer Additional knowledge/skills considered a plus: Hardware (HP Proliant DL380/DELL R740xd) Server/OS build process Virtualization (VMware) File system management/creation (NFS) TCP/IP, DNS Root cause analysis Performance management Strong interpersonal skills Splunk Automic ServiceNow NetBackup Project Management / Project Leadership Development experience with Java, Javascript, PHP, Perl, Python Domiciled Locations: Collierville, TN (Suburb of Memphis, TN) Coraopolis, PA (Suburb of Pittsburgh, PA) Plano, TX (Suburb of Dallas, TX) Colorado Springs, CO Orlando, FL Relocation Assistance: Relocation assistance may be available for this position, but is based on business decision. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree /or equivalent formal training, certifications, or work experience in coding. Two (2) years equivalent work experience or engineering environment. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirements. Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer. Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years: FORTUNE “World’s Most Admired Companies” – 2016 Corporate Responsibility Magazine “100 Best Corporate Citizens” – 2016 InformationWeek “Elite 100” – 2016 Women’s Business Enterprise National Council “America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises” - 2016 Reputation Institute “World’s Most Reputable Companies” – 2015 Black Enterprise “40 Best Companies For Diversity” – 2015 When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself. EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.