Developer – BI Back End Seattle, WA _About the Role . . ._ We are currently actively recruiting for Database Developers who have experience with the Microsoft SQL Stack for multiple engagements. Junior Level Qualifications Experience working with SQL queries and accessing data experience in BI-related development Ability to proficiently assess business requirements/model and gain an understanding of business metrics Excellent organizational, presentation, analytical, written, and verbal communication Understanding and experience with the Software Development Life Cycle Ability to be flexible and juggle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Comfortable in a support/debugging role Operates mostly on a learning path Mid-Level Qualifications 2+ years of BI-related development experience Working experience with SQL Server with proficiency SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, views and stored procedure Experience in data modeling, data analysis and relational database design Experience in OLAP Cube and MDX query development Demonstrated ability to identify business and technical impacts of user requirements and incorporate them into the project schedule Ability to work both independently and as part of a team Ability to work under pressure and to independently handle multiple projects and deadlines Mix of advanced learning and teaching junior resources Senior Level Qualifications 8+ years of BI-related development experience Strong background in SQL Server with proficiency SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, views and stored procedures Advanced data analysis Qualifications including advanced SQL query capabilities; deep experience in data modeling, data analysis and relational database design Experience in OLAP Cube and MDX query development Microsoft Certified Arch.: Database, MCTS in SQL Server Business Intelligence, or MCDBA desired Research, analyze, and recommend technical solutions; create architectural documentation describing proposed solutions Ability to provide professional, polished presentations to the company as a whole MS/CS or equivalent work experience Able to view entire solution from a holistic perspective not just back-end components; uses this to drive overall success of engagement Actively learns about and evaluates leading-edge technologies Experience setting up data encryption / manage certificates Experience setting up a redundant infrastructure is a huge plus Exeperience with Redshift / Oracle is a plus _About Logic20/20. . ._ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.