At Mashgin, we’ve built a self-checkout kiosk that uses computer vision to scan multiple items without barcodes, reducing checkout time by 10x. We’re completely recreating the checkout experience in an industry that’s had little innovation in decades. After going through Y Combinator in 2015, Mashgin has raised $10M+ from investors like Matrix Partners, KPCB, Venrock and more. We just raised our Series A round and are ready to scale. We’re looking for a full-stack developer to help us build the software that runs our kiosks and powers the extensive infrastructure behind them. In addition to building more traditional web stacks, you’ll work on code that interfaces with our hardware and visual components, making sure kiosks are extra reliable and the user experience amazing. This is not a specialized position - we believe in end-to-end ownership of projects, so you’ll be contributing to many different parts of the codebase in multiple languages. YOU'LL BE... Working with a small interdisciplinary team in hardware, software and design to build new versions of products from scratch. Building new features and dreaming up new architecture to solve problems. Rethinking and recreating existing codebases for scale. Improving and maintaining code that’s already in production. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience). Excellent knowledge of one or more of these languages: Python, Node.js, C++, Go, C, Java. Comfortable learning new languages, libraries, and frameworks when the solution calls for it. Experience building production-ready code that’s used regularly by lots of people. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience in a fast-paced work environment, shipping quality code quickly and iterating. Comfortable with deploying and managing cloud infrastructure. Good knowledge of algorithms and data structures. Strong proficiency with SQL and other database tech. WHAT WE OFFER An opportunity to work on a small, multidisciplinary team with the potential to break new ground in many different industries. Location: a few minute walk from the San Antonio Caltrain station in Mountain View, across the street from the San Antonio shopping center. Food: free meals and snacks while at the office. Excellent health and dental insurance. Flexible PTO policy. Competitive salary and options in a small, rapidly scaling company.