When the global aerospace community looks for ideas and solutions to its biggest challenges, they turn to the people of UTC Aerospace Systems. We design, invent and deliver the most advanced and diverse range of aerospace systems on the market. We are inventors. We are manufacturers. We work in space exploration, commercial air travel, defense and rescue applications. Always learning and pushing the boundaries, we are an undisputed industry leader that continually sets the bar higher and higher. Come soar with us. Get onboard the UTC Aerospace Operations and Supply Chain team and play a part in managing our innovative products from inception to delivery. Operations and Supply Chain employees have the opportunity to network across our businesses and functions, all while improving the productivity, quality, and efficiency of our operations worldwide. The Intern will support the development of all processes and procedures to effectively streamline manufacturing at the Phoenix Operations facility, including the application of lean manufacturing practices applied to the facility. Responsibilities: Participate in manufacturing, tracking, and status with a supervisor or manager Provide technical expertise, drives continuous improvement initiatives, and ensure compliance to company, customer and government standards. This includes involvement in control builds, work instructions, engineering documentation review, training, cost analysis, design for manufacture suggestions, etc. Establishes/reviews manufacturing processes and identifies improvement opportunities that support efficient product flow and/or cost reduction and lead/assists in solution implementations Supports manufacturing organization to maintain product flow Clarifies and corrects work instructions as necessary Supports resolution of technical production problems Ensure that production personnel has the necessary documents and tools required to build quality products Investigates inefficiencies and areas for cost reduction in manufacturing Explores new processes and equipment to realize cost savings on new and existing product lines Provides recommendations for continuous improvement opportunities Qualification: Basic Qualifications: Must be pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in Business Administration, Engineering (e.g. Electronics, Mechanical) or Materials & Supply Chain Must have a minimum 3.0 GPA Must have completed 30 hours of college coursework Preferred Qualifications: Experience with lean manufacturing desired Self-starters and able to work with minimal directions Able to communicate a clear understanding of their subject matter, work in cross-functional teams, respect individual differences, welcome diverse thinking, and offer informed suggestions to improve processes Good time management skills and communication skills Able to take direction and follow through with minimal supervision Understanding of Lean and Six Sigma processes Familiarity with database applications and Excel Ability to work in a safe manner within the Aerospace Manufacturing Environment Education: Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in Business Administration, Engineering (e.g. Electronics, Mechanical) or Materials & Supply Chain. Nothing matters more to UTC Aerospace Systems than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.