The Senior DBA is responsible for providing subject matter expertise within multiple database plataforms in the establishment and maintenance of HFT's database technologies. This role requires interaction with a cross-functional team of technology and business professionals including infrastructure, application development, business alignment, business & 3rd party subject matter experts to ensure that database technology solutions are planned, executed and maintained in accordance with data security standards, business requirements and business service level agreements. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Provide technical leadership to database administration team. Ability to perform core DBA functions in more than one database management system Creates database objects such as stored procedures, triggers, and packages, and performs tuning, database administration, and troubleshooting. Supports multiple system environments (in-house and external) for development, testing and production releases. Performs logical design and physical implementation of data services layer. Proactively diagnose and resolves problems affecting database performance Designs and implements database grooming, backup and recovery strategies. Proactively tune database systems to meet business SLAs Participates in special projects and performs additional duties as required. This person will work with a cross-section of internal IT organizations, including other DBA's, analysts, developers and management teams. Plan and implement effective backup, recovery and business continuity strategies. Design, test, implement and maintain high availability solutions Installation, administration, and troubleshooting of heterogeneous database systems Perform system builds and comply with security standards, release management, change management and quality assurance standards Identify and implement process improvements in various database aspects - Control, performance monitoring, user access and database security Allocate systems storage and develop plans for future growth requirements Adhere to corporate standards with respect to problem resolution, change and configuration management Experienced, self-reliant individual able to solve complex database issues with little instruction Able to work individually as well as in a team-oriented environment Provide mentorship to DBA’s and Jr. DBA’s instilling solid database concepts; leveraging industry best practices