Company Overview SmartAction™ is a cutting-edge Intelligent Voice Automation (IVA/IVR) and digital customer self-service services company on a rapid growth trajectory. Our disruptive, yet well-proven technology, strong customer base, and financial strength, form a solid foundation for long-term viability. Our solution is based on over 10 years of artificial intelligence research and development and is well positioned to fill the significant void between current technology and human call center agents. It is a truly unique solution within a rapidly expanding technology market for Cloud based AI solutions. We offer an energetic work environment, a great product, and operational and technical support, to enable the right candidate to be successful. What You’ll Do Partner Management Work proactively on a defined list of Partners to understand their business model and sales cycles and fully insert SmartAction in to the equation Responsible for building strong relationships across the Partner’s organization that will result in incremental qualified leads generated for SA services by the Partner Partner Coach Engage Partner Sales Reps to ensure they fully understand how to position and articulate SA to identify and qualify new leads with their prospects Identify Partner Sales Reps competency gaps and where necessary develop get-well-plans Attend appropriate Partner events and activities to develop deeper mindshare with the Partner Partner Recruitment Using the Partner qualification criteria, identify candidates, justify business rationale, and recruit the selected Partners to support SA’s Partner strategy across our defined business categories Prioritize based on ROI and to meet the SA “quality versus quantity” objective Subject Matter Expert Be the subject matter expert and go-to person for advice or assistance on your assigned Partners including help with processing Partner Sales Leads As the SME, work diligently to evangelize SA business benefits whenever and wherever to raise SA presence in the Partner community Partner Ambassador Act as a SA Partner ambassador both internally and externally and ensure appropriate and effective use of the SA resources, policies and processes when engaging with Partners What We’re Looking For The candidate for our Channel Director will be our Partner ambassador and have: 5-10+ years of call center sales and/or developing Partners selling to call centers Understands the sales cycle and how Partners are motivated Strong ability to manage Partners, influence sales cycles, and have a great telephone presence Ability to cultivate new business and identify effective win-win scenarios Demonstrated strong performance in problem solving, resourcefulness, and creativity Ability to quickly learn and build strong Partner relationships and supporting revenue pipeline Excellent grasp of business such as, ROI, IT resource constraints, and customer satisfaction Experience and enthusiasm to use new marketing and sales technologies to engage Partners A relationship oriented, flexible self-starter who desires to work in a young, rapidly growing, dynamic company – an entrepreneurial mindset Excellent communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal Hands on and can-do attitude as the ambassador for their Partners and SA Passion, persistence, integrity and ambition to succeed Experience using Salesforce Bachelor’s Degree in Business or related field Other Personal Characteristics Intelligent, bright, conceptual thinker and a quick learner with the ability to quickly assess a situation and generate new insights and usable ideas A leader as well as a team player who takes responsibility for results Ability to positively collaborate and influence others to achieve goals Good chemistry and fit with the firm’s culture; a constructive positive attitude; mature and self-confident; a consensus builder and team player Creative and curious, able to develop new and innovative solutions to complex problems Outstanding reputation of professional integrity with the potential to be personally credible within the organization Physical Demands and Work Environment The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. We offer a fun and energetic work environment in addition to M/D/V, 401k, FSA, vacation, and work-life balance. The company is an Equal Opportunity Employer, drug free workplace, and complies with ADA regulations as applicable. Job Type: Full-time To apply for this position please email your resume and cover letter to careers@smartaction.ai. Be sure to put the job title Channel Director in the subject line. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbents will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.