Our Sr. IT Desktop Support Administrator will lead day-to-day support and administration of company desktop and laptop computers, maintain corporate computer images, MacOS patching, software deployment servers and act as the escalation point for IT Administrators. Additional duties will include, troubleshooting and maintaining MacOS and Windows 7,8 and 10 end user workstations, maintaining end user software applications, and managing New Hire setups. In addition, you will serve as a general technical resource, assisting IT Management with a variety of technical elements related to IT projects. What you'll do You will be the point person for IT related issues and provide technical assistance and support to 23andMe Staff You'll lead administration of the Jamf Casper Suite and Servicenow You'll own the Mobile device management You'll assist IT Management with projects and application deployments This role also maintains computer images, MacOS patching and software deployment servers You will bring You'll have significant knowledge of a broad range of Mac OS X and Windows based applications and possess a strong knowledge of Windows Active Directory Your background will show you are proficient with centralized client management systems such as Jamf and SCCM You will bring basic knowledge of Networking and TCP/IP, Linux/Unix systems, and IP telephony systems For this role, you will need to be able to quickly identify complex IT related issues, have the ability to work the issue to resolution, and demonstrate strong customer service skills You'll be able to communicate clearly to both technical and non-technical end users across the company Technologies Jamf Casper Suite SCCM G-Suite Microsoft Active Directory MacOS X Windows 7, 8, 10 BetterCloud Symantec Endpoint Protection About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.