Santanna requires better coverage in managing manually-executed production processes, a higher level of responsiveness in resolving client help desk tickets and queries, and a greater capacity for identifying and implementing production process improvements. We require an additional Data Analyst to help reach those objectives. We are looking for someone with outstanding analytical skills, a strong technical background, exceptional attention to detail, excellent communication skills and a high level of professionalism. Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or certification from a technical college 2 to 4 years hands-on data analysis experience with large data sets in different formats. 2 to 4 years with SQL, preferably T-SQL and SSMS. Knowledge of flat file formats and electronic data interchange (EDI). Relevant experience to enable easy transition into a complex and high-volume EDI environment. Skilled at understanding, debugging and enhancing complex logic contained in SQL objects. Strong skills with Microsoft Office applications, especially Excel and Word. High comfort level managing and manually executing time-critical business processes. Experience in help-desk ticket resolution. Self-motivated with highly reliable personal habits to ensure timely in-office completion of early morning production processes. Strong interpersonal and customer service skills for maintaining excellent relationships with internal and third-party partners, both in-person and remotely. Self-starter, ability to work responsibly and productively with minimal supervision, and an ownership mentality with a drive to deliver outstanding results that exceed expectations. Ability to work effectively under ambiguous conditions and in an environment where legacy systems are not always documented nor fully understood by co-workers, and where resolution will depend on personal initiative and determination. Excellent oral and written communication and documentation skills. Familiarity with the following a plus: RegEx, SSRS, C.