Information Security Analyst - Journeyman ABOUT THE ORGANIZATION Now is a great time to join Redhorse Corporation. Redhorse specializes in developing and implementing creative strategies and solutions with private, state, and federal customers in the areas of cultural and environmental resources services, climate and energy change, information technology, and intelligence services. We are hiring creative, motivated, and talented people with a passion for doing what's right, what's smart, and what works. Redhorse Corporation is seeking an Information Security Analyst - Journeyman to join our team on task with the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIUx) to support the Washington Headquarters Services (WHS) Security Officer (SO) with on-site security management in Mountain View, CA. The ideal candidate will plan, implement, upgrade, or monitor security measures for the protection of computer networks and information. May ensure appropriate security controls are in place that will safeguard digital files and vital electronic infrastructure. May respond to computer security breaches and viruses. The Security Analyst will provide in-depth security knowledge and respond to DIUx requests for security services, including counterintelligence support. The analyst will apply WHS Security Office security procedures, checklists, process controls, practices, and education and awareness training to the day- to-day operations of the DIUx. Responsibilities for the Information Security Analyst - Journeyman include but are not limited to: Provide day-to-day on-site Security support to the DIUx staff. Provide information, recommendations, policy interpretation, and documentation in support of various security functions and special projects. Research relevant security related issues with respect to the potential impact on the DIUx. Requests will often require a review of existing records, policy research, and database queries. Provide day-to-day administrative security support including research and preparation of graphic presentations; word-processing, proofreading, filing, and database management. Compile data and develop reports on security programs, policies, and procedures. Receive, record, and respond to all customer requests for security services, to include counter-intelligence support. Keep DIUx informed of progress relative to their requests. Track each request to completion and by discrete action type (SIPRNet token, facility access, badge request, Visit Access Requests (VARs), etc.). Provide sufficient metrics or monthly report to include request volume by type task, time to complete, average time by task, trend analysis over time, status. Manage email traffic submitted to the DIUx Security shared mailbox. Conduct the security portions of in and out processing of Government Civilian, Military and Contractor personnel, ensuring actions are fully tracked to completion, including entries into the Joint Personnel Adjudication System (JPAS), or successor system. Support WHS/SO in conducting inquiries/investigations into potential security incidents by aiding the Government in the establishment of interviews; preparation of reports, and end-to-end tracking of the incident. Maintain appropriate information in security related database systems to include computerized access control system, JPAS, or successor system, and security rosters reflecting eligibility and access, including Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI). Interface, brief, and provide analysis for Government Program Leads, senior management stakeholders, and executive leadership relative to the security program. Provide support services to assist in developing and implementing regular reporting on security related metrics and success factors determining the effectiveness and efficiency of the DIUx security program. Attend various security meetings to include various DIUx SO program update meetings, training sessions, focus groups, and research groups. Coordinate all agendas, meeting minutes, presentations, and governance with the appropriate Government Program Lead as directed. Implement security procedures, checklists, process controls, and practices including preparation of documents and destruction of records as directed by the appropriate Government Program Lead. Support the annual DIUx Information Security Assistance Visit (ISAV) program in accordance with WHS SO requirements. Coordinate the annual schedule, conduct the visits, develop recommendations for improvement, prepare the annual reports, and prepare appropriate metrics outlining results and trend analysis over time. Support the security education & awareness training program. Prepare and conduct training, and report compliance. Estimate between 5-8 training sessions per year. Provide country-specific risk assessments and briefings for personnel planning to travel overseas. Estimate no more than 25 per year. Support the SCI and collateral facility requirements for DIUx SO customers. Maintain an inventory of secure facilities, including Sensitive Compartmented Information Facilities (SCIFs). Prepare and/or update required documentation affecting procedures and secure space accreditations, to include SCIF. Conduct physical security inspections, process necessary paperwork for accreditation, identify vulnerabilities, recommend mitigation strategies, and assist customer organizations with the implementation of actions to achieve DOD compliance. Provide record compliance and other record lifecycle material applicable to existing Federal record policy and legislation, in accordance with the DoD Administrative Instruction 15. The contractor shall provide records management support to the DIUx staff in developing a DIUx record plan, provide two training session on records management per year, and complete an inventory of all DIUx records to identify DIUx permanent records for long-term storage. POSITION REQUIREMENTS Basic Minimum Requirements for Skills, Experience, Education and Credentials for the Information Security Analyst - Journeyman include: Minimum 8 years of related work experience. Bachelor's degree Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills to interface, brief, and provide analysis to DIUx leadership relative to the security program. Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office Suite of products and Possess and demonstrate strong writing/grammar skills. Active Top Secret/SCI Clearance Some domestic travel required Additional Minimum Requirements for Skills, Experience, Education and Credentials for the Information Security Analyst - Journeyman include: Strong oral/written communication. Proven organizational and project management skills. Critical thinking and decision-making skills coupled with strong analysis and problem-solving skills. Self-starter, driven and able to work with limited direction under targeted time lines. Collaborative personality enjoys and able to work effectively in a team-oriented environment. Adaptability and comfort working in a fast-paced and sometimes unstructured environment. Translates complex ideas into processes and tactical plans Leads by example. The work environment for this position requires an individual to be able to: Work sitting or standing at a desk or conference table for extended periods of time with the ability to shift positions while working: sit, stand, pace, adjust positioning in any of those without issue Walk in the office to collaborate with co-workers, attend meetings or retrieve documents from printer Ability to carry up to 10 pounds