Psychology &Social Science 0.6 FTE, 8 Hour Day Shifts (Fixed Term) At Stanford Children’s Health, we know world-renowned care begins with world- class caring. That's why we combine advanced technologies and breakthrough discoveries with family-centered care. It's why we provide our caregivers with continuing education and state-of-the-art facilities, like the newly remodeled Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Stanford. And it's why we need caring, committed people on our team - like you. Join us on our mission to heal humanity, one child and family at a time. The Playroom Coordinator is responsible for planning, implementing and evaluating developmentally appropriate play activities and interactions in the Forever Young Zone, Preschool and other designated areas. This position interviews, trains and directs Child and Family life volunteers. The Coordinator assists with the planning and implementation of special events, orders and maintains playroom supplies, creates monthly Fun Guide and assists with donations. Plans and implements group activities for patients and families which are developmentally appropriate and based on needs assessment in the Forever Young Zone, Preschool, and other designated areas. Assists in the planning, coordination and facilitation of special events and special visitors. Shares observations of child’s developmental, physical and emotional behavior, along with relevant family information, with the other members of the Child and Family Life Services team verbally and/or through documentation in patients chart. Interviews, orients, trains, supervises and evaluates Child and Family Life Services volunteers and assists with supervision of Recreation Therapy/Child Life students. Assists with acceptance of donations and other donation related responsibilities. Provides developmentally appropriate play activities and orientation to Child and Family Life Services for patients bedside, under the direction of a Recreation Therapy/Child Life Specialist II. Provides and maintains age-appropriate supplies in compliance with safety and infection control policies, assists in inventory control, ordering of supplies and storage of supplies. Develops, edits, prints and distributes monthly Fun Guide, flyers for events and banners for Get Well TV Evaluates programs and services. Records statistics and other data needed for program evaluation. Minimum Qualifications: _Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying._ Education: Associate’s degree in work-related field. Experience: One (1) year of progressively responsible directly related work experience. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: These are the observable and measurable attributes and skills required to perform successfully the essential functions of the job and are generally demonstrated through qualifying experience, education, or licensure/certification. Ability to assess and meaningfully interact with infants, children youth and families. Ability to provide a safe, therapeutic and healing environment for infants, children, youth and families. Ability to develop and evaluate services. Ability to implement services within the structure and culture of the work environment. Ability to foster effective working relationships and build consensus. Ability to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information. Ability to communicate with others in all formats: written, oral, interpersonal. Ability to display independent judgment and initiative. Ability to establish and sustain relationships with staff members and a variety of internal and external working groups and individuals. Ability to speak, read, write, and understand English effectively at a level appropriate for the safe and effective performance of the job. Equal Opportunity Employer L ucile Packard Children’s Hospital Stanford strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, LPCH does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements, and where applicable, in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.