Job Description The Opportunity Iris is Pluralsight’s learning intelligence platform, an innovative and unique user experience, whose aim is to use data to create a smarter, personalized learning journey. It is cutting edge and a key component of Pluralsight’s strategy. We are growing a team of people from multiple disciplines who love solving complex problems with data and are excited by the prospect of creating the brains behind Iris. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for building the infrastructure and implementing the algorithms that make Iris smart. You will be working on a cross-functional team with a Product Manager, UX designer, dev ops specialist, machine learning engineers, and software engineers. You’ll be part of a team that is user focused, has a mentality for experimentation, and iterates quickly. Who you are: You have a strong foundation in Machine Learning and Computer Science and an understanding of applied statistics and math. You have a broad understanding of state of the art in Machine Learning. You are a master of SQL-like databases (e.g. PostGres, Impala, Hive), preferably with experience with Spark and other big data platforms. You are a proficient Python programmer and have at least some exposure to R. Regardless of your favorite scientific computing environment, you can flex between the two languages. You have experience building production services and/or models, preferably as part of a product development team. __ A track record of implementing data-driven products is ideal. You have worked in a collaborative development environment and have experience with continuous integration and delivery. You can describe and speak in an approachable way about complex analyses and concepts within a cross-functional team. You are a great “analytic translator”. What you’ll own: Develop robust, scalable production data science products based on prototype algorithms developed in Python or R by the data science R &D; team. You’ll evaluate trade-offs and do performance tuning for production traffic. Iterate, and innovate on Machine Learning algorithms in collaboration with Machine Learning Engineers and Software Engineers Collect, process and cleanse data from a wide variety of sources. Transform and convert unstructured data set into structured data for algorithm input. Evaluate the effectiveness of user experiences, determining what data is needed and how to collect it Experience you’ll need: M.S. or Ph.D in Computer Science or relevant quantitative science Minimum of 3 years in a data science engineering role Experience working with product development teams and/or with developers Qualifications null Additional Information Be Yourself. Pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.