Job Description: Role Summary/Purpose: In this new role, the AVP, POS Integrations will lead digital Point of Sale implementations for new online retailers. The person selected for this role will need strong collaboration across functions to drive and deliver fast and seamless shopping cart integrations to facilitate new digital growth for Payment Solutions. Essential Responsibilities: Work directly with Sales, IT, Compliance, Marketing, and other internal teams as well as clients and external partners to develop, test and launch online shopping cart solutions that adhere to all regulatory, legal and internal policy standards. Leads continuous improvement of digital POS solution to enable sales growth for our partners. Partner with cross-functional teams to provide ongoing support, maintenance and enhancements of digital POS solutions. Offers recommendations to online retailers resulting in optimal POS technology performance. Facilitate benchmarking and competitive analysis to objectively measure our position in offering simple online shopping cart solutions. Collaborate with CareCredit and Retail Card peers and key Compliance, Credit, IT and Legal stakeholders to leverage platform best practices and future enhancements. Develop and manage project plans and timelines for new online retailer launches. Work with Analytics team to develop project success measurement plans. Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor’s degree with a minimum of 3 years of project leadership experience; or in lieu of the Bachelor's Degree, a minimum of 6 years of project leadership experience; Working knowledge of online shopping cart solutions Strong technical acumen Proficiency with Microsoft Office products Able to travel up to 10% of the time. Desired Characteristics: Experience in credit card / promotional financing environment Excellent written and verbal business presentation and communication skills Demonstrated strategic, analytical and problem-solving skills Experience working with external consultants on product ideation and project management Demonstrated leadership and influencing skills Global mindset, willing to leverage best practices regardless of source Eligibility Requirements: You must be 18 years or older You must have a high school diploma or equivalent You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the selection process You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. _Effective 1-1-18, new hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles.Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months’ time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles._ Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 24 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must have at least a “consistently meets expectations” performance rating and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance requirement). Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Reasonable Accommodation Notice: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627.Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time. Grade/Level: 10 The salary range for this position is 60,000.00 - 130,000.00 USD Annual Salaries are adjusted according to market in CA and Metro NY and some positions are bonus eligible. Job Family Group: Sales