Our Customer Data Platform team is a highly strategic and Digital information technology focused team responsible for leading our digital 1st party data collection. This initiative, spanning digital marketing and advertising functions within business units, enables customer driven use cases across digital customer journey and engagement. Within these consumer engagements, our data collection processes provide a base foundation for deep analytics and data science. Under the direction of an assigned supervisor, the Data Warehouse developer will perform design, development, implementation, maintenance and enhancement related activities necessary to support data warehousing, business intelligence and reporting systems. The ideal candidate will have the opportunity to demonstrate data warehouse and data mart expertise.. The role requires experience with Microsoft BI tools, MS Azure, data warehouse architecture and data modeling. Specifically, the Data Warehouse Developer: Captures requirements and developing new database models/designs within our data warehouse platform Designing and developing working data mart prototypes to meet reporting performance measures as well as working with the BI Development team to drive reporting and dashboard development based on multiple data sources to answer key business questions. Working with digital insight analysts and business stakeholders to understand business/organizational questions being asked and determining existing and new BI models to support the requests. Determining Scope, levels of effort and time necessary to develop, test and deploying working models The role will work within our customer data platform team and digital direct teams to capture and expand our insight and analysis capabilities for our digital businesses. The role requires a self-starter and someone who thrives on implementing creative approaches and challenges. Moreover, challenging themselves and others to constantly come up with better solutions and improvements in expanding our insight capabilities. Required Skills ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop an in-depth understanding of data maintained in various transactional systems and how data from these systems are best organized and integrated to support transactional, reporting, and analytic needs. Create and maintain relational and dimensional data structures to meet functional requirements and optimize performance. Develop and maintain data marts, data cubes, queries, and reports Develop and maintain data models and data maps for data warehouse system and operational data store. Creating star schema data models, performing ETLs and validating results with business analysts and business partners Supporting implemented BI solutions by: monitoring and tuning queries and data loads, addressing user questions concerning data integrity, monitoring performance and communicating functional and technical issues. Develop and prepare schedules for new data marts. Analyze large databases and recommend appropriate optimization for same. Design data models and define both logical and physical models. Administer requirements and design various functional specifications for data. Prepare ad hoc queries reports for both technical and business teams. Prepare various code designs and ensure efficient implementation of same. Evaluate all codes and ensure quality of all project deliverables. Provide support to teams in all technical matters. Design and implement various unit tests on system and prepare test data. KNOWLEDGE OF: Data Warehouse and Data Mart concepts, structures and systems Extract, Transform and Load processes Reporting design and delivering reporting solutions Relational database concepts Microsoft SQL Server Database End-user reporting tools Windows and Unix operating systems Basic statistical methods ABILITY TO: The ability to understand complex data models Develop SQL statements, procedures and functions Debug and solve problems Manage multiple priorities, follow project plans and meet project deliverables Complete assignments on time Learn new skills and adapt to changes in technology Strong interpersonal and communication skills Analytical problem-solving skills Institute data quality measures and to validate data between source and target systems Prior experience working with Digital marketing/eComm/Consumer Direct is a plus QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Information Technology, an Analytics related degree, or equivalent work experience 3-5 years of proven SQL Server Experience building and supporting Data Warehouse and Data Mart structures. Support end user reporting tools such as Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services and Power BI. Preferred - Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA), Microsoft Certified Solution Associate (MCSA), Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer Experience with Azure SQL products and services highly desire Exposure to Big Data Technologies such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark or other Big Data Platforms is a plus Experience with eComm, digital analytics and marketing data integrations desired Ability to think creatively and solve problems Mentor /guide and train junior team members Required Experience