Come help define and design the future of business apps as part of Microsoft’s Cloud +AI Studios. We’re looking for a UX Content Designer (AKA product content strategist, UX writer) for Microsoft Flow. At Microsoft, we believe breakthrough technology is created by constant experimentation, fearless exploration, and a commitment to long-term innovation. That where you come in! The role You’ll work in a multidisciplinary design team to co-create product experiences and content, collaborating with product managers and fellow content designers, interaction designers, visual designers, researchers, and data scientists. This position requires deep understanding of UX, technology, and the role language plays in design. (It isn’t a marketing role, though occasionally you may craft messaging and copy for that domain.) The company and design team Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more through our technology and innovation. To help make that a reality, our Cloud + AI Studios of 175+ designs solutions that help our business customers transform their companies. Everything from Azure and Dynamics 365 to PowerApps, Power BI, and AI-infused experiences. We ship business software that meets the same high bar for usability, performance, and design as the best consumer apps and services. And as product designers for AI and intelligence, we bring humanity and clarity to every product, experience, and conversation we design. Our studio’s core priorities: Design experiences customers love Work as one team Deliver success Become even better every day About you You’re a UX strategist/writer/content designer-type who loves to learn, solve challenges, and dream up new ideas. You've worked on multiple products already, and you're looking for a new adventure. You’re excited about what’s possible when trends converge, in this case advances in traditional business intelligence, data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. And you’re OK with the hard work of defining away the complexity and managing for ambiguity in an emerging space. You have a way with everyday human language—transforming complex into simple and sprinkling in moments that delight. Everywhere you look, you see ways to improve experiences (try as you might to turn off that particular superpower). And you're passionate about working on innovative projects that will change the world for the better. You like to fix what's not quite right, shorten text so that it's pointed but not pointy, and make users unaware of how smooth their ride forward is (that's what UX is all about). You know how to reduce the number of screens in an app, to remove the extraneous, to drive users to the next page and the next, to shorten the path to done. Responsibilities Qualifications You bring these things to the role: Experience shipping cloud services and/or mobile apps Deep understanding of UX design fundamentals and the creative development process Storyteller with a unique ability to develop UX from the customer’s point of view Disciplined user of data to drive decisions and measure success Self-starter who plans and executes work with minimal support Evangelist of brand, voice, style, and UX standards among partner teams to raise content and product quality Adept at prioritization in agile workflows Comfortable with ambiguity, know your strengths, and have a point of view Possess a decisive bias toward action Insatiable curiosity Proficient at influencing for impact 5+ years of combined experience in product design, content strategy, brand/digital marketing, ecommerce, editorial—whether in-house, agency, consulting Strong design portfolio of both personal and team-based work (Your experience should demonstrate ability to handle complex and novel user experiences, creativity, leadership, and excellent execution) BA/BS degree (We know there are many paths that may have led you to the intersection of design and product development so we’re flexible on the specific area of study so long as there is a strong educational foundation to your career) Skills UX for technical and business customers Scenarios and personas Research and usability testing Content strategy Information architecture Brand voice and style Product positioning and messaging Copywriting and copyediting Terminology research, formulation, and rationalization Qualifications Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.