Overview If you are into programming, working in small teams, and solving complex problems using the latest in Cloud, Mobile, and web technologies, Pariveda Solutions is the company for you. Our Dallas team is growing and looking for lead software developers who want to design, develop, and deliver enterprise- level applications. This is an opportunity to expand your knowledge of full life cycle development, gain direct client exposure, and grow junior team members. We Look For: Passionate coders with 3-5 years of application development experience Client facing or consulting experience highly preferred The complete package- We design, develop, and deliver Skilled problem solvers with the desire and proven ability to create innovative solutions Flexible and adaptable attitude, disciplined to manage multiple responsibilities and adjust to varied environments Future technology leaders- Dynamic individuals energized by fast paced personal and professional growth Formal or informal technical leadership experience Phenomenal communicators who can explain and present concepts to technical and non-technical audiences alike, including high level decision makers Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable experience Legally authorized to work for any company in the United States without sponsorship You Can Expect To: Advance through a clearly defined career path with the tools, support and mentors to get there along with eligibility for promotion every 12 months Learn to lead small Pariveda teams and work with clients in a variety of industries Think through complex problems and work with a team to implement real-world solutions Perform all roles throughout the SDLC (estimate, gather requirements, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver) Explore different technologies- Develop applications in languages including… Java and .NET HTML5, CSS, Javascript – Angular, Backbone, Knockout and more Mobile – iOS, Android, and Xamarin Cloud – AWS and Azure (we’re partners with both!) Data, IoT and more Create and present findings, solutions, and demos to audiences including senior executives and stakeholders Provide guidance to teammates and help them develop their skills and careers Actively engage in our culture of continuous learning, personal and professional development, and lead community service and social gathering events Pariveda Benefits Competitive Salary Exceptional 401k – 3% company match with additional 1% if annual plan is achieved Plenty of Paid Time Off - 4 weeks of vacation time plus 9 holidays Paid sabbatical after 5 years of service for Principal levels and above Paid parental leave Company Ownership through Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day at Pariveda Excellent Healthcare and Wellness 100% company paid premiums for you and your family (medical, dental, vision) Life Insurance Short Term and Long Term Disability In 2003, we asked one simple question. Can a technology consulting firm be successful by focusing first on growing the individual to their fullest potential? We believed that through an unwavering commitment to developing people we could create a different kind of company. We created Pariveda. It is through this belief in helping the individual, counter to industry norms, we have grown revenue each and every year since 2003. We are passionate about creating interesting solutions to the unknown/unmet needs of our clients and to grow, both our people and our clients, through those experiences. We believe in the efficiency of small teams working together to solve complex problems leveraging strategy and technology. At Pariveda, we integrate information technology into the fabric of businesses across the breadth and depth of their value chains. We call this the Business of IT®. We believe in growing deep relationships with our people, our clients and others in our networks. Trusted relationships are integral to everything we do - from relationships with the people with whom we work, the people we partner with at our clients, or the people we interact with in our communities. We believe trusted relationships are built through challenging and exhilarating experiences that make a difference to clients and communities. You will discover people here are passionate about their work. You will discover our openness in developing you and growing as our expectations are openly communicated to you and provide opportunities for you to evidence your readiness to move to the next level. And together we seek to be difference- makers in our industry and the communities where we live by always learning, coaching more, and giving back. We serve clients ranging from Fortune 100 to Global 2000 to startup companies and spanning multiple industries. We provide company ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day of work with us. Our people live and work in local communities within the thriving cities of Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington DC. If you are inspired by our mission and our beliefs and want to join us in developing yourself and others as an Associate in our Dallas office, apply today. _The Business of IT_ _®_ _is a registered trademark of Pariveda Solutions, Inc. describing where IT departments need to act more like the businesses they serve given the ubiquitous integration of information technology into the world of business._ _LI-NJ1_