Overview Provide strategic design and maintenance of business intelligence applications. Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems. Ensures that the use of business intelligence applications enhance business decision making capabilities. Responsibilities Design, build, test and maintain scalable and stable off the shelf application or custom built technology solutions to meet business needs Design and develop highly visual, interactive, and layered Business Intelligence solutions using Tableau and Business Objects. Responsible for data preparation, data blending, the creation of data models /sets using various applications including ‘app’ development. Develop production reports originating from the Data Warehouse to be used by the business for ongoing analytical and strategic operation plans. Triage requests, gather user requirements and facilitate ad hoc report and data requests with a quick turn-around. Define and document processes, best practices, and strategies for existing and future BI solutions, optimizing business efficiencies as it relates to process improvement. Leverage extensive datasets and various statistical software applications to develop and execute strategic quantitative analysis Investigate and report on complex data interactions to help identify and address our clients’ key strategic business opportunities Act as a liaison between business users, management and application system IT support. Interface with Data Warehouse and Architectural staff to provide data requirements to support ongoing BI initiative. Perform other job related functions as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Arts or Science, with emphasis in computer science, communication, economics, data analytics or a related field. Masters in Computer Science a plus. Must possess advanced background in Microsoft Office and advanced Excel. Technical knowledge in T-SQL or PL/SQL programming languages Experience with Tableau and Business Objects Excellent database skills Excellent problem solving, quantitative and analytical skills In depth technical knowledge and ability to learn new technologies Project management, scheduling and planning Team player, excellent communication skills Must be able to interact with senior management and collect requirements Must be able to lead a team, use judgment and operate under ambiguity Motivated, self-starter, strong work ethic Strong written and oral communication skills.