DMI is seeking a full time Android Developer to support customer in Michigan Duties and Responsibilities: Develop software code to the sprint user stories. Work closely with Anchor Engineer and build product based on the inputs, especially for the technical engineering aspects of the code. Write unit test cases and perform unit testing of the developed software. Triage and remediate defects. Perform peer review of product team’s software code, unit test cases and test results. Contribute to backlog especially for refactoring. Participate in all invited product scrum meetings – Sprint Planning, Backlog Prioritization & Grooming, Standup and Retrospection Qualifications Education and Years of Experience: Experience Required: 8+ years as a professional software engineer with 3+ years of experience developing native - Android mobile applications (including UI implementation, WebView integration, consumption of XML/JSON/REST services, and SQLite/databases). Strong knowledge of Android SDK, different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes. Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices. Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning. Experience with the Android Material Design Interface Guidelines and Android app permissions. Experience with RESTful APIs to connect applications to back- end services. Experience with unit testing tools such as JUnit , Mockito, Expresso Etc. Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery tools and pipelines such as Jenkins, Maven, Gradle, etc. Experience in eXtreme Programming (XP) disciplines including Paired programming and Test-first/Test Driven Development (TDD) Desired/Preferred Qualifications - Experience with debugging apps is a plus. Having published one or more applications to the Google Play Store is a plus. Able to work independently or as part of a team. Experience working in an Agile environment. Experience Preferred: Experience with Spring Cloud and deploying to cloud platforms, preferably Pivotal Cloud Foundry or Cloud Foundry. Physical Requirement(s): No Physical requirement needed for this position . Location: Dearborn, Michigan Working at DMI DMI is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. We provide our employees with competitive benefits, educational assistance, and career growth opportunities. Every employee is valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company. The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Veterans/Disability. No Agencies Please Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions.