Processes construction change orders, supplemental agreements and extra work orders. Analyzes cost data submitted by contractor and coordinate changes. Sets up change order fills for all construction projects. Assists with project planning and the development of policies and procedures for area of responsibility. Work requires contact with governmental officials, consultants, contractors and private entities. Employees at this level perform work independently on assignments; however, all unusual issues are referred to the supervisor. Duties The essential duties for this job include: Monitors audits of monthly and final estimates change orders, supplemental agreements, and extra work orders; reviews monthly and final estimates prior to submittal. Monitors contracting, construction record-keeping and construction records auditing activities for multiple construction projects. Oversees the external Equal Employment Opportunity program and monitors on-the-job training and Disadvantaged Business Enterprise and Small Business Enterprise programs. Oversees the Maintenance Management Information System. Performs field reviews of construction projects to assist area engineers and project engineers in resolution of construction problems. This duty requires the ability to drive/travel. Researches and analyzes incoming correspondence, reports and other written material. Researches and evaluates data, interprets and analyzes results, prepares reports and recommends solutions to problems. Reviews construction records, inspection reports and records audits to ensure contractors build roadways, bridges and related structures in accordance with plans and specifications. Reviews formal contract disputes and claims; recommends or develops timely solutions that comply with plans, specifications and policy and serve as precedent for other projects. Performs other job responsibilities as assigned. Competencies The required competencies for this job include: Communicate effectively Applicable plans, specifications and estimates preparation, review, processing and compliance requirements Construction engineering policies and procedures Auditing and investigative methods, practices and procedures DBE and SBE programs Maintaining effective working relationships with others Writing, reviewing and revising documents to include engineering notes, specifications, standards and procedures Reading and interpreting applicable plans, schematics, blueprints and maps Coordinating labor, materials and equipment Persuasion and negotiation of critical issues Analyzing and organizing business and technical data The use of personal computers and applicable programs, applications and systems Maintaining a safe working environment Education This job requires the following: Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline Work Experience This job requires the following: 2 years in Transportation design, construction, traffic operations, maintenance, bridge inspection (Experience can be satisfied by fulltime or prorated parttime equivalent) No supervisory experience required. Relevant experience may be substituted for education on a year per year basis. Licenses and Certifications The following Licenses and/or Certifications are required for this job: Valid driver's license at time of application. Safety Impact Certificate Other Conditions: This is a Safety Impact position (either Safety Impact, Commercial Driver and/or Vessel Crew Member) and will be subject to random drug testing. __ _Safety Impact certifications are not required at the time of application. As required, the Safety Impact certification will be issued by TxDOT at the time of hire._ __