Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next- generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role Proofpoint is seeking an experienced and dynamic Senior Solutions Architect to focus on our SaaS Protection (CASB) platform for Fortune 500 organizations throughout the Western US and Canada. This role will interact with CIO/CISO level individuals in large enterprise organizations, in addition to technical security staff for both current and prospective customers. This individual will be a major contributor to our aggressive plans regarding market share and product footprints in this space. Candidates for this role can be located in any major metropolitan area in the Western United States. Your day-to-day As a critical member of the Proofpoint sales team, engage with both current and prospective customers in person, by phone and/or video conference. Provide technical pre-sales support for both direct and channel sales teams throughout North America. Build rapport, trust and credibility with customers and partners, as they will rely on your expertise for the entire sales cycle.. Deliver dynamic and exciting product demonstrations, as well as conduct technical discovery meetings to ensure a well crafted solution for each engagement. Expertly deploy and conduct Proof of Concept (POC) as well as production evaluations, live in customer environments You might, periodically, be called upon to assist in professional services deployments, technical training, and industry seminars and/or trade shows You will be able to provide valuable customer insight and real world experiences to Product Management, Marketing and Product Development (Engineering) teams to help keep our solutions the best in the industry. You will become an expert in Saas Protection, as well as other security facets, keeping abreast of threat landscape, with one eye always on what the bad guys are up to. You will be helping solve one of the biggest issues to face IT in the last 20 years. What you bring to the team 10+ years of experience as a sales/systems engineer, delivering complex security solutions into enterprise accounts Strong background in Cybersecurity including advanced threat protection, cloud security, malware protection and/or incident response. In-depth and hands on technical experience and expertise with SaaS Protection / SaaS Security products such as NetSkope, Skyhigh Networks, Elastica, Veracode, Zscaler, Palerra or similar tools. Knowledge of networking topology, TCP/IP protocol, network configuration and components (firewalls, routers, proxies, etc.) Knowledge of advanced malware detection, SIEM, and forensic tools. Strong technical presentation and communication skills, both verbal and written Must be organized, detail and process oriented Must be a self-starter with the ability to work independently or in a team environment Ability to travel up to 50% You enjoy working with people, and helping them solve their problems. Security certifications such as CISSP are strongly preferred. You are educated equivalent to a Bachelor in Computer Science, whether formally or not. Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture!