Consultant, Reporting & Data Analysis \- (180003ZO) As a Consultant on the CWT Business Insights team, you will take a consultative approach to deliver data insights to solve business problems. You will manage all aspects of two Fortune 500 global client’s travel data and reporting programs. This role resides within the global consulting organization, partnering with account teams and the client to optimize travel costs and manage global corporate travel programs. You will increase the client’s analytics maturity level by implementing a managed reporting program, developing and enforcing management information standards, establishing data quality processes and procedures, distributing recurring reporting, providing complex ad hoc analyses, and delivering data insights. At Carlson Wagonlit Travel, we have a unique and compelling culture as a global leader in business travel management that is defined by our people and supported by our Core Values. Our employees feel a genuine respect for one another, act with uncompromising integrity and feel proud of our global market leadership. They value working together, embrace opportunities for continuous learning and have an intense desire to serve customers. Description Solve business problems by delivering complex analytical projects investigating key drivers in areas such as policy compliance, demand management, or supplier management and lead conversations to discuss findings and recommendations. Implement analytic methodologies, models, reports and processes on behalf of client. Responsible for client analytics, recurring and ad hoc reporting and recommendations; consult with and present outcomes of analyses to account teams and clients. Design and develop dashboards that helps lead client to make informed business decisions. Monitor the evolution of operational changes that will directly impact data collected and identify report developments required to maintain integrity. Enforce compliance of data quality by working closely with local operations teams to identify and correct issues. Communicate effectively across a variety of stakeholder groups, including both technical and non-technical audiences. Establish and maintain relationships with client and internal stakeholders across multiple departments and functions. Identify and champion innovation opportunities and areas to change or improve current practices, policies, or services. Key owner in compilation, analysis, and presentation of recurring business reviews between account team and client. Qualifications Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Business/Management, Finance, Information Science, Mathematics/Statistics, Economics, or related field Travel industry experience highly preferred Experience in data modeling, data analysis, data consolidation, and data management Advanced technical skills with experience utilizing report generation and visualization technologies (like IBM Cognos, Tableau, etc.) Experience conducting complex analysis on large sets of data, including the understanding of data flow and integration of various data feeds to make decisions Previous experience in a client facing or consultative role Ability to establish rapport and effectively influence at all levels within an organization Ability to communicate effectively and present complex data to a wide variety of audiences Highly organized, with ability to manage projects and prioritize multiple tasks Demonstrated leadership and initiative: leading self, teams, and the client Sound judgment, advanced problem solving and decision making capabilities Drive to deliver timely resolution to issues through diagnostics, testing, action plans, recommendations, and implementation Experience working in a highly matrixed and global environment with a variety of key stakeholders LI-NK Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Consulting Scope : Global Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : Customer_GPS & ERM Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Aug 10, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class