The M+W Group is the leading global partner for architecture, engineering, construction and project management in the fields of Advanced Technology Facilities, the Life Science industries, Energy & Environmental Technologies, Mission Critical, Electronics and other High-Tech Infrastructures. Our focus is technically complex; from concept development to turnkey services, our company manages projects of all sizes ensuring flexibility, rapid realization and cost-effective completion. We are committed to attracting and retaining the best employees. Our teams bring outstanding expertise to every project, from business and strategic planning to facility maintenance and operations. Our firm is committed to professional excellence at all levels and maintains a culture of caring. As a member of the M+W Team you will be part of an organization committed to an injury free workplace “where everybody goes home safe” every day. Duties & Responsibilities Be a member of a fast paced studio styled team of architects and designers in a multi-discipline environment. Involvement in all phases of highly technical micro-electronic, data center, and industrial projects from programming, schematic design, detailed design, and construction administration. Revit skills are essential. The position requires a high level of commitment to teamwork and willingness to learn and develop quality architectural skills. As a member of our team, travel may be required in support of your project activities, and our key Target Market Segments. Work closely with design and technical Teams including the Project Architect, Design Architect and Project Specialists while supporting or leading the development of design deliverables such as Construction Documents, including drawings and specifications Participation in pre-design project activities, such as: site and building assessments; zoning ordinance and site plan review and approvals; building code review; and other project related research. Computer-aided drafting and design ( _AutoCAD_ ) and Building Information Modeling ( _Revit_ ). Project and product-related research, including Internet, Intranet, library, and site visits Contributions to continuous improvement processes (CIP) of the Company, including assessment of: performance against project budgets and schedules; required responses to RFIs, independent QA/QC audits; and client feedback. Shop drawing reviews and submittals. Preparation of quality Design Deliverables Assistance with preparing reports, studies, and graphics using common software Active participation in Platform level and Discipline level All–Hands Meetings. Active participation in M+W U.S., Inc. LEED and sustainable design activities. Active participation in Discipline based training programs. Regular support of Group Engineering Efficiency tasks Active participation in Discipline Knowledge Center Focus Groups Active participation in the M+W U.S., Inc. _Intern Development Program (M+W IDP)_ Requirements BArch or MArch, NCARB File Intern Architect or recently registered architect demonstrable proficiency with Revit Architecture, LEED® AP or GA desirable. BIM skills are desirable Microsoft Office and Sketch-Up Good communication skills and the ability to produce construction documents with potential for leadership Other requirements To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Contact Details Attractive salaries, supportive environments, and excellent benefits allow for growth and career development with M+W Group. NO OUTSIDE RECRUITERS OR AGENCIES www.mwgroup.net _M+W Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. The M+W Group provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, or genetic information._