Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smart, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play. SUMMARY Hulu’s Viewer Experience (VX, or Customer Support) team is seeking a Associate Viewer Insights Analyst who will be an exceptional addition to our Viewer Insights team. As an Associate Viewer Insights Analyst at Hulu, you will build reporting and produce insights on viewer support needs that drive business action. The right person for this role is a self-starter, intellectually curious and has a strong attention to detail. If you are someone who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment that requires pushing analytics across the customer lifecycle, then this is a great role for you. WHAT YOU’LL DO Maintain and evolve existing dashboards providing insights into contact drivers and support usage. Produce monthly viewer insight, event and incident reports. Analyze trends on contact drivers tying issues to seasonality, events, channel and subscription. Incorporate Hulu wide analytics into support reporting (Subscriber Health Score, Net Promoter Score, Lifetime Value of Viewer). Assist with implementation of new support channels/tactics identifying data needs and ensuring the channel is instrumented to pull insights. Work with stakeholders to ensure self-service reporting is meeting their needs and modify as needed. WHAT TO BRING 2-3 years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst, Reporting Analysts, Business Intelligence Analyst, or similar field Undergraduate degree in math, business or related field Strong analytical skills plus Excel and SQL experience Strong attention to detail Experience building reports, dashboards and presentations that are meaningful to drive business decisions Highly organized and efficient. Proven ability to independently manage multiple projects at a given time Strong communicator with the ability to help evaluate stakeholder requests ensuring needs are met NICE-TO-HAVES Experience with Tableau, Hue, Google Analytics or similar platforms LI-GG1