Overview As a Senior Java Engineer at Cinarra, you will work with your local team lead and coordinate with all the other Cinarra engineering teams in all locations, as needed. You will work with all the members of your team to deliver a high- quality product that can scale to the requirements. You will also be interacting with the Product team to understand the feature requirements and provide follow-up on your deliverables. You will not only be working with members of your local team, but from time to time you will also be required to work outside of the standard office hours to collaborate and coordinate with other members of a globally distributed team. Requirements Strong development background in Java and/or Python on Linux. Experience with any of these is a plus - Go, Scala etc. Good grasp of algorithms, data structures & operating system principles. Good background of high volume/scale transaction processing systems. Experience working with open source databases, libraries, tools and code bases. Understanding of best practices for Big data, data warehousing, consumer analytics, knowledge management and near real time data processing. Experience with tools – Hadoop, HBase, Hive, Kafka, Presto Spark, SQL, etc. Prior experience leading a feature or module is a big plus. Ownership – You take responsibility for the successful delivery of your tasks. Quality – You take pride in everything you deliver as a reflection of yourself. Communications - Ability to communicate clearly and constantly with the product team, your team members, your manager and leads of the other teams verbally as well as over any collaboration tools in-use is a must. Hands-on - You need to be a top-notch individual contributor to thrive at Cinarra. You will work side-by-side with other members of the engineering team. Responsibilities You will be responsible to deliver on the tasks assigned to you in a sprint. You will report to your local engineering lead/manager. You will be discussing requirements with the engineering lead, product management, and other co-workers. You will be contributing to product design and architecture through documentation, review and brainstorming sessions. You will be a technical steward of the team you lead and also an expert on Big Data. Cinarra follows the Agile process – You will be responsible for the individual task breakdown, schedule them across sprints, and put every effort to meet the sprint schedule. You will work closely with his lead in the process. Cinarra follows continuous integration and continuous development method for product delivery – you will be expected to break the feature into smaller backward compatible deployable components and to deploy them in production on a regular deployment schedule as and when they are ready. You will make an impact through the good working relationships you develop with all the other engineers and the technical goals you deliver on. You will be constantly looking for ways to improve the products, features, workflow, and the technology stack. You will provide hands-on guidance and bring new members of your team up to speed and share the knowledge. You will need to closely coordinate with engineering and operations teams in Japan and Russia on regular basis. Perks Good pay with stock options Great medical, dental and vision insurance 3 weeks paid vacation Fully stocked kitchen Awesome office Flexible hours