About the role As the Midwest AI Offering Lead, you will work with Regional and Global leadership as well as with Microsoft and Accenture, to design, develop and sell Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning solutions for our clients. You will identify the business value needed by our clients, and lead the entire lifecycle of AI programs and projects within the Region. You will be the expert in advising our leadership and our clients on the various practical options for a machine learning and AI architectural roadmap and implementation aligning with the Avanade platform engineering, offerings, and integration goals. In addition, you will be expected to provide hands-on leadership in all aspects of achieving the growth of the team including technical leadership to hands-on architecture, solution design, and development. Day to day, you will: Work with sales team to position and pitch AI solutions that target realization of business value for our Clients Assist with qualifying opportunities, undertake exploratory meetings with the sales director and the client to drive to a solution, proposal, and to close the deal Consult clients through requirement gathering and collaboratively defining a solution Train, coach and mentor team AI and its impact on our clients’ business Partner with regional Microsoft and Accenture team to jointly plan and target mutual clients with well-defined AI offerings. Deliver strategic cognitive computing projects from design, prototype to deployment and operation Create practical new business applications based on innovative technologies Lead, mentor, and groom consultants on the team Travel as needed. Qualifications About you You have demonstrated expertise with machine learning, artificial intelligence, stream data processing and IoT, and have the business context to integrate cognitive and advanced analytic levers for solutions. You have a proven track record of experience working with large scale data processing. You are passionate about teaching and mentoring others on modern and effective machine learning and AI techniques. You possess the ability to develop strong working relationships, particularly at the senior management level, and the ability to motivate a globally dispersed team. You excel at communication and enjoy working in a problem-solving environment. Your skillset and experience most likely includes: BS (preferably, MS or PhD) in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Data Engineering, or relevant college degree Experience with Big Data technologies leveraging the cloud AWS and/or Azure Professional work experience in Cognitive Enterprise – Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language processing, Predictive Algorithm Development, Unique Identity Biometrics, Identity Management, Digital Signal Processing, Narrative Science, Video Analytics, Human Machine Interaction Proficiency with R, Python Matlab, Stata, or SAS Experience with knowledge discovery and data mining, unstructured data analyses (text, video, audio, voice, images), behavioral algorithms to create AI manifestations such as personal assistants and bots, recommenders, behavioral controllers, or narrative interactions Expertise in bringing standalone or embedded AI experience into production at scale – human-human, human-machine and/or machine-machine interfces You have around ten years or more of hands-on technical experience estimating and conceptualizing large scale data and AI solutions and in building and implementing an architecture roadmap for next generation human centered applied intelligence solutions. Strong academic credentials with publications in journals and conferences a plus. Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 54443 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.