Sr. Mgr Big Data Architect - MN About Hitachi Consulting As Hitachi, Ltd.'s (NYSE: HIT) global consulting company, with operations in the United States, Europe and Asia, Hitachi Consulting is a recognized leader in delivering proven business and IT strategies and solutions to Global 2000 companies across many industries. With a balanced view of strategy, people, process and technology, we work with companies to understand their unique business needs, and to develop and implement practical business strategies and technology solutions. From business strategy development through application deployment, our consultants are committed to helping clients quickly realize measurable business value and achieve sustainable ROI. Its client base includes 35 percent of the Fortune 100 and 25 percent of the Global 100, along with many mid-market leaders. With offices throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia, Hitachi Consulting employs more than 6,500 professionals across 23 countries with delivery centers in India (Bangalore, Pune and Hyderabad), China (Guangzhou) and the United States (Fargo, North Dakota) to offer global delivery scale. For more information, visit www.hitachiconsulting.com. Responsibilities Perform architecture design, data modeling, and implementation of Big Data platform and analytic applications for Hitachi Consulting’s clients Analyze latest Big Data Analytic technologies and their innovative applications in both business intelligence analysis and new service offerings; bring these insights and best practices to Hitachi Consulting’s Insights and Analytics practice Architect and support the data platform for complex IoT and Data Science solutions Develop highly scalable and extensible Big Data platforms which enable collection, storage, modeling, and analysis of massive data sets including those from IoT and streaming data Drive architecture engagement models and be an ambassador for partnership with IT delivery and external vendors. Effectively communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical business and executive leaders Lead large and varied technical and project teams Assist with scoping, pricing, architecting, and selling large project engagements Technical Experience Cloud platform technologies such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud. Hadoop distributions such as Cloudera, Hortonworks Big Data Analytic frameworks and query tools such as Spark, Storm, Hive, HBase, Impala, Hue Streaming data tools and techniques such as Kafka, AWS Kinesis, Microsoft Streaming Analytics ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) tools such as Pentaho, Talend, Informatica, StreamSets); also experience with ELT Continuous delivery and deployment using Agile Methodologies. Data Warehouse and DataMart design and implementation NoSQL environments such as MongoDB, Cassandra Data modeling of relational and dimensional databases Metadata management, data lineage, data governance, especially as related to Big Data Structured, Unstructured, Semi-Structured Data techniques and processes Qualifications Minimum Requirements Over 10 years of engineering and/or software development experience and demonstrable architecture experience in a large organization. Experience should contain 5+ years of experience of architecture support combined of these environments: warehouse, DataMart, business intelligence, and big data. 5+ years of consulting experience desired 3+ years of hands-on experience in Big Data Components/Frameworks including: Hadoop/HDFS, Spark, Storm, HBase, Pig, Hive, Scala, Kafka, PyScripts, Unix Shell scripts 3+ years of hands-on experience configuring and implementing solutions on cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, or Google Cloud. Experience in architecture and implementation of large and highly complex projects History of working successfully with cross-functional engineering teams 5+ years experience in one of the following business domains: Manufacturing, Cable/Telecom, Finance and Supply Chain Demonstrated ability to communicate highly technical concepts in business terms and articulate business value of adopting Big Data technologies Education Bachelor’s degree in a technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Economics, or similar from a four-year college or university. Master’s degree or higher preferred. Travel Regular and expeditious travel throughout the United States and occasionally overseas is required to meet client needs and timetables Available to be stationed at and work from an out-of-town client site for an extended period of time Other Hitachi Consulting offers excellent benefits and career growth to all employees! Hitachi Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information accommodations@hitachiconsulting.com. Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to.