Position Description : Mathematica is a nationally recognized research organization that conducts social policy studies on health care, disability, education, welfare, nutrition, and related topics. Our mission is to improve public well-being by bringing the highest standards of quality, objectivity, and excellence to bear on the work we do for our clients. We are seeking a Junior Full Stack Developer to join our Application Development and Visualization Group. We are open to candidates with zero to five years of experience. In this role, you will: Build applications and web platforms that can be used to manage, clean, and analyze datasets Create data presentation-layers in the form of static reports and interactive dashboards Manage and ensure the quality of large datasets Work with policy researchers to understand requirements for web-based products Work both independently and on a team Be self-driven to learn, push new ideas, and teach others Gain fluency in a designated specialty such as: Data Visualization Design UI/UX Design QA Testing Deployment/Architecture Security Position Requirements : You have: A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other relevant field or equivalent experience 0-5 years of professional experience as a Software Developer or similar role An understanding of how web applications work Intermediate knowledge of JavaScript (D3 experience preferable) Proficiency in any Server Side language (C, Java, Ruby, Python) Familiarity with Relational Databases A strong desire to improve society through evidence-based research We offer our employees a stimulating, team-oriented work environment, competitive salaries, and a comprehensive benefits package, as well as the advantages of employee ownership. We provide generous paid time off (and an on-site fitness center). Various federal agencies with whom we contract require that staff successfully undergo a background investigation or security clearance as a condition of working on the project. If you are assigned to such a project, you will be required to obtain the requisite security clearance. To apply, please submit cover letter, resume and salary expectations at time of application. Available Locations: Cambridge, MA; Washington, DC; Woodlawn, MD; Ann Arbor, MI We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.