At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've brought new products and technologies to the world - in nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals - that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve. Our IT Business Relationship Manager will be responsible for one of the IT Commercial application portfolios of Abbott’s Cardiac Arrhythmia and Heart Failure (CAHF) business unit. Makes sure the portfolio enhances organizational strategy through successful, consistent and predictable delivery of programs, projects and applications. Achieves this where needed with project staff which partners with the business, has excellent understanding of the business processes, is aware of the evolution of technologies. Proactively identifies areas of opportunity to apply IT for new business opportunities, process improvement, and cost efficiencies. Provides insight to the business unit on how to best develop and leverage IT capabilities for the organization(s). Primary point of contact for overall Operations/Supply Chain needs for the CAHF business unit. Responsible for prioritizing demand. Main Responsibilities Understands and contributes to the business unit (BU) strategy and translates business strategy in an aligned IT strategy and portfolio of programs, projects and applications. Influence and partner with business leaders (Director, Sr. Director level) to manage and align the BU IT portfolio. Facilitates agreement between BU management, on the portfolio of programs, projects, and applications, and ensures that unit long range plan and budgets are aligned. Understand the business of the unit, and ensure that IT solutions meet the needs of the business. Negotiates for and secures resources to meet the long-range needs of the BU. Recommend solutions assuring fit with business unit direction, strategy and priorities. Where needed involve IT business consultants and external technology experts. Consulting toward business process owners and business unit management on IT tools and solutions. Close collaboration with other parts of BU IT, adjacent business departments, and external partners to ensure adequate and timely delivery of agreed services, in line with agreed service levels. Partner and collaborate with key IT staff of other Abbott divisions in order to support cross divisional business initiatives, and explore IT synergies and efficiencies. Manage IT projects across business unit, and division wide when and where applicable. Participate in business projects based on IT expertise. Constant awareness of evolving regulatory requirements to the specific business unit, and influence the IT stakeholders and vendors in addressing these evolutions in the most efficient way. Acts as an escalation resource for BU management when IT related issues arise Works to proactively resolve IT issues, IT resource constraints and prevent chronic IT difficulties where possible. Understand the specific challenges and opportunities linked to the regulatory, legal, and economic situation of the business unit. Responsible for all aspects of people leadership for the Business IT Expert team; setting expectations, coaching, counseling, developing, evaluating, feedback, hiring, discipline and separation. Determine necessary skills set. Confronts and deals with people issues in a constructive and timely manner. Responsible for overall morale of team and promotes cohesive attitude. Establishes staffing/resources plans to determine appropriate mix of sourcing opportunities. Responsible for overall organizational effectiveness. Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional policies and procedures. Operates with goals set by the sector BRM. Has direct impact on capital budget, expenses and major project completion. Make strategic decisions that impact the business unit. Shared decision authority for business unit IT budget and project activities. Manage initiatives that span virtual teams across the world and cross cultures. Champion change and innovation. Stimulates creativity and innovation in others. Open to new ideas. Supports those who initiate change and take risks. Promotes a Global Perspective. Qualifications: Bachelor degree in computer science, business administration, engineering or another discipline relevant for the healthcare industry or equivalent experience. 12+ years of IT experience or business experience in large or midsized multinational health care organization. Pharma/Medical Device commercial, development, and manufacturing business process knowledge, as related to IT. Experience with GxP validation. Broad IT or business expertise in various disciplines. Additional experience in setting IT or business strategy and business IT alignment. Good organizational skills, including program/project management governance. Strong interdisciplinary, intercultural, influence, and networking skills. Experience with vendor management. Qualification in project management. Business unit relevant business process knowledge, as related to IT. Strong influence and negotiating skills. Experience leading teams - both with direct staff and indirect project teams. Ability to travel 10-20%.