Looking for the next step in your career? Want to work at someplace special? Centric Consulting is hiring Business Analysts for our Boston office. Business Analysts are the important link on projects, helping bridge the gap between different teams while also making sure the clients' business problems and needs are understood. This is a mid-career level role for both full-time and contract opportunities. What You'll Do as a Business Analyst You will work with business stakeholders to gather business needs and translate them into operational requirements. You will facilitate planning sessions, creating testing scenarios, developing testing plans and creating user and system documentation. You will create testing scenarios and develop test plans. You will create user and system documentation. What You'll Bring Creating unmatched experiences, for both clients and employees, is what we do. You should revel in doing the unexpected and extraordinary for others. The fun part about consulting is that no two days are the same. You should have a learning mindset, ready to experience new ideas and situations regularly. Consulting experience is strongly preferred. That said, you will also be considered if you have a strong industry background. We like to work in the communities we live in. As such, we are very interested if your industry experience that matches the Boston market. We want someone who likes to solve problems. Clients don’t come to us when the problem is easy. You should enjoy taking on the hard stuff. And because we work with clients, excellent communication skills are important – both written and verbal. Translating technical concepts into layman’s terms is an essential skill. Last, but not least, you will need to be an experienced Business Analyst. We are looking for people with a proven track record of working as a Business Analyst in a consulting environment. Experience working within an agile environment is strongly preferred. Why Centric? Supportive environment – We expect a lot from our Business Analysts. But you won’t be asked to do it alone. You will have the full support of the Boston office leadership and everyone at Centric. We love to help people succeed. Growth opportunities – As a mid-size firm, there is more flexibility when it comes to career paths. Figure out what you want to do, and we’ll figure out how to get you there. Special culture – Hands down, the people are the best part of Centric. But you shouldn’t take our word on it – check us out on Glassdoor, Facebook or Twitter to get a glimpse inside what makes us different. Low travel – It’s time to get off the road. We want you focused on Boston. You can expect less than 20% travel. That said, if you like being a road warrior just let us know. As with all things at Centric, we are flexible. All-company (paid!) vacation trip – Who doesn’t want to go someplace warm in the winter? Prefer to contract? Contractor friendly environment – Contractors are an important part of our Centric family and we treat them as such. You will find that our policies and practices make it easy for you to contract with us. Benefits eligibility – As a W2T temporary employee, you are eligible for Centric’s W2T benefits package which includes medical and dental coverage. We are also open to Corp to Corp arrangements (no benefits in that case, however). Full-time potential – Many of our full-time employees originally started as contractors. If that’s something you are interested in, we can explore those options. That said, if you want to remain a contractor that’s fine too. We are flexible! _Centric believes the best solutions come from diverse teams. We strive to have an environment where everyone has an opportunity to be successful regardless of their race, color, religion, gender, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity._