Do you love it when the tech in your world makes things magical and fun? Are you driven by a passion for making technology simpler and easier to use and understand? Are you an excellent writer who understands how to use everything from a purposefully placed fragment to a well-crafted conversation to in-depth storytelling? We’re looking for a highly creative and tech-savvy writer to join us. In the Experiences & Devices group, we create conversational dialog, consumer content, UX copy, and support experiences for Windows, the Microsoft Store, Edge, apps like Paint 3D and Photos, Support.microsoft.com, and more. This role will focus on developing conversational UI and bots with a focus on voice, tone, and personality. You'll help articulate and evangelize the story of our work, and opportunities to tackle other areas are likely to arise over time. You’ll work with our world-class designers, content creators, and engineering teams. You’ll create new product experiences and your words will help customers learn, solve their problems, and get the most out of their products and devices. Then you’ll use data to understand how to improve experiences and content to help customers have the magical experiences they expect. You’ll have a window into the future and a chance to shape how that future impacts millions of customers around the globe. The ideal candidate is creative and is passionate about words, design, and technology. You thrive in collaborative cultures, yet are disciplined, organized, able to deal with lots of requests, and successful with tight deadlines. You’re excited to innovate and believe in ensuring the highest quality content throughout every experience. You are meticulous with the details, but you think strategically, and can always map what you’re delivering to the big picture. You have a deep understanding of the fundamentals of storytelling, including use of visuals. You’re excited about the new directions of technology. Most of all, you care about people using technology, and making their experiences better. Responsibilities Write and edit friendly, brilliantly clear UI text & conversational agent dialogue Design and write content in-product and for the web that helps customers achieve great things Use multiple sources of customer data to inform content strategy as well as day-to-day optimizations Understand and evangelize our content model, content types, and brand voice Apply machine learning to conversational algorithms Identify opportunities for content additions, improvements, and innovations and effectively pitch those ideas to the team and stakeholders Maintain, distribute, and implement a content plan/editorial calendar across multiple releases Perform functional and editorial quality assurance on content as appropriate Qualifications Requirements At least 1+ year writing experience—any kind! Journalism, tech writing, instructional writing, playwriting/screenwriting, joke writing, social media, narrative design, exhibition/museum design, creative/fiction writing, ad/marketing copy, white papers, product descriptions…. Portfolio review of writing and content samples BA/BS degree Additional qualifications Natural and inquisitive passion for modern technology Experience or training in Design Thinking methodology Experience with deep learning or machine learning Experience distilling, articulating, and evangelizing innovative concepts and vision Experience in customer research Flexible, versatile writing across form factors, subject matter, and audiences Experience with instructional video and visuals Ability to represent content strategy as an integral part of iterative product development Creative collaboration and problem-solving skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. cxjobs