Twitter.com is one largest and most popular websites in the world. Our code operates at massive scale and speed, serving billions of requests per day, connecting hundreds of millions of active Twitter users to real-time information about their lives and the world we live in. Come be a part of our team! The Publisher Incentives team is working on building systems that incentivize premium publishers like the NFL, Bloomberg and NASA to put more content on the platform. We build products to help publishers be more successful on Twitter. We make it easier for publishers to manage their business and make money on Twitter. We also build products to help publishers measure and improve their results. You will be joining a team of highly-skilled, enthusiastic and passionate engineers working in this leading edge space. We’ll both challenge and support you to do the best work of your career. You’ll have the opportunity to have a truly global impact, working on products that touch hundreds of millions of users. Who we are: The team is made up of talented people from all over the world, and from many different backgrounds. We work together in our beautiful Cambridge location to build products that reach every person on the planet. Often we’ll relax together too – perhaps sharing lunch or a coffee, talking about what we’re doing, listening to and learning from one another. You’ll be a part of a close-knit team working in concert with a focused organization comprised of other Engineers, Designers and Product Managers. At Twitter, we believe that good system designs require collaboration so that the end result is simple yet sophisticated. We also promote openness by contributing to open source and sharing our data through Twitter’s API (learn more here - https://dev.twitter.com/ads/overview). Our team sizes are kept small to encourage big contributions from each team member and promote meaningful collaboration. Our technology stack is mainly based on Scala and Java on the backend and JavaScript, CSS, HTML on the frontend. We are mobile, with deep iOS and Android experience. Who You Are: You are an extraordinary engineer with a passion for helping Twitter change the world. You are passionately motivated to ship products used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, every day. You are a Full-Stack Engineer with a solid understanding of backend systems design and technologies, you have experience with the full web technology stack (e.g. HTTP, cookies, headers, asset loading / caching) and a broad knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem. You're someone who excels at user-centric product development and has a passion for making beautiful, smooth, delightful web experiences on desktop and mobile. Requirements: 5+ full-stack development experience - this is a full-stack role with a bias to back-end A strong technical background with experience building backend services with a server-side technology such as Java, Scala, Thrift, or Node.js. A solid understanding of storage and caching systems, interface and api design, and to be able to use and apply them in real world situations with complex constraints Experience using modern web technology like ES6, React, Redux, HTML5, LESS/SASS Experience working closely across a variety of teams including product management, designers, and frontend engineers Technical depth that allows you to rapidly fix bugs A dedicated and enthusiastic approach to solving complex problems Advocacy of the principles of accessibility and the ability to build interfaces accessible to users with disabilities A detailed approach to writing tests and quality assurance Knowledge of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms, profiling/optimization Qualifications: B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience) Bonus Points: Prior experience in video-related technologies Prior experience working for a consumer Internet company We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.