What it is: A Creative Technology team member, responsible for the high-quality delivery of a range of projects, utilizing your skills as an Open stack software engineer. While this role is Node.js/PHP focused, this position will have many opportunities to collaborate with our .NET team to build multi-platform solutions. What you do: Work collaboratively with all team members and groups within the organization. Able to work independently but understands when to involve others and when to ask for senior support. Bring an understanding of fiscal responsibility, both to the agency and our clients. Execute the development of web software with a strong focus on the security, performance, and robustness of the system. Leverage your experience to not only develop, but help guide creative technology solutions Look for ways to enhance/improve the quality of projects delivered to add value to the agency in the eyes of the client. Write both code-level (API) documentation as well as, when needed, project-level (user) documentation. Generate project estimates and LOEs. Play a part in planning releases with the goal of having little-to-zero end-user impact. What you need: 3-7+ years of web development experience PHP 5.6+ js MySQL Object-oriented programming, design, and patterns (SOLID) Strong proficiency with: Relational database concepts and data modeling One or more MVC frameworks (Symfony 2 and or Laravel preferred) HTTP and caching methodologies Good proficiency with: The Linux/nix platform VCS (Bitbucket, Git, Subversion, etc.) Composer JavaScript, both custom written and via the usage of libraries, plugins, and frameworks SOA and N-tier architectures - communications including RESTful services, SOAP, JSON, etc HTML/CSS Experience with any of the following is a plus: Build tools (Phing, Ant, etc) Micro-services architecture Continuous integration/deployment tools (Jenkins, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc) React/Redux Role is based in Dallas, TX. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.