Job Details Description Network Engineer / Administrator position available. This team member is primarily responsible for the administration, operation, and support of the Credit Union ONE IT Infrastructure. The current role includes the planning, design, installation, configuration, maintenance, optimization, and support of servers, network hardware, software, data and voice communications, computer networks, internet services, unified communications, data storage, desktop workstations, laptops, personal devices, and other components of the IT Infrastructure. This position optimizes the performance of the IT infrastructure to ensure efficient, effective, and reliable IT operations in support of established credit union business strategies and objectives. Requirements: Expert knowledge of Cisco / Meraki equipment. Maintain a thorough understanding of the basics behind the Internet and its workings (DNS, Security, HTTP, VPN, Network Security, VLANS, sub netting, etc.). IP routing & protocol expert to have experience configuring and administration of TCP/IP, OSPF, IGRP, EIGRP & BGP within an enterprise environment. Ideal candidate will have at least 4-7 years as a Network Administrator working within a network environment that services multiple locations. Strong knowledge of perimeter security, social engineering, and other aspects of information security practices. Experience in the Cisco product suite is required (IOS & NEXUS). Able to work extended hours and be available as required or necessary to fulfill duties. May also include occasional overnight travel. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability and knowledge to design, change and implement complex network solutions & attention to detail. Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to effectively interact with all levels of the organization – end users, peers, etc. Solid analytical skills to troubleshoot high-level, complex and technical problems. Ability to learn and adapt to new technology. Excellent organizational and time management skills. Ability to multi-task in fast paced demanding environment effectively. Ability to participate in change activities and lead them as required. Self-starter Preferred: Current certifications with Cisco, CompTIA, Microsoft and VMWare. Additional experience with products from such vendors as, Atos, EMC Avamar/Data Domain, Dell PC’s & Blade Servers, Brocade, Dell Force 10 switches. Familiar with Microsoft Office 365, Visio, Project, Windows 2012 & 2016 Server, MSSQL 2012 & 2014, Windows 7 & 10 Enterprise. Microsoft/System Center, Oracle FISERV DNA, Secure Works are also a plus. Experience should provide incumbent with knowledge and understanding of computer/data processing system operations (hardware and software), network design & administration. Education: Bachelor's degree is preferred Minimum 4 years experience required Qualifications Motivations Preferred Self-Starter : Inspired to perform without outside help Ability to Make an Impact : Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization Experience Required 4 years: Microsoft Server, Microsoft Office 365