The Part-Time Application Processing Assistant supports the Office of Enrollment Management in the College of Education by reviewing admission documents, calculating grade point averages of graduate admissions applicants, and performing verification of application data. The Assistant conducts application data audits. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: Bachelor's degree. At least one year of experience working in a professional office setting. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Required Skills & Abilities: Ability to interact with multiple constituencies in a professional, office setting. Must demonstrate high-level of attention to detail, critical thinking, problem solving, and ability to work autonomously and collaboratively. Must prioritize well and focus on completion of tasks and objectives in a fast-paced environment. Must demonstrate proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite and competence with and ability to effectively use computers, related software and databases. Excellent communication and interpersonal relations skills and demonstrated ability to maintain a positive and objective customer service approach. Preferred: Experience working in a college/university setting, preferably in admissions or enrollment management. Experience working with and/or auditing data. Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.