Company Description: For over 70 years, Puffer-Sweiven has set the standard in equipment and services for process control, automation, safety, and reliability. We help process-intensive facilities run more efficiently and safely by delivering quality products, technical support, and knowledgeable staff to implement the needed process solutions — with the goal of exceeding customer expectations. Our dedication brings the most advanced products and services to our customers throughout the Central and Gulf Coast regions of Texas. Specialties: As a Local Business Partner of Emerson, we offer a broad base of superior solutions including the top product lines for a given application. Our specialties at Puffer-Sweiven include: Process Control & Safety Systems Control Valves & Regulators Isolation Valves & Actuation Oil & Gas Automation Reliability Solutions & Services Pressure Management Specialty Pumps & Rotating Equipment Instrumentation Maintenance & Repair Services Job Title: Reliability Solutions Account Manager Overview: Reliability Solutions Account Manager will have business development responsibilities for prospecting new clients, actively quantify solutions in the form of business results, develop and maintain Account Plans for assigned accounts. Relationship development responsibilities include leveraging the technologies and services Puffer and Emerson offers to gain access to decision makers inside the accounts. Key Responsibilities: Selling online and offline monitoring systems that can be IIoT based solutions incorporating wired or wireless, simple A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) or advanced analytics with Machine Learning. Selling project execution services include project management, installation, and configuration of both online and offline systems. Selling Reliability Center Maintenance Consulting Services, route-based data collection for predictive maintenance programs and commissioning services that leverage Asset Management System reduce the commissioning time of control and safety system. Provide regular status reports to Sales and Service Management regarding the progress on account objectives and other metrics established for assigned accounts; including sales forecasting as requested. Requirements: 5 Years indirect technical sales to large accounts in the refining and chemicals industries. Direct knowledge of OT Systems (Control Systems, Safety Systems and PLC’s) Minimum 2 years working in the process industries in the engineering, operations or maintenance departments.