Job Description Be a part of the rapid growth of AWS SageMaker! Since it launch in Nov 2017, AWS ML platform SageMaker has seen unprecedented customer adoption. SageMaker helps engineers and data scientists build, train and deploy ML models at scale. Built-in algorithms (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/algos.html) have fueled this growth and provided customers with state-of-the-art, highly optimized algorithms for a few common ML problems. As an engineer in the AWS-ML platform team, you'll build world-class machine-learning algorithms that make data science faster and simpler on the SageMaker platform. Delivering reliable, scalable, and high-performance algorithms for SageMaker requires engineers with exceptional technical expertise to work closely with exceptional ML, CV and NLP scientists. You will be working with terabytes of text, images, and other types of data to solve real-world problems. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience. You will design, implement, test, document, and support cross-cutting services to help customers do machine learning at scale. You'll assist in gathering and analyzing business and functional requirements, and translate requirements into technical specifications for robust, scalable, supportable solutions that work well within the overall system architecture. You will serve as a key technical resource in the full development cycle, from conception to delivery and maintenance. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis 3+ years professional experience in software development Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Java, Python, C++ Preferred Qualifications Proficiency in, at least, one of C/C++, CUDA, OpenMP, MPI, MKL Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. Deep hands-on technical expertise in: large scale systems engineering; building and operating complex distributed systems Experience with Machine Learning, data mining, and/or statistical analysis tools such as R and MATLAB is a plus Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering