JOB SUMMARY: The GSOC Intelligence Analyst, assigned to a specific client, oversees the daily operations of the Global Security Operations Center. The Analyst will vet potential and/or actual crisis response activations. Essential Functions: The functions listed describe the business purpose of this job. Specific duties or tasks may vary and be documented separately. The employee might not be required to perform all functions listed. Additional duties may be assigned, and functions may be modified, according to business necessity. All assigned duties or tasks are deemed to be part of the essential functions, unless such duties or tasks are unrelated to the functions listed, in which case they are deemed to be other (non-essential) functions. Employees are held accountable for successful job performance. Job performance standards may be documented separately, and may include functions, objectives, duties or tasks not specifically listed herein. In performing functions, duties or tasks, employees are required to know and follow safe work practices, and to be aware of company policies and procedures related to job safety, including safety rules and regulations. Employees are required to notify superiors upon becoming aware of unsafe working conditions. All functions, duties or tasks are to be carried out in an honest, ethical and professional manner, and to be performed in conformance with applicable company policies and procedures. In the event of uncertainty or lack of knowledge of company policies and procedures, employees are required to request clarification or explanations from superiors or authorized company representatives. _The Essential Functions Include:_ Represent Pinkerton’s core values of integrity, vigilance, and excellence. Conduct open source research and verify the impact of global crises. Conduct due diligence on Health-related topics. Proactively monitor and identify threats to the client as required. Gather and manage information and intelligence about domestic and international events using multiple internal and external resources. Organize the daily operations to ensure customer expectations are met and exceeded. Oversee various records of communications and events. Support watch floor operations including; Setting and maintain criteria. Incident assessment. Training, validation and escalation. Communicate requirements for additional software, hardware and/or staffing modifications. Perform quality assurance functions to maintain the projects integrity. Collaborate with the GSOC management and ensure compliance with global expectations. All other duties, as assigned. Minimum Hiring Standards: Additional qualifications may be specified and receive preference, depending upon the nature of the position. Must have a High School Diploma or GED. Must be willing to participate in the Company’s pre-employment screening process including drug testing and background investigation. Must be at least 18 years of age. Must have a reliable means of communication (i.e., email, cell phone). Must have a reliable means of transportation (public or private). Must have the legal right to work in the United States. Must have the ability to speak, read, and write English. Education/Experience : Bachelor’s degree and one or more years of applicable experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to perform the essential functions of the job, as determined by the company. Subject matter expertise in at least one of the following events; fire, security, meteorological, geological, or structural. Competencies (As Demonstrated Through Experience, Training, and/or Testing ): Strong analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Strong organization and planning skills. Able to work with highly confidential information. Must be able to speak clearly, give direction, and provide guidance to employees and security staff during emergencies. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Serve as a positive and effective team leader. Able to interact effectively at all levels of an organization and across diverse cultures. Strong customer service and results orientation. Able to work in a fast paced environment under multiple deadlines and competing priorities. Computer skills; Microsoft Office. Working Conditions (Physical/Mental Demands): With or without reasonable accommodation, requires the physical and mental capacity to perform effectively all essential functions. In addition to other demands, the demands of the job include: Must undergo and meet company standards for background and reference checks, drug testing, and behavioral selection survey. Maintain composure in dealing with authorities, executives, clients, staff, and the public occasionally under conditions of urgency and in pressure situations. Exposure to sensitive and confidential information. Regular computer usage. Ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently. Must be able to see, hear, speak, and write clearly in order to communicate with employees and/or customers. Manual dexterity required for occasional reaching and lifting of small objects and operating office equipment. Close and distance vision and ability to adjust focus. Evenings and weekends, as required, to ensure the successful completion of work assignments. Travel, as required. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabilities