_PLEASE NOTE:_ _This recruitment is open until filled._ This is a part-time, ongoing internship established to provide practical work experience to the incumbent whose interest and intention is to work in the Information Technology field. We are looking for the right candidate who can provide prompt and courteous front line customer service and telephone support to end users; identify and resolve critical problems under the guidance of Information Technology (IT) staff; and determine the most appropriate methods and procedures to complete service requests for end users. JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: Answer and record the IT Service Desk requests (i.e. phones calls, emails, walk-ins). Respond to client request for service on problematic systems and/or equipment Troubleshoot problems in conjunction with other staff to develop solutions; make minor repairs to equipment and arrange for other servicing needs. Follow, develop and document procedures for systems installations and support. Install hardware, operating systems and application software. Unpack, inventory, and configure workstations, printers, scanners and other technology edge devices. Order computing system consumables as directed. Serve as the liaison between users and hardware vendors on warranty issues. Assist other IT staff members on special projects as assigned. Stay current on the diversity of hardware and software for work stations, printers, scanners, laptops, and pen based computing technology. Operate, adjust, modify and install a wide variety of computers, peripherals, software and communications equipment to facilitate repair, upgrade and installation of equipment. Perform related duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Knowledge of: Basic properties of computer hardware such as cables, cabinetry and plug-in boards. Multi-system communication networks. Computer hardware and software repair, installation and maintenance. Operation of complex and technical computer equipment and peripherals. Technical aspects of field of specialty. Ability to: Be a strong team player who is highly motivated, flexible and a creative problem solver with a strong customer focus. Learn and follow City organization, operations, policies and objectives. Provide technical expertise and assistance to end-users. Remain current with relevant technological advancements as it relates to field. Operate, troubleshoot, adjust and repair computer equipment and peripherals. Write clear and concise user documentation. Evaluate computer hardware and software and make appropriate recommendations for repair or replacement of equipment. Communicate effectively both orally and in writing. Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with others. Analyze situations accurately and adopt an effective course of action. Plan and organize work. Meet schedules and time lines. Maintain regular, reliable, and punctual attendance. EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Must be currently enrolled in an Information Technology related program of study at an accredited institution. Successfully pass a background check and fingerprint based background check. WORK ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The following represent the physical demands that must be met to successfully perform the essential functions of this job: 100% of work is performed in a typical office environment and involves moving throughout the facility. Requires ability to lift and move computer equipment weighing up to 40 pounds. Constantly operate a computer and other office equipment. Frequent communication with City employees and customers. Must be available Monday-Friday during the hours of 7:00 am to 6:00 pm. May be required to work flexible evening and/or weekend hours as needed. Approved reasonable accommodation requests will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Selection Procedure: Please note, the City of Renton will be screening applications without using personal identifiers, such as name and address will not be visible. For that reason, you will not have the ability to attach any documents to your application, including a cover letter or resume. Please make sure to submit a complete, detailed, and updated job application including answering the Supplemental Questionnaire in detail. Communication from the City of Renton: We primarily communicate via e-mail during the application process. E-mails from rentonwa.gov and/or governmentjobs.com should be placed on your safe domain list to ensure you receive notifications in a timely manner. As a precaution, you may also want to check your junk e-mail folders.