Why Choose HNTB? For more than a century, HNTB has helped deliver infrastructure solutions that best meet the unique needs of our clients. With client relationships spanning decades, we understand infrastructure life cycles and have the perspective to solve technical challenges with clarity and imagination. We are far more than a design firm. We see and help address far-reaching issues of financing, legislation, design, construction, community outreach and ongoing operations. As employee-owners committed to the highest levels of performance, we enable clients to achieve their goals and inspiring visions. At HNTB, we’re encouraged to go beyond discovering mere solutions that will impact our very landscape. We are encouraged to ask, “What if?” Our HNTB family fosters an inventive and resourceful commitment to finding unique answers to complex problems. We believe that the act of wondering sparks creativity. We will work to foster your creativity, career and personal growth. Come join HNTB and unleash your spark of imagination. For you, “together” can mean the chance to put together an exciting career. At HNTB “together” also means collaborating across geographies and disciplines within the firm. And “together” means that we are partners with our clients. Our goals are linked, and their success is our success. “Together” means that we are engaged in the communities we serve — we live there — and are committed to their growth and development. Overview The time is right to join HNTB Corporation! HNTB is seeking an Associate Architect I - Unlicensed to join our Los Angeles, CA office. Job Summary Entry level professional graduate architect working under supervision in the production and completion of design and construction documents through the gathering of information, organization of data and application to documents. Essential Responsibilities Plans and conducts tasks requiring independent judgment in the analysis of design, planning and occupancy studies and design layouts. Performs a variety of assignments requiring the application of standard architectural techniques for project assignments. Assists in the preparation of project specifications compiling and analyzing relevant data. Confers with other architects and engineers for the purpose of explaining and interpreting architectural standards, codes or regulations. Prepares progress reports and keeps others informed. Actively participates in quality implementation plans, including scheduling QC reviews and compiling comments into project documents. Performs other duties as assigned. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Architecture Preferred Qualifications/Skills Revit skills strongly preferred General Work Conditions Office Environment: Work is generally performed in an office environment in which there is only minimal exposure to potentially unpleasant working conditions. Incumbent must have the ability to stand and sit frequently, and reach horizontally as well as vertically for overhead use. EEO Statement HNTB Corporation is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran. The HNTB Companies are an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, marital status, genetic information, citizenship status, or other status protected by law. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States (if the position is or will be one which is subject to U.S. law). We will provide reasonable accommodation for qualified individual with a disability where appropriate. “EEO is the Law” Poster “EEO is the Law” Poster Supplement