Will work on business functions on high visibility projects creating the next generation of business intelligence globally in Boston, MA. Will create and deliver value through business intelligence and analytics projects that enable the organization to increase productivity, realize efficiencies, and build profitable customer experiences. Will lead projects through delivering reporting solutions using SAP Business Objects, HANA, and other technologies, including complex reports and dashboards. Will enhance team performance by promoting collaboration and innovation. Will design and lead requirement sessions to gather business requirements and facilitate thorough evaluation, in order to consider possible solutions before presenting the final list for scope review and/or senior leadership approval. Will translate business functionality and opportunities into clear, precise, and easy-to-read functional specifications. Will oversee the identification, design, development, and testing of information and analytical solutions to ensure successful deployment. Will lead the design, creation, and maintenance of SAP Business Intelligence solutions such as reports, dashboards, and universes used for reporting globally. Will manage development teams to facilitate development, testing, and training in line with project deliverables and timelines. Will manage business expectations and project delivery to ensure internal customer satisfaction. Will actively lead teams of BSAs through full life cycle business intelligence projects. Will oversee data warehouse developers, report writers, and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. Will liaise effectively among the business units, technology teams, and support teams, including offshore resources. Will engage in international and domestic travel 10 percent or less. Will supervise five to seven employees. Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, or engineering. Experience: Five years of overall progressive experience in business intelligence and business analytics. Skills/Requirements: 2 years experience with (1) SAP Hana Data Modeling, (2) SAP Business Objects, (3) SAP ECC, including SD and MM, (4) project management, including resource planning and work planning, (5) SQL as a language, (6) data warehousing, (7) Tableau, (8) test management, including preparing test plans, executing them, and engaging in defect management, and (9) business requirements gathering.