As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) is an independent research center at the University of Washington. Its mission is to monitor global health conditions and health systems, as well as to evaluate interventions, initiatives, and reforms. IHME carries out a range of projects within different research areas including the Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors; Future Health Scenarios; Costs and Cost Effectiveness; Geospatial Analysis; Resource Tracking; and Impact Evaluations. The aim is to provide policymakers, donors, and researchers with the highest- quality quantitative evidence base to make decisions that achieve better health. IHME has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Extraction Analyst. We review and interview applicants on a rolling cycle. Placement onto a team is determined by specific needs of the team and candidates' qualifications. The main purpose of this position is to provide highly specialized oversight and guidance of routine but complex extraction processes for input data used in modeling, papers and presentations at IHME. The Data Extraction Analyst will provide support to key research projects through data extraction and formatting, and providing inputs for papers and presentations. The Data Extraction Analyst is expected to become specialized in data pertaining to relevant content areas and will consult with staff as needed. To create the array of indicators required, this position provides guidance on the extraction of all available relevant quantitative data from surveys, censuses, literature, and administrative records into central databases. This position will collate, clean, and extract data from survey, literature, vital registration, and other sources that have been identified. By doing so s/he will catalog a library of data that will add to the foundation of the institute. Relevant data include those on mortality, causes of death, epidemiology, and a range of determinants and risk factors, such as education, income, or air pollution. The position must have a strong command of a variety of research needs and analytic functions. The Data Extraction Analyst must be able to anticipate the needs of research teams, as well as other functional teams including the Global Engagement Team, Technology Team, and Research Management as it pertains to the work of data extraction. This position will work with dynamic teams of researchers and staff at all levels and will work alongside other research staff on complementary projects requiring a foundational knowledge of IHME’s work, as well as core technical skills and collective problem-solving. Overall, the Data Extraction Analyst will be a critical member of an agile, dynamic team. This position is contingent on funding availability. Responsibilities include: Research learning Become familiar with substantive areas of expertise to understand the dimensions and uses of health data and the analytic underpinnings of different research streams. Work directly with researchers to trace back the source of data used in models and results, understand the context of the data, and ensure that they are relevant to the analyses themselves. Work directly with researchers to explain and modify databases and routine analytic processes to best serve the needs of evolving projects. Data intake management, analytic processes, and quality assessment Extract, format, and transform data from multiple sources according to set protocols in consultation with researchers to best meet their needs. Sources include literature, surveys, censuses, administrative records, vital registration systems, and disease registries, among others. Develop and use protocols to identify problems with datasets and routine extraction processes, rectify issues, and systematize processes for future work. Maintain, update, and interact with databases containing health data from multiple sources. Perform quality assurance and routine diagnostics on data and databases. Assess and contribute to decision making about the definitions of fields for extraction and the organization and storage of input data. Innovate and streamline ways to bring together data, analytic engines, and data visualizations in one seamless computational process. Solve problems that allow for valuable comparisons between highly different quantitative data sets. Archive, catalog, and annotate datasets according to Institute standards to build a common library of materials for use by a wide set of researchers. Document extraction processes in order to ensure consistency in extraction across research teams. Explore methods for improving extraction processes and implement them when possible in order to save time or simplify the extraction process and/or improve the quality of extractions. Publications, presentations, and data requests Create text, tables, figures, and charts for presentations and publications. Provide referencing and other support for publications and presentations. Execute queries on databases to respond to the needs of senior researchers and external requests from collaborators, media, policymakers, donors, and other stakeholders. General Communicate clearly and effectively while contributing as a member of both the Institute. Work closely with other team members to assist with relevant tasks, facilitate learning new skills, and to help resolve emerging problems on different projects. Attend relevant meetings, adhere to deadlines, and participate as a vital member to collectively advance team-level objectives. Serve as a resource to others in explaining approaches to data management and extraction. Participate in overall community of the Institute, carrying out duties as may be required for team members. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree in sciences, global health, public health or related field plus two years’ related experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Additional Requirements: Must have demonstrated competence with analytic tasks and ability to participate productively in interdisciplinary research teams. Strong quantitative aptitude, desire to learn new skills, and ability to interpret complex analytic information. Strong sense of focus and attention to detail. Demonstrated familiarity and ability to agilely assess, transform, and work with quantitative data from a range of sources. Ability to learn new information quickly and to apply analytic skills to better understand complex information in a systematic way. Interest in global health research. Demonstrated organizational skills, self-motivation, flexibility, and the ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced, energetic, highly creative, entrepreneurial environment. Strong communication skills necessary to discuss complex databases and computation tasks. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED Experience analyzing and/or manipulating spatial data Experience of working with databases Experience in mapping methodologies and Geographical Information Systems Coding experience, including but not limited to, use of R, Python or Stata CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Weekend and evening work sometimes required.