Job Requirements Internal Security Reviews Regular travel (@ ~30-35% annually) to support the Information Security Review program Leverage industry and technical expertise to assist management to address more effectively risks associated with their business. Identify key risks and controls, controls optimization, including the configuration of controls around security, and business processes across a wide-range of business environments. Ensure timely completion of tasks per project phase. Apply understanding of the Milliman Information Security Policy to local business environment. Prepare audit reports on findings and recommendations to senior management. Identify opportunities for companies to effectively mitigate risk and improve business performance. Identify and escalate project risks to management. Support Security Contract Terms & Tracking Review legal agreements to ensure consistency across organization Track contracts to ensure internal service level agreements are met Task shall include collaboration with internal Legal and Information Security Teams. Qualifications 4-6 years of experience in a range of roles including: information technology, information security, or IT audit roles Appropriate education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Cyber Security CISSP, CISA, CRISC or equivalent certification desired. Information security experience with ISO 27001/2, NIST 800-53, and other industry regulatory controls (HIPAA). Cloud security control experience a plus. Ability to interpret information security data and processes to identify potential compliance issues. Strong technical knowledge of information systems and their security areas such as networking, operating systems and identity access management. Experience with secure software development lifecycle a plus Ability to clearly and effectively communicate Information Security matters to executives, auditors and end users. Ability to work within a globally distributed organization and understanding of international information security regulations Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent project management skills including the ability to prepare prioritize and complete work plans. Decision-making and problem solving skills including the ability to clearly define and resolve issues. Ability to operate independently Ability to work effectively and organize priorities independently. Willingness to travel. Familiarity with contracts Experience with insurance, finance or professional services industry. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.