Do you love coming up with innovative solutions to complex problems? Would you like to work for a company that encourages, welcomes and rewards your creative ideas and expertise? Does the idea of working with a fun, passionate and hard- working team excite you? If so, Ameriflex could be the place for you. At Ameriflex, it's our values that set us apart and shape every aspect of our business. While these values shape us, it's our employees who truly make Ameriflex a fantastic place to work and grow. We realize the company as a whole can only go so far as our hard work will take us, and our employees are the foundation upon which it's all built. Ameriflex is the ideal workplace for anyone who wants a fulfilling career where their unique skill set, hard work and new ideas are recognized, rewarded and make a meaningful difference for our clients and co-workers. POSITION SUMMARY: The Business Development Analyst will be a creative thinker and highly motivated self-starter. He/she must also be comfortable on the phone. As a Business Development Analyst, you are on the front lines, introducing the Ameriflex business model to prospective clients and playing a fundamental role in achieving our ambitious client acquisition and revenue growth objectives. PRINCIPAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: In this role, YOU will: Consistently prospect and cold call qualified contacts Schedule meetings for your Regional Sales Manager Generate RFPs as needed Meet and exceed daily goals and objectives Maintain and report daily accountability standards Serve as a brand enthusiast for Ameriflex Other duties as assigned In this role, WE will: Offer an aggressive incentive structure Provide training Deliver ongoing 1:1 coaching and feedback KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: Associates Degree or Bachelor’s Degree preferred Possess listening, analytical, and strong closing skills Positive and professional attitude Able to articulate the value of professional services to qualified contacts; solutions-oriented Documented B2B sales expertise Have a track record of outstanding performance in a high volume work environment (sales, collections, mortgage, telemarketing etc.) Must be comfortable being on the phone most of the day with proven success making outbound phone calls Able to prospect companies utilizing internet search tools Advanced negotiation and problem solving abilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills Manage time and prioritize tasks effectively Must be proficient with Microsoft Office products Must have ability to work in a fast-paced environment REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: B2B Sales: 1 to 2 years’ experience preferred Cold Calling: 1 to 2 years’ experience preferred Business Development: 1 to 2 years’ experience preferred PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: Work in an office environment; sustain posture in a seated position for prolonged periods of time; use hands to grasp and reach; occasionally stoop or kneel; see, hear, and speak with sufficient acuity to successfully perform all aspects of the job; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; lift up to ten pounds of weight.