Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Sourcing is a core strategic driver of Facebook’s success. We have a world- class team working together to help drive our ambitions and scale to the next level. We conceive practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a great deal of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach. We’re passionate about delivering an awesome candidate experience, and that starts with the first conversation a candidate has with us. Oculus, Building 8, Camera, and Social VR are some of the organizations that make up what we at Facebook call FB+. It is the goal of these teams to create and ship new, category-defining consumer hardware and software products that are immersive, social, and define our consumer’s daily experiences. We want to enable people to experience anything, anywhere. As a team of world-class experts, we drive innovation in the areas of augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence, connectivity, and more. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for building and cultivating talent pipelines for our hiring needs and will be instrumental in our ability to scale our business and reach our mission of enabling people to experience anything, anywhere. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with Recruiters and hiring managers to deeply understand technical requirements of the role, the function and how it fits into the organization Work with Coordinators and Recruiters to manage an efficient model of operation Strategize different ways to build talent pipelines and execute on tactical research, referral generation, events and sourcing campaigns Find, engage and activate passive candidates through the use of Boolean, LinkedIn and alternative search techniques Screen resumes and interview candidates to determine basic qualifications Regularly track pipeline activity to share with internal stakeholders Recommend and drive improvements that impact local pipeline areas Build and share with the team knowledge of tech skills, target companies, conferences, open source communities MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years technical sourcing experience with a search firm or in-house recruiting team Experience working with and building sourcing strategies with recruiters and hiring managers Experience screening resumes to match qualifications Experience engaging and activating passive candidates