Who You Are: You are a talented and results driven Product Manager, with strong experience working in fast paced e-commerce environments, who is eager to support business growth by supporting internal data strategy, enabling the business to more quickly access actionable insights. While you are excited about data you are even more excited about the business opportunities that can be leveraged from easy access to quality data. You create simplicity out of complexity. You collaborate, always. You measure progress in terms of days and weeks. Most importantly, you are looking for an opportunity to make a measurable difference for the business. Your Next Challenge: We’re looking for an experienced Product Manager to partner closely with analytics and technology stakeholders to take our internal data & analytics platform strategy to the next level by improving the speed, accuracy, and quality of insights. Work with enterprise reporting & analytics, technology, and organizational leadership to identify and define key business problems related to our current data and analytics platform, and to drive alignment against goals and key performance metrics that will illustrate our success in solving them. Develop and own a data and analytics platform product strategy and roadmap, with a clear ranking of priorities to align the organization and for technology teams to effectively plan and deliver against. Create and lead cross functional teams that deliver against key priorities, in a way that supports both analytics platform and team maturity, and that maximizes the company’s overarching strategies and approach. What You’ll Need: 5+ years of web or digital product management experience driving internal data and analytics platform strategies and executing across multiple technology teams. Strong analytics background, including experience working with financial data, customer segmentation, behavior, targeting, and traffic analysis. Experience with organizational initiatives and processes centered on improving data quality, including management of or partipcation in data governance frameworks. Experience building or evolving analytics platforms that support large data sets, multivariate testing, predictive modeling, and data visualization, across multiple database environments, leveraging Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc. Outstanding strategic aptitude, with a high level of maturity and confidence in working with senior management and executives across the organization. Experience developing a visible prioritization framework that enables clear and consistent decision making. Strong bias for action; ability to juggle multiple priorities and create a sense of urgency in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Proven ability to lead cross-functional teams through influence versus direct management; excellent interpersonal skills. Experience building technology solutions using lean agile methodologies. Bachelor’s degree required, MBA preferred. LI-AC1 Who We Are: Getty Images is the most trusted and esteemed source of visual content in the world, with over 200 million assets available through its industry-leading sites www.gettyimages.com and www.istock.com. The Getty Images website serves creative, business and media customers in almost 200 countries and is the first place people turn to discover, purchase and share powerful content from the world's best photographers and videographers. Getty Images works with over 200,000 contributors and hundreds of image partners to provide comprehensive coverage of more than 130,000 news, sport and entertainment events, impactful creative imagery to communicate any commercial concept and the world's deepest digital archive of historic photography. Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of still and moving imagery in communication and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life. For company news and announcements, visit our Press Room, and for the stories and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends. Find Getty Images on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Tumblr, or download the Getty Images app where you can explore, save and share the world's best imagery. Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer and strongly supports diversity in the workplace.