Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job Description Workday is looking for a Full-stack Drupal 8 developer to join our Workday Community team. The Workday Community is a Web 2.0 collaborative community for the Workday ecosystem of customers and partners. As a developer, you must be capable of working independently and collaboratively with other team members to deliver innovative solutions for Workday community; understanding the business needs and architecting an appropriate solution. As a member of the community development team you will be responsible to: Create and maintain custom Drupal 8 modules Drive technical discussions for solutions to business needs Integrate 3rd party Drupal community modules and libraries Refactor current code base for better quality and maintainability Debug production issues/bugs and fix them appropriately Required Skills 2+ years Drupal 8 Development Experience 2+ years of Object-oriented programming (OO) development (PHP preferred) 2+ years working with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript (jQuery, Angular, Ember, etc) 3+ years working with Web Development Experience with databases with ability to work with RDBMS like Oracle, MySQL and ability to write SQL. Demonstrated experience in improving application performance by optimizing the Search, ETL, Data ingestion, and other processes Experienced developing scalable faceted search and real-time analytics using Lucene/SOLR on amazon compute instances. Bonus Skills Experience working with Apache SOLR/Lucene Understanding of Enterprise Search architectures Solarium PHP Experience Git and or equivalent code management / version control best practices RESTful web services design and development Understanding server and client-side security requirements Agile development Working Jira or other bug tracking systems LI-TA