Are you a person who thrives in a dynamic organization? NVIDIA is the world leader in multiple areas of Accelerated Computing and is supercharging computing for the most demanding users. We are well positioned as the ‘AI Computing Company’, and our software stack use GPUs as well as power all modern Deep Learning software frameworks, Machine Learning, Accelerated Analytics, big data and workflows across a wide range of verticals, hosted in every major cloud provider and by every computer OEM. We are looking for a Manager of Developer Relations passionate about growing our presence in Financial Services. What you’ll be doing: Develop a technical and business strategy to win GPU adoption within leading ISV’s and Enterprise Software solutions/workflows. Build and influence executive relationships to evangelize and develop our leadership position You will lead participation in targeted customer developer events and activities Lead technical and engineering activities spanning product divisions and sales geographies, particularly with solution architects, devtech and engineering resources Assess potential projects, engage technical SME’s and drive project breakthroughs. Provide feedback of features requests into actionable engineering and product steering. Understand application workflow and architectural requirements to enable GPU based servers. Integrate NVIDIA platform solutions into FSI Applications as well as Business Workflows Be alert to the competitive landscape and communicate internally What we need to see: Ability to engage the product and engineering organizations with at least 10+ years related experience. At least 5+ years in developer relations or technical business development Demonstrate detailed industry knowledge of Financial Services/Markets underlying technology in multiple disciplines – Capital Markets, Banking, Insurance, Trading, Blockchain, Compliance, Digitization, Rob-Advisory Experience with Accelerated Computing utilizing NVIDIA Software and Hardware within Financial Services and/or ISV’s An established ability to influence and evangelize at operational and executive levels (esp engineering/ product management) to achieve a technical partnership Show that you are able to communicate clearly and concisely to accelerate strategic decisions Ability to articulate & demonstrate GPU value proposition to an organizations journey in Machine/Deep Learning to both companies sales and marketing organizations Bachelor's Degree in business, science or other related discipline or equivalent experience. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Multi year experience with a leading Enterprise Software or Professional Services company focusing on disciplines and methodologies in high performance computing, machine learning, analytics. Proven working knowledge of with machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence. Strong analytical, problem solving, and negotiation skills, using data analysis to support strategic decisions Excellent social, interpersonal, planning, and prioritization skills You should demonstrate strong communication (both verbal and written) and evidence of your ability to represent NVIDIA externally Comfortable working across all major internal functional areas (engineering, sales, marketing, executives), as well as external partners, customers, and content developers. You are a self-starter with mindset for growth and real passion for continuous learning. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and like an environment to make things happen, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning