At Front, we’re redefining work communications and collaboration with our shared inbox for teams. Front brings all of your communication channels (email, Facebook, Twitter, Twilio SMS, live chat etc.) into one place, so you can triage and assign messages, have internal conversations around them, and even sync work across other apps you use from Salesforce to GitHub, without ever leaving your inbox. Today, over 3,500 companies rely on Front to power their communications, and we’re just getting started. We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join the Analytics team. You will work on a variety of topics across the entire organization, partnering with product, marketing, customer growth and customer success. You will help each team make the best data-driven decisions to support their objectives. If you love technology in general and software in particular, if you’re highly analytical yet want your work to have a direct impact on a company’s trajectory, if you’re interested in seeing a fast-growing startup expand and scale, this job is for you! Responsibilities Partner with each team to design and implement their success metrics; build dashboards and periodic reports to monitor these metrics; identify and understand root causes of changes in the metrics. Dive deep into large datasets to study specific topics, then communicate your learnings and recommendations efficiently. Design experiments, monitor their implementation, interpret the results and recommend a course of action. Encourage other teams to self-serve when your interpretation of the data is not required, either through training or automation of tasks. Requirements 2+ years experience in a highly analytical role. Degree in a quantitative field (Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering, etc.). Ability to write SQL queries, use at least one scripting language, and build simple visualizations using the tools of your choice. Strong written and verbal communication skills to convey the results of your analyses effectively. Bonus Experience with statistical packages (Pandas, R, SPSS, Stata, etc.). Experience with software companies.