Basic Function Under the direct supervision of the Train Master will operate steam and/or diesel train locomotives and passenger cars for Excursion Railroad in the capacity of conductor, and fireman and engineer, in a safe and efficient manner. Make daily inspections of equipment in use. Complete required GRVV FRA log reports and forms in a timely manner. Assist in needed repairs and scheduled maintenance of all equipment. Assist Train Master in Roundhouse operations, and maintenance of tools, parts, and supplies. Provide a clean, safe and pleasant experience for employees and passengers and promote the Grapevine Vintage Railroad as a premier Excursion Railroad. Assist in other activities or assignments as required. Nature & Scope 1\. Operate on the Grapevine Vintage Railroad in an engineer, and fireman, and conductor capacity. 2\. Work with other engine crew members to insure on time departures and arrivals. 3\. Perform preventive maintenance inspections on locomotives and passenger coaches and related equipment. 4\. Diagnose malfunctions, service and repair locomotive and train systems, including but not limited to brakes, electrical, cooling, fuel, exhaust, power train, suspension, and HVAC systems. 5\. Complete all associated reporting, record keeping and required Federal Railroad Administration forms in a timely, accurate, and organized manner. 6\. Maintain FRA required qualifications and certification requirements as "service covered employee" as expressed in GRVV Engineer and Steam programs. 7\. Successfully take and pass, with a score of not less than 85, the GCOR rules test after every 36 months of service. 8\. Assist in Roundhouse operations to include, but not limited to, the proper use, storage, ordering, and maintenance of tools, supplies, and equipment. 9\. May oversee check rides and hands-on training for new and volunteer staff. 10\. Participate in charters, special events and other duties as assigned. 11\. Assist in volunteer programs to promote the Grapevine Vintage Railroad. Required Skills Requires high school diploma or GED; successfully pass the GCOR rules test, with a score of not less than 85, and be currently certified as a locomotive Engineer. Must be proficient in current Federal Railroad Administration Code of Federal Regulations, Standard Book of Rules (GCOR), state, and local laws and regulations. Must have knowledge of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations applicable to locomotive and equipment standards; knowledge of the safety standards for passenger trains and related equipment; knowledge of federal railroad inspection standards; knowledge of the methods and procedures used in servicing and repairing steam, gasoline and diesel equipment; knowledge of vehicle and equipment mechanics, including internal combustion engines and hydraulic and electrical systems. Ability to identify abnormal reading or trends in data collected from gauges, meters, dials, instruments, etc. according to established formats; ability to follow oral and written directions; ability to diagnose defective operations and excessive wear on mechanical equipment parts and components; ability to diagnose and repair railroad equipment; ability to determine functional interrelationship of parts within a mechanical system; ability to interpret technical reference manuals. Skill in operating a variety of equipment used in railroads maintenance and repair functions and operations including but not limited to forklifts, steam and diesel locomotives, passenger coaches, railroad switches, turn tables, two-way radio and a variety of hand and power tools. Must posses the ability to interact and entertain passengers. Must be willing to work flexible hours, weekends, and holidays Must be proficient in office procedures. Skill in operations of computers and communicating verbally and in writing. Must have a valid driver's license with an acceptable driving record as defined by city policy and obtain a Texas driver's license within 30 days of employment. Must pass criminal background check, state driver's license check, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration driver's license check, Department of Transportation Railroad (FRA) physical, and pre-employment drug testing. Will be subject to periodic random drug and alcohol testing.