Technology Sales Representative IV - 18000ZBN Preferred Qualifications This position is responsible for new account penetration and existing account expansion within an established Enterprise Healthcare geographic territory. A Cloud Platform Sales Rep works to identify, qualify, and deliver Oracle’s end-to-end cloud products and solutions across the IaaS and PaaS pillars via private or public cloud. Responsible for the account plan to drive goal attainment in assigned territory. Coordinates with the other members of the sales team (employees and partners) to support account sales and business development strategies. Helps identify and engage the appropriate partner to meet customer specifications. Becomes trusted advisor to key customer influencers and decision makers. Drives company's strategy into assigned accounts. Follows all company’s methodologies and processes related to sales opportunity pursuit. Ensures that the company's sales programs are known and executed in assigned territory, including personal follow-up and engagement in selected opportunities. Achieves or exceeds the quarterly and annual sales goals for both cloud solutions and their respective on-prem solutions. May travel frequently. Sales Portfolio: Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) - A comprehensive set of integrated, subscription-based infrastructure services that enable businesses to run any workload in an enterprise-grade cloud managed, hosted, and supported by Oracle. Platform as a Service (PaaS) - Oracle Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) helps enterprise IT and independent software vendor (ISV) developers rapidly build and deploy rich applications - or extend Oracle Cloud SaaS apps - using an enterprise-grade cloud platform based on Oracle’s database and application server. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. 8 years relevant work experience. BS/BA preferred Detailed Description and Job Requirements Sells a subset of product or services directly or via partners to a large number of named accounts/non-named accounts/geographical territory (mainly Tier 3 accounts). Primary job duty is to sell technology software products and related services in a defined territory. Identifies, qualifies and closes new opportunities. Manages accounts including the entire sales process from business development prospecting and specifications through contract negotiations, signing, and post-sales support. Leverages the Oracle sales model to maximize revenue growth and increase local market share. Builds and expands business partner revenue and self sufficiency. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. 8 years applicable experience including 7 years of technology sales experience. Ability to forecast, manage sales expenses, and successfully close new Oracle business. Business development, prospecting and presentation skills. Excellent communication skills and problem solving ability. Proven track record of exceeding sales objective and territory/account development. Experience as the focal point for clients for all sales and related issues. Oracle knowledge and/or knowledge of Oracles competitors. Travel may be needed. Bachelor degree or equivalent. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.