In Arm’s IoT Strategy Group, we identify new business opportunities for advanced connected devices and develop them into phenomenal new products. One such opportunity involves automating trust relationships throughout the life of a device – from silicon through design, manufacturing, deployment, and management. We are looking for an authority on IoT device identity, access management, and trust to guide Arm’s business and technology strategy towards new products and services that improve the trustworthiness of IoT data while accelerating supply chain velocity. This requires building effective relationships with Arm customers and partners, aligning multiple Arm product teams around a common set of use-cases, and converging product architectures to ensure consistent solution design. The job also involves continuous analysis of complementary third-party solutions for potential business relationships. About the role Our IoT technologists are recognized authorities on a broad range of IoT technologies spanning security, networking, machine learning, and data science. Your knowledge of IoT security and identity extends our ability to deliver secure IoT data from silicon to cloud. You have industry-leading tools at your disposal. For devices, you build upon Arm's considerable investments in Platform Security Architecture (PSA). For services, you work directly with our Mbed Cloud team to ensure that billions of devices can connect automatically and produce trustworthy data. Because this is largely a greenfield opportunity, we expect considerable creativity, invention, leadership, and market awareness. What will I be Accountable for? You are Arm's focal point for device identity, trust, and access control technologies. You work across multiple teams to align use-case targets, architectural designs, and business assumptions. You continuously analyze the competitive landscape within your subject area and recommend appropriate product strategies. Based on this ongoing analysis, you help optimize Arm’s return on internal development through inputs to "build vs. buy" decisions. Directly engaging with partners and customers, you capture real-world use-case information and synthesize new concepts for product architectures and features. You are adept at maintaining deep customer partnerships spanning technical and business realms. You influence relevant industry standards organizations to increase conformance with our architectural direction and product strategies. You are a "hands-on" contributor, developing proof-of-concept solutions to illustrate new concepts and techniques. Job Requirements What skills, experience, and qualifications do I need? You have deep expertise working with IAM (identity and access management) technologies, standards, and products. You understand key IAM use-cases and workflows spanning multiple industries and platforms. You know how to build secure IoT platforms with strong identity and trustworthy software. You are familiar with commonly used techniques and protocols for performing remote attestation of device assets. Broad knowledge of cross-platform platform security architectures gives you the perspective to see how IoT devices fit within larger enterprise IT ecosystems. Expertise in “trusted computing” for high security applications gives you an advantage in crafting trustworthy IoT solutions. Although this is not a software engineering position, your strong technical background in programming and software design enables you to lead discussions with our senior-level architects and developers. Prior experience rapidly developing proof-of-concept and prototype solutions improves your ability to communicate new concepts. Familiarity with industry standards for trusted computing, IAM, certificate issuance, key exchange, and device bootstrapping improves our ability to engage and influence these organizations. Basic knowledge of supply chain optimization is helpful in crafting strategies for IoT device manufacturing and distribution. You are skilled at working across team boundaries to influence and align our business goals and technical architectures. Your personal history of innovation, invention, and creativity leads to success in this role. At Arm, we are proud to have core beliefs that reflect our open culture and guide our decisions. Our beliefs define how we work together, and how we evaluate you. Here is a preview: We, Not I: Take daily responsibility to make the Global Arm community thrive. Realize that we win when we collaborate — and that everyone misses out when we don’t. Passion for Progress: Difficult things can take unexpected directions; stick with it. The essence of progress is that it can’t stop; grow with it and lead your own progress. Be Your Brilliant Self: Be quirky not egocentric. Make trust our default position. LI-PW1