General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. POSITION OVERVIEW The Product Safety team ensures recall and organic certification readiness of our production and warehousing sites. The Product Safety Manager role is key member of the Inventory Controls and Safety leadership team – supporting product safety excellence across roughly 250+ North American sites that produce, warehouse, or distribute General Mills finished products. This position interacts with Quality, Logistics, Sales, Manufacturing, and external leadership teams and reports to the Inventory Control and Safety Manager for North American Warehousing. RESPONSIBILITIES Champion a belief in zero food safety incidents and drive improvements in the Product Safety process and results across the North American Supply Chain. Direct and lead the Product Safety team in the development, prioritization, and implementation of key initiatives in support of the North American Warehousing priorities and Roadmap. Manage the organic audit, warehouse audit, and reconciliation process to support regulatory response times. Lead the debrief process of these events and partner with sites to drive to institutional fixes. Act as a single point of contact for Food Safety & Quality (FSQ) to ensure timely and accurate data supporting potential market action. Provide 24/7 support during potential recall situations. Oversee weekly shipment accuracy reporting to all producing and warehousing sites. Oversee weekly hazardous and non-hazardous hold reporting and drive action against those sites with inventory variances. Oversee reporting to accurate inventory and code date visibility. Drive a continuous improvement and problem-solving culture across Logistics and Manufacturing in support of Product Safety. Provide timely and actionable feedback to the Product Safety team and exemplify Servant Leadership to remove barriers and enable differential results. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in any major 5+ years of related experience, plant or warehouse management experience supporting inventory control and/or hold management preferred Thorough knowledge of inventory management systems (SAP, RedPrairie) and Supply Chain flow Strong leadership skills and the ability to drive change Strong conceptual, analytical and decision-making skills Excellent interpersonal, communication and listening skills Ability to engage, motivate, and develop others Ability to provide 24/7 support during crisis situations Demonstrated capabilities at managing and developing people Demonstrated process improvement experience with compelling results CB1