Are you driven to bring customers live, on-schedule, with quality, regardless of challenges that may get in your way? Do you take pride in how effectively you listen to, empathize with, and consult with your customers so they achieve the most value from your solution? Do you live to solve complex problems that cross product, configuration, integration, global compliance, customer systems and customer process? Would you be excited to join a growing and energetic startup with a product spanning 200+ countries? If you answered yes to all of the above then this may be the opportunity for you. We are currently expanding our Professional Services team and would like to get to know you. About Tradeshift Tradeshift is a cloud platform that connects buyers, suppliers, and all their processes in one place. Our vision is to connect every business in the world with one solution that evolves as business needs change. Our core apps help companies choose business partners, buy and sell goods & services, and collaborate at every step along the way. Since 2010 we have connected 500,000+ companies across 190 countries. At Tradeshift, we believe a flat structure and politics-free environment is vital to empowering our people to make their own decisions. Our global team spans over 30 nationalities, which brings refreshingly diverse perspectives to our products and services. From hackathons and team camps, to weekly in-house yoga and trips to the local pub, we know how to balance our professionalism with play. Tradeshift is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Copenhagen, London, Suzhou, Tokyo and Paris. Tradeshift is looking for a Professional Services Architect to become a key member of the Professional Services Team. What You Will Be Doing Team with one or more Professional Services Engagement Managers to make multiple simultaneous enterprise customer implementations successful Own the setup, configuration, integration (interface mapping,connectivity and connectors), testing (i.e., SIT and UAT support), migration and troubleshooting of the customer solution Support the Professional Services Engagement Manager in designing the best possible technical solution for the customer Consult with customers’ IT resources on how to best integrate their ERP with Tradeshift Support the Professional Service Engagement Manager and Customer Success Manager in delivering technical demos and trainings for internal/external useInterface with customer team members in Procurement, Finance, IT, and Shared ServicesTeam with Product, Customer Service Engineering, and Support to identify and resolve blockers Own and participate in customer facing meetings Contribute to the development of Delivery’s methodology, knowledge base, and tools About You Optimally you have a Master's degree in Business or Computer Science 1-4 years experience doing software implementations for external customers as part of a consulting or software company Skilled, efficient, resourceful and tenacious problem solver of technical issues Effectively communicates on technical topics with technical and non-technical people Driven to make customers successful, regardless of challenges or obstacles Has a clear interest in, and acumen with, technology High energy; thrives in complex, challenging and sometimes stressful situations Demonstrates creative problem solving abilities Demonstrates ability to learn new technologies and business requirements Ability to travel 2-3 days per month XML and File Transfer Protocols Nice to have: ERP integration or implementation, ETL/interface mapping, SQL, ANSI X12, and/or EDIFACT experience and/or EDI knowledge, skills in json/JavaScript Culture & Perks Ambitious international startup Career and professional development opportunities Flexible hours and vacation policy Supplemented cell phone plan Lunch provided daily from local SF eateries and snacks Fully paid 6 months maternity leave and 2 months fully paid paternity/partner leave A competitive compensation package + equity 100% covered medical, dental and vision benefits Life, short and long-term disability insurance 401k Wellness and Volunteer Programs Fun company events like happy hours, outings and much more