Manager of Data Insights EF is looking for an individual with a passion for data visualization to join our Strategy team. This team leads all strategic initiatives for our Educational Tours products. You will be responsible for developing strong relationships with key stakeholders, developing KPI’s that are both for management and front line staff, and navigating IT infrastructure to get the job done. If you've got a healthy competitive streak, good problem solving skills, strong attention to detail, technical and quantitative skills; we'd like to hear from you. Core Responsibilities: Serve as the lead designer and developer for new data models and dashboards using Power BI Work directly across all levels of the organization from President to Sales associates Help decide on company KPI’s to move the business forward across departments Sales/Marketing/Product development Present KPI’s in an easy to understand visual presentation through dashboards Ad Hoc analysis as needed Desired skills: An expert in data mining, data modeling and data visualization Experienced in developing dashboard wire frames and design requirements based on discussion with an understanding of technical and visual design considerations Experienced in programmatically accessing, cleaning and transforming large data sets from cloud data lakes and data warehouses (like Amazon Redshift) Able to develop plug-and-play processes to automate and scale common data requests Strong with strategic, technical, analytical and problem-solving skills with a high level of demonstrated quantitative skills in educational and professional background Able to understand EF’s business model through metrics and analysis that drive to insight and action. Able to effectively present solutions to senior executives and staff at varying levels across the organization. An expert in Power BI, SQL, and Excel Working knowledge of development tools for version control (like git), shell scripting and IDEs (like Visual Studio) About you: Perform well under pressure within a team and on your own Have an internal drive to finish work before a deadline Have an intense attention to detail Enjoy managing complexity and ambiguity Ask for help and leverage the knowledge and experience of others to overcome tough obstacles Enjoy a collaborative working style Enthusiastically make contributions and takes satisfaction in team accomplishments EF Educational Tours offers international learning opportunities designed to provide students with first hand exposure to the world’s cultural, historic and natural sites as they study them. For more information, visit www.eftours.com. EF Educational Tours is a division of EF Education First, the world leader in international education. Founded in 1965, EF’s mission is to open the world through education. To date, EF has helped millions of people learn a language, discover the world or earn an academic degree. For more information, visit http://careers.ef.com/. EF is an Equal Opportunity Employer