[24]7 is redefining the way companies interact with consumers. Using artificial intelligence and machine learning to understand consumer intent, [24]7’s technology helps companies create a personalized, predictive and effortless customer experience across all channels. The world’s largest and most recognizable brands are using intent-driven engagement from [24]7 to assist several hundred million visitors annually, through more than 1.5 billion conversations, most of which are automated. The result is an order of magnitude improvement in digital adoption, customer satisfaction, and revenue growth. For more information, visit: http://www.247-inc.com. The Account Management team focus on partnering with existing Clients to ensure they are recognize and are delighted with the business value [24]7 provides them. Our Account Management team also build deep relationships with Clients to understand ways that they and [24]7 can grow their business relationship. We’re looking for an Account Management leader in the Digital Marketing domain with a proven ability to build close client/ Agency relationships and to grow the relationship for mutual benefit. Key Responsibilities Lead a team of Account managers to manage multiple clients/ Agencies in North America Partner closely with your Clients to ensure you understand their business goals, internal dynamics and how [24]7 can grow our relationship with them in a proactive way guided by your insights Manage Digital Media spend across multiple channels on behalf of the customer and deliver continuous optimization to meet and exceed performance goals Leverage experience and knowledge of Digital Marketing domain to position [24]7 as a partner that client feels confident to work with and deliver their strategic growth plans Keep updated with latest trends and technologies that drive Ad-tech and Mar-tech domain Ensure Client contract renewals are executed in a timely fashion and with our goal of 100% annual revenue retention. Run a regular communication rhythm with your Clients and within [24]7 to ensure key Client and internal stakeholders have an accurate and current picture of the relationship. Deliver annual Account Business Plans that identify opportunities for cross-selling additional solutions into your existing accounts. Required Qualifications Have 8+ years’ experience in running: Search Engine Marketing Display and Social Ads Personalization & Optimization Experience working with Ad-tech tools – Adwords, Bing etc… Experience working with Display networks, DMPs, DSPs etc… Organized and methodical, with excellent project management and time management skills Ability to thrive in a fast-pace environment with tight deadlines and manage projects to completion Ability to manage difficult clients and tough conversations in a professional, solutions-oriented manner Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Ability to work well both independently and as part of a team LOCATION: Preferably San Jose CA LI-SP1