Description _Do you have 3+ years of experience supporting a team technically and administratively? Are you technically savvy with strong database management skills, ideally with exposure to GIS? Then check this out!_ Unit: Wells and Water Measurement Division: Water Supply Position Code: 0567 Salary: Based on a seven-step salary plan. Pre-tax payroll deductions toward CalPERS contributions are required of all employees. NOTE: Normal business hours are Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm. The Santa Clara Valley Water District offers a variety of work schedules suited to accommodate the business needs of the organization. For more information on the Santa Clara Valley Water District's Flexible Work Schedule Program visit https://www.valleywater.org/benefits The supplemental questions should be answered thoroughly, clearly and concisely as the responses provided (along with the entire application package) will be carefully reviewed to determine which candidates will move forward in the recruitment process. Duties: This position will work with other team members to help implement the District Well Ordinance. This position will answer customer questions related to the well ordinance, compile data and maps related to customer queries, help support the district's well permitting work, conduct enforcement action to remedy well ordinance violations, and help test and troubleshoot Well- Ordinance-Program-related IT systems. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Serves as a customer liaison to interpret and answer questions related to the District and State Well Standards and District Well Ordinance, and to schedule well inspections and dispatch inspectors. Helps test and analyze issues with the WRIS database and GIS related to wells. Works with IT and IT contractors to troubleshoot and test our wells-related computer systems. Corrects data issues when found. Maintains data in wells-related databases and GIS. Assists in well permitting (reviews permit applications, enters permit data into database, etc.) and serves as technical lead to staff conducting well permitting. Conducts enforcement action in order to bring wells into compliance with District Well Ordinance. Gathers and verifies data to register all new wells. Creates State Well Registration number and updates associated files and databases. Compiles well data and creates well location maps and tables for customer initiated well searches and requests for public records. Ideal candidate's background includes: 3+ years of experience handling a variety of administrative support and technical duties specifically in a role that utilizes and manages databases. Experience analyzing GIS data, creating maps, and updating data is highly desirable. Experience providing customer service to the public and the ability to represent the District by interpreting the well ordinance and standards and applying to practical situations. Proficient in Microsoft office and the ability to quickly pick up new software quickly. Excel skills must be strong. Experience that demonstrates resourcefulness and tech savviness. Equivalent to an Associate's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in business administration or a related field. Ability to: Provide outstanding customer service with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Summarize data and provide comprehensive information to stakeholders. Work with others in a team environment. Think logically and analytically, with strong attention to detail. Demonstrate innovation, creative thinking, problem solving and organizational skills. Recommend and implement modifications to existing programs, systems, and procedures. Communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing. Tech savvy with the ability and drive to conduct basic troubleshooting, identify problems and make recommended changes. Knowledge of: Business writing and report preparation. Basic principles of GIS. Basic methods of conducting research. Statistical and research methods. Typical Qualifications Experience: Three (3) years of experience handling a variety of administrative support and technical duties. Directly related experience may be substituted for the college requirement on the basis of one and one-half years of experience for one year of education to a maximum of two years. Training: Equivalent to an Associate's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in business administration or a related field. Special Requirement: Possession of, or ability to obtain, an appropriate, valid California driver's license. Individuals who do not meet the driver's license requirement due to a disability will be considered for a reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis. To review the Classification Specification, please click here (Download PDF reader) Selection Process (1) The selection process may include one or more of the following: application review, application assessment, performance test, written test and/or oral interview examination. (2) The Employment Application, Qualifying Information Questions and/or Supplemental Questions will be evaluated for minimum qualifications. Resumes are recommended. NOTE: Position and start date is subject to availability of funds. The District retains the right to repost this position as deemed necessary. _Consideration may be given to existing applicant pools within the same classification._ _The District's Equal Opportunity Non-Discrimination Policy is available for review upon request._ _The Santa Clara Valley Water District will make reasonable efforts in the examination process to accommodate persons with disabilities. Please advise Human Resources in advance of any special needs by calling 1-408-630-2260._ _Please be aware that once submitted all application materials become the property of the District and will not be returned. Human Resources staff is not authorized to make copies of application materials for applicants._