Reporting to the Director of Clinical Integration, and under the general direction of the Director Population Health, the Business Analyst is responsible to work with stakeholders across the Jefferson Northeast Health System to support and answer critical business questions related to the various quality/incentive performance programs. Experience: Previous medical terminology and clinical experience required. Education & Training: Bachelor’s Degree in related field required. License, Certification &Registration;: N/A Other Requirements: Keen analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent communication skills with a desire to work in teams. Strong attention to detail & strong organizational skills. Strong work ethic & personal confidence with a desire to learn new things. Strong computer skills (word processing, spreadsheets, statistical analysis, database, data mining tools such as SQL / SAS / SPSS) Familiarity with business intelligence software (Qlik/Tableau). Knowledge of Population Health and CPC+ programing. Jefferson Health delivers state-of-the-art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 7,800 students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21 st century professional education. We have 30,000 employees. Jefferson Health , with 14 hospitals (three are Magnet-designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 50+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually . This year, U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital as the 16 th best hospital in the nation, and among the nation’s best in 11 specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI-designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 69 such centers in the nation. Thomas Jefferson University, nationally recognized for advancing groundbreaking developments in healthcare education and research, recently combined with Philadelphia University, internationally known for architecture, design, engineering, textiles and more. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) has nine colleges and three schools dedicated to interprofessional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet-to-be-imagined careers. As an employer, the Jefferson Enterprise maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans. VISIT Jefferson Health VISIT Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University