The Research Project Associate in the Department of Emergency Medicine/TCRI, at the Lewis Katz School of Medicine, will work under direct supervision of the Principal Investigator and will assist with specific research tasks associated with ongoing clinical research projects. Responsibilities include: assisting with screening, tracking and enrolling patients in active clinical trials; obtaining informed consents; scheduling subjects for visits; performing basic clinical assessments; and collecting and entering study data. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: Bachelor's degree and at least 6 months of related research experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Required Skills & Abilities: Demonstrated computer skills, and proficiency with MS Office Suite including spreadsheet and database software programs. Knowledge of medical terminology. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, along with the ability to interact with a diverse constituent population. Demonstrated organizational and problem solving skills. Ability to multi-task and be detail-oriented in a dynamic work environment. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. This is a grant funded position Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.