Macmillan Learning is a part of the family-owned Holtzbrinck group of companies and is one of the leading educational technology companies. Through deep partnership with the world's best researchers, educators, administrators, and developers, we facilitate teaching and learning opportunities that spark student engagement and improve outcomes. We provide educators with tailored solutions designed to inspire student curiosity and measure progress. Macmillan Learning is comprised of renowned brands including Bedford/St. Martins, W.H. Freeman, Worth Publishers, Sapling Learning, SkyFactor, Intellus Learning, Late Nite Labs, and Hayden-McNeil. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to reflecting a broad representation of differences - race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective- in our workplace. The successful candidate for this position will become an employee of Bedford Freeman & Worth Publishing Group, LLC (“BFW”), d/b/a Macmillan Learning. Bedford Freeman & Worth Publishing Group, LLC has developed an affirmative action program in compliance with the NY Department of Education’s guidance. Portions of the affirmative action program are available for review by applicants and employees by contacting Human Resources. The STEM Specialist will be responsible for helping to drive sales in their designated discipline higher education markets. While the position involves providing important feedback to marketing and editorial teams, the primary focus is on driving sales through active support of sales representatives and managers in the field. The STEM Specialist will conduct sales presentations for large opportunities and create and implement closing strategies post presentation; they will also serve as the communication conduit for marketing/editorial to the field sales rep for our disciplines. There is a significant training component to this position including training developing reps in our disciplines as well as conducting in person or virtual technology training for our customers. The Specialist is expected to travel as needed, especially during the primary selling seasons. Travel also includes regional and national conferences, as well as various training, marketing, and sales events. Major Responsibilities: Collaborate with sales representatives, sales managers, marketing/editorial managers, STEM Consulting Scientists, custom specialists Develop key sales targets and demonstrate strategic territory management Assist in exceeding annual sales goals by working with sales teams to prioritize, consult and close top sales targets Develop in-depth product/process knowledge of the STEM product lines Develop in-depth knowledge of competitors’ products Work with publishers, editors, marketing managers, and national consultants to develop successful strategies designed to gain market share. Communicate and reinforce those strategies at regional and national meetings, and during work trips in the field with sales representatives Provide ongoing research and feedback on products, trends, and other developments in the field to sales management, marketing and editorial via Trip Reports and consistent usage of the CRM Assist with the planning and support of national, regional, and local meetings and impact events Provide leadership, training and support for sales representatives with regards to new company initiatives and products Required Skills / Knowledge: Proven presentation skills Customer focus (internal and external customers) Technical capability Relationship building/ teamwork (incorporating communication, influencing & collaboration) People management (incorporating resource planning, performance management, development and motivation) Leadership (incorporating team leadership, professional impact, networking, continuing professional development) Education/Experience Needed: Degree from an accredited 4-year university or college Minimum two years of successful college sales experience, with demonstrated success selling in the Science disciplines Ability to work well both independently and collaboratively with field sales team and marketing/editorial