Los Angeles, California Human Resources We’re currently on the hunt for a stunning Talent Operations Business Analyst. You’ll be responsible for operationalizing recruiting tools/integrations, be a thought partner to Talent Acquisition and be solutions oriented with a out of the box recruiting approach. The position is based in our Los Angeles headquarters but open to our Los Gatos office. Why is it an exciting time to join Netflix? Talent Acquisition has a seat at the table, but now it’s time to scale without sacrificing quality. We’ll give you the context to be effective, the resources you’ll need to be efficient and get out of your way to be creative and innovative to elevate a high performing organization. Is problem solving your specialty? Questioning, being curious and challenging the status quo is an expectation here. You can identify the gaps, your resourceful to fill them and you're up to the challenge to implement them. It’s easy to see the gaps, but it’s an art to influence change and drive results. In this role, you will: Operationalize the technology needs of the recruiting team - identifying opportunities, determining solutions or tools, lead implementations and facilitate integrations with various tools and systems Develop strong partnerships with internal and external teams to provide deep analysis on trends, opportunities to streamline, automate or simply workflows and build projects to continuously improve the effectiveness of Talent Acquisition Conduct training sessions and application demos for the end users Ensure data integrity by understanding or designing business workflows and back-end data structure within our systems Provide system configurations based on business requirements with the approach of ‘people over process’ Conduct ad-hoc analysis to assist with problem solving or help storytelling About you: You’ve done this before. You have 5-8 years of experience within Talent Acquisition or HR operations You’ve implemented various HRIS/ATS systems or recruiting tools before from discovery to implementation and iterations User focused. You see solutions where others see problems. You are always looking for ways to make improvements and continuously simplify the recruiting experience. Your a thought partner. Your concise with verbal and written communication skills with the ability to collaborate with cross functional team members effectively with the end user in perspective Communication is your strong suit. Your able to distill and translate technical languages developers speak and also translate back to them the business needs You are an initiative taker, early adopter, technology enthusiast. Why join the Netflix Team? You will make a huge impact at an established company where your work adds value and your opinion will be sought after You are given the resources and freedom you need, and will have the opportunity to take ownership of your work Take a look at our culture memo to learn more Learn more about our recruiting culture from our fearless leader, Nellie Peshkov.