Job Title: Systems Administrator I Level: 89 Department/Group: Information Technology About Baker Boyer: Baker Boyer is the oldest independently owned community bank in the Pacific Northwest. It serves the Walla Walla, Kennewick and Yakima communities with seven branches, providing wealth management as well as personal and business banking services. About this Role: The Systems Administrator is responsible for assisting in the upkeep and support of computer systems across the bank. This position sits within the IT department but will work with all divisions within the bank to provide support and security for all computer system infrastructure. This position will be responsible for working with end users to support their business needs in an efficient, customer focused, secure manner. Roles and Responsibilities Receive, triage, and work service calls via phone, email, in person or via a ticketing system from internal sources. Document received service calls and actions taken Work cooperatively with the extended IT team to route and resolve issues Build and maintain desktop PCs Troubleshoot end user issues Maintain the highest levels of confidentiality and information security Actively participate in IT team meetings and planning activities. Provide feedback on audit, compliance, policy and procedure requests Other duties as assigned Education and Experience Fouryear degree in Managed Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science or similar course of study. 12 years’ experience in IT preferred. Or, any equivalent combination of education, experience, and training that provides the required knowledge and abilities to do the job. Demonstrable continued growth and learning desired. Skills and Qualifications Knowledge of or ability to learn: IBM iSeries Microsoft Desktop, Server and Productivity software Core Banking software Active Directory and identity management Various banking industry software applications Outstanding attention to detail Excellent analytical and problemsolving skills Ability to work independently and within a team environment Ability to juggle multiple projects simultaneously and manage time efficiently Demonstrates excellent organizational, time management and project management skills Demonstrates strong verbal and written communication skills, including presentation skills Ability to teach others. Plan and organize instruction in ways that maximize learning. Proactively builds and maintains positive relationships by portraying an approachable and openminded outlook Is a team player, willing to help out as needed and keeps team informed of status and needs Exhibits active listening techniques, and is open to feedback and continual improvement Is professional in dress, speech and manners. Physical Demands/Conditions Requirements The job tasks and physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made as appropriate to enable individuals with qualified disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the person in this role is regularly required to sit, write, type, speak, & listen. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, reach, stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color and peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Ability to sit at desk and work on computer. Baker Boyer is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.