Position Overview At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a Business Systems Analyst within PNC's Retail Lending Technology organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA or Philadelphia, PA. The candidate selected for this position will possess the following attributes: Manages a technology delivery processes Works with development protocol and methodology Understands the Agile delivery methodology Job Profile Participates in developing functional requirements for business systems; tests, trains and implements applications. Translates clients requirements to functional documentation; participates in technical designs and test planning . Designs, prototypes, configures, and tests new or enhanced applications . Performs customer support processes and activities for the implementation of new or existing applications . Monitors the efficiency and effectiveness of application operations and troubleshoots problems, as necessary . Core Competencies Manages Risk - Basic Experience Assesses and effectively manages all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure activities are in alignment with the bank's and unit's risk appetite and risk management framework. Customer Focus - Working Experience Knowledge of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions, and ability to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Job Specific Competencies IT ENVIRONMENT - Working Experience Knowledge of an organization's IT purposes, activities and standards; ability to create an effective IT environment for business operations. Workflow Analysis - Working Experience Knowledge of and ability to manage IT work activities, processes and progress within a system to improve organizational efficiency and effectiveness. Business Process Modeling - Working Experience Knowledge of the activities, tasks, deliverables and techniques for documenting current business processes; ability to identify problems, opportunities, and re-engineering processes for improvement. Business Assessment - Working Experience Knowledge of the activities, tasks, practices and deliverables for assessing and documenting business opportunities; ability to assess the benefits, risks, and success factors of potential applications. Requirements Analysis - Working Experience Knowledge of methods and techniques to elicit, analyze and record required business functionality and non-functionality requirements; ability to analyze these requirements to ensure the success of a system or software development project. Application Testing - Working Experience Knowledge of application testing and ability to design, plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality throughout all stages of application development. System Testing - Working Experience Knowledge of and the ability to design, plan and execute system testing strategies and tactics to ensure the quality of software at all stages of the system life cycle. Technical Writing/Documentation - Working Experience Knowledge of the technical language and writing approach, and the ability to write paper-based and on-line technical reference documentation (guidelines, standards, procedures, processes, applications, etc.) IT Project Management - Working Experience Knowledge of and the ability to plan, organize, monitor and control IT projects ensuring the utilization of technical resources to better achieve project objectives. Problem Management - Working Experience Knowledge of the processes involved in problem control, error control and the production of management information; the ability to identify the root cause of problems in a timely and accurate manner and bring them to a successful resolution. Required Education and Experience Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree with < 1 year of professional experience and/or successful completion of a formal development program. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. EEO Statement PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law