Data Analyst 1 - 351278 Overview Join our team of dedicated analysts and engineers as we design, build, and maintain a suite of BI Tools and Dashboards designed for insight. Our ideal candidate can think strategically about the needs of the business, maintain productive relationships with a diverse array of stakeholders, and bring experienced focus to the areas of automation, scalability, and actionable intelligence. Do you enjoy tactical challenges and a collegial environment? Are you into data visualization, cloud services, and process optimization? Come join a fun and dedicated team as we innovate the data-driven heart of a great company. Responsibilities Design, build, manage, and evolve a suite of Tableau Dashboards and other self-service tools for our key stakeholders. Partner with Business teams to understand their analytics needs and look for opportunities to enhance our product offering. Collaborate with other BI Analysts and Engineers to develop data/table structures in both on-prem and cloud-based data stores, optimizing for Tableau Dashboards and other self-service needs. Offer strategic guidance to both analysts and business teams on how to best leverage our tools. Maintain efficient QA processes to ensure the accuracy and quality of data. Provide exceptional customer service through professionalism, ownership and initiative. Desired Skills and Experience 1+ year of experience building advanced Tableau Dashboards for ongoing measurement and self-service needs preferred. 1+ years of e-commerce or marketing experience preferred. 1+ years of SQL experience required (PostgreSQL and Teradata SQL preferred). Ability to think strategically and assess key stakeholder requests. Ability to derive concise and actionable results from large volumes of data (AWS/Redshift experience preferred). Demonstrated ability to QA reporting process to ensure data integrity and accuracy. No visa sponsorship is available for this position, and no relocation assistance is provided for this position. Since 1901, Nordstrom has offered a wide variety of quality apparel, shoes and accessories for men, women and children at our stores across the country. We're proud to be named to Fortune™ magazine's list of '100 Best Companies to Work For.' We believe this recognition comes from our desire to empower our employees to set their sights high and deliver exceptional service to customers. As a Nordstrom employee, you can feel confident that your health and well- being are among our highest priorities. We offer a comprehensive, flexible employee benefits package that includes medical/vision and dental coverage, a generous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(K) savings and profit sharing plan and much more. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. LI-KF1 Job : Analytics Date Posted : 07/23/2018, 3:45:31 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle