Enterprise Geographic Informations Systems Analyst (Information Systems Analyst) – Public Works Department – (1801044) About the Department The City of San José, the Capital of Silicon Valley, is one of the nation’s best managed cities and one of the top ten cities in which to live, work, and do business. Moreover, San José is the center of cultural, government and economic activity for the region. The employees of the City of San José have embraced the following values: Integrity, Innovation, Excellence, Collaboration, Respect and Celebration. The City’s Public Works Department is seeking an individual whose values align with the values of the City’s employees. The Department of Public Works is responsible for delivering capital improvement projects for a wide variety of City facilities and infrastructure, maintaining City facilities and fleet assets, facilitating and regulating development activities, and providing animal care and services. The Department is committed to high-quality service, partnering with the community, and providing an excellent environment in which to work. Positions & Duties Salary Range for Information Systems Analyst – $102,440.00 to $124,820.80 The Department of Public Works is seeking qualified candidates to fill the Enterprise GIS Systems Analyst position as a member of the Technology Services Division. This is a professional level position in the IT professional management series and responsible for overseeing and managing day-to-day Enterprise GIS services, system integration, and planning. This position will also be implementing large scale enterprise projects. The position requires strong hands-on technical experience, leadership, and management skills, as well as the ability to take initiative and direct others. We are seeking an individual with a willingness to adapt and lead within a changing business and technical environment. The ideal candidate must be able to take full ownership of projects to completion and beyond by providing awareness and visibility of standard GIS best practices from an operations perspective to the rest of the organization. The position demands a proven ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues with limited resources. Being a team leader, team player, and having a positive attitude are essential to this position. The Enterprise GIS Systems Analyst will report to the GIS Manager. This position will be responsible for programming that supports the development and maintenance of major applications used by the Department of Public Works and city-wide operations. The Enterprise GIS is developed based on Esri’s ArcGIS software stack and Microsoft SQL Server database. The City has adopted Esri’s Local Government Information Model (LGIM) as the standard. All department’s GIS datasets are migrating toward that standard, and the Enterprise GIS environment is becoming increasingly centralized in the data housing and license management. The Enterprise GIS Systems Analyst is responsible for supporting all the dependent data management operations and application integrations. Key responsibilities and duties within the work group in Public Works is to provide coordination, management, and leadership to support the development and maintenance of GIS enterprise systems and may include but are not limited to: a. Support for the effective and efficient use of City geospatial resources b. Plan, organize, and guide the City’s GIS program by implementing GIS strategies c. Improve City service delivery by geographically enabling business systems d. Work collaboratively with departments to define roles, implement agreements, reduce program redundancies, and support an enterprise funding model e. Improvement, maintenance and integration of and with the Master Address Database f. Support the City’s Open Data Policy by developing policies and strategies to geo-enable the City’s open data platform g. Support regional relationships towards the mutual goal of increased geospatial knowledge and availability This recruitment may be used to fill multiple positions in this, or other divisions or departments. If you are interested in employment in this classification, you should apply to ensure you are considered for additional opportunities that may utilize the applicants from this recruitment. Qualifications 1\. Education: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in a relevant field. 2\. Experience: Four (4) years of progressively responsible professional/journey level experience, of which two (2) years of experience include lead technical work in development, implementation, and maintenance of computer systems, or application development and/or support. 3\. Acceptable Substitutions: Additional years of increasingly responsible directly related work experience may be substituted for education on a year- for-year basis. Completion of a Master’s Degree in a relevant field from an accredited college or university may be substituted for one year of the required two (2) years of experience which include lead technical work in development, implementation, and maintenance of computer systems, or application development and/or support. 4\. Possession of a valid state of California driver’s license may be required. Employment Eligibility: Federal law requires all employees to provide verification of their eligibility to work in this country. Please be informed that the City of San Jose will not prepare or file a labor condition application with the Dept. of Labor. The ideal candidate will possess the following competencies, as demonstrated in past and current employment history. Desirable competencies for this position include: Job Expertise: Demonstrates hands-on experience in architecture designing, implementing, managing, and troubleshooting for at least two (2) of the following technologies in an enterprise infrastructure: Esri ArcGIS Server Microsoft SQL Server Database 2016 and SDE middleware Esri LGIM ArcGIS Online/Portal Microsoft Windows Server 2012 FME Server/Desktop – Proven ability and experience to lead large in scale to complex in scope enterprise technical projects. – Hands-on experience troubleshooting GIS desktop and server configuration and performance issues. – Experience developing and implementing a GIS governance model to support an enterprise GIS. – Documents and establishes policies and procedures for GIS technologies including servers, workstations, storage, server virtualization, GIS data security, web based maps, and service. – Implements GIS strategy, which includes equipment replacement and a 5-year roadmap. – Demonstrate knowledge of and experience with applicable professional/technical principles and practices of application management, Citywide and departmental procedures/policies and federal and state rules and regulations Team Work & Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates a positive attitude and flexibility along with the ability to develop effective relationships with co- workers and supervisors by helping others accomplish tasks and using collaboration and conflict resolution skills. Leadership: Leads by examples; demonstrates high ethical standards; remains visible and approachable and interacts with others on a regular basis; promotes a cooperative work environment, allowing others to learn from mistakes; provides motivational supports and direction. Decision Making: Identifies and understands issues, problems, and opportunities; uses effective approaches for choosing a course of action or developing appropriate solutions. Project Management: Ensures support for projects and implements agency goals and strategic objectives. Problem Solving: Approaches a situation or problem by defining the problem or issue; determines the significance of problem; collects information; uses logic and intuition to arrive at decisions or solutions or problems that achieve the desired outcome. Vision/Strategic Thinking: Supports, promotes, and ensures alignment with the organization’s visions and values; understands how an organization must change in light of internal and external trends and influences; builds a shared vision with others and influences others to translate vision to action. Communication: Effectively conveys information and expresses thoughts and facts clearly both orally and in writing; demonstrates effective use of listening skills; displays openness to other people’s ideas and thoughts. Excellent written and verbal communication skills including presentation skills. Selection Process The selection process will consist of an evaluation of the applicant’s training and experience based on the application and responses to the Job Specific Questions. Only the candidates whose backgrounds best match the position will be invited to proceed in the selection process. Additional phases of the selection process will consist of one or more interviews, one of which may include a practical/writing exercise. You will be prompted to answer the following job-specific questions during the online application process. Please note that there is a 4,000-character limit, including spaces, for each text response. Please include your resume as part of the application submittal. 1\. Please select two (2) technology from the list below that you have in- depth hands-on technical experience, which would enable your success in a senior manager role leading a technical team and delivering enterprise GIS services: Esri ArcGIS Server Microsoft SQL Server Database 2016 and SDE middleware Esri LGIM ArcGIS Online Microsoft Windows Server 2012 FME Server/Desktop 2\. From the technology you selected in the previous question, please describe your hands-on experience in system implementation or management. 3\. Please describe your experience of developing a cross department team to complete technical projects and ensure engagement with either internal and/or external customers that lead to the success of the project. 4\. Please describe your experience in leading an enterprise technical project that is large scale to complex in scope. In your explanation, please include details of your role, describe the project activities, schedule, deliverables, and objectives, as well as any challenges you encountered. If you have questions about the duties of these positions, the selection or hiring processes, please contact Gladys Ho at gladys.ho@sanjoseca.gov. Additional Information Benefits: http://www.sanjoseca.gov/index.aspx?NID=707 Department: http://www.sanjoseca.gov/index.aspx?NID=208 The application deadline is 11:59 PM on the final filing date. Please allow adequate time to complete the application and submit before the deadline or the system may not save your application. If your online application was successfully submitted, you will receive an automatic confirmation email to the email address you provided. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE CONFIRMATION, please email CityCareers@sanjoseca.gov and we will research the status of your application. Please contact Human Resources at (408) 535-1285, or Human.Resources@sanjoseca.gov if you have any questions. Job: Information Technology Schedule: Full-time Employee Status: Regular Job Type: Standard Job Posting: Jun 12, 2018, 12:08:15 PM Minimum Salary: 102,440.00 Maximum Salary: 124,820.80 Bargaining Unit 1: City Association of Management Personnel Closing Date: Jul 9, 2018, 11:59:00 PM