Job Description The Central Software Organization and Software Architecture team within Product Development is dedicated to enhancing existing software related solutions and creating new and exciting software technologies that integrate with existing architectures as well as our next generation mobility ecosystem. This position is focused on ensuring Ford teams share a cohesive view of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), related services and vehicle level application programming interfaces. Responsibilities : Develop and refine SOA related specifications. Develop feature focused software architectures and designs that are scalable across different physical architectures. Develop and refine use cases and functional level requirements for features participating in SOA. Support the transition of ECUs to SOA and domain controllers. Create SOA services that are portable across different ECUs. Create vehicle side application programing interfaces that transforms data into information for backend systems and partner developers. Support the development of system and subsystem level design, interfaces, and specifications to ensure production feature delivery across the entire range of Ford Motor Company vehicle offerings. Plan and execute real-world evaluations of SOA services and related features to identify system problems and issues. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Aerospace, Controls, Software Engineering 5+ years’ experience in embedded software design and development Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of service oriented architectures. Knowledge of IoT, cloud related architectures and edge computing. A technical foundation that facilitates the development into the role of a Software Architect. Experience with POSIX based operating systems. Understanding of embedded hardware and software architectures. Experience with production embedded software system The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.