Los Gatos, California Product Engineering On Jan 6, 2016, Netflix announced the creation of the first global Internet TV network. But our journey has just begun. Our marketing department is tasked with building awareness of Netflix across the globe. The Digital Marketing Infrastructure (DMI) team is building a platform that enables rapid execution of marketing concepts. Our goal is to build applications to enable Netflix Global Marketing teams operate fast and at scale. You can read more about the work the team is doing over here We are looking for an experienced full-stack software engineer who can innovate at the leading edge of technology. In this role you will ... Understand what it takes to launch a Digital Marketing Campaign across the globe for all the Netflix titles. Learn and work on concepts related to video assembly, digital asset management and campaign management. Partner with cross-functional technical teams, Product Managers and UX Designers. Get a chance to work with various organizations within Netflix such as Marketing, PR, Social and many more. Take full ownership of a product or feature from conception to launch. Test the application you write to ensure the highest quality for the product. Minimum Qualifications BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent with 5+ years of experience. Experience with JVM based languages (Java/Kotlin/Scala). Experience in UI Engineering frameworks and/or front-end technologies like REACT/Ember/Angular, CSS/SCSS Proficient in Javascript Experience building and using RESTful APIs. Strong analytical and debugging skills and willingness to pick up new technologies. Willingness to work with cross-functional teams for api integrations Ability to iterate fast to have a quick turnaround time for fast moving customers. Good verbal and written communication skills. Preferred Qualifications Prior Experience with AWS technologies. Experience with Node.js Familiarity/deep understanding of the problem space and developing workflow/media based web application UI. Experience working with SQL and noSQL data stores and Hibernate or other ORM technologies. A glimpse into our world What we do