An Operations Analyst within the Clinical Practices of The University of Pennsylvania (CPUP) is responsible for providing pointed operational, business process, workflow, and data analysis consulting services to Practice Managers, Clinical Division Administrators, Directors of Operations, Service Line COOs, and Senior Executive Leadership across more than 200 CPUP Practices. The ideal candidate will be familiar with administrative aspects of The University of Pennsylvania Health System or institutions of similar stature and will assist with the overall coordination, planning, and development of assigned internal consulting projects. This position is responsible for conducting Practice Operations Assessments in concert with departmental and senior leadership and participating in committees engaged in process improvement initiatives within our outpatient faculty practice organization. Chiefly, the ideal candidate will exhibit a growing knowledge of and acumen for clinic administration, hospital administration, revenue cycle, and/or other public health disciplines in order to analyze workflows and contribute to the team’s ability to provide meaningful advice to leadership through its efforts to improve cost effectiveness and increase operational efficiency at the departmental and Ambulatory Services levels. While the Operations Analyst is not expected to fully lead projects and provide management consulting services directly, they will often take the lead on projects and are expected to exhibit leadership characteristics as they grow in the function. In addition to the above primary functions of the role, Operations Analysts are tasked with providing actionable business intelligence to our customers in the form of Business Objects/Universe, Hyperion, Epic, and other types of reports that help to leverage the capacity of our robust data warehouse to provide advice and guidance on meeting institutional and departmental goals and objectives. The team works closely with Strategic Decision Support, Data Analytics, Information Services, and the Organizational Development teams on various projects supporting both financial and operational improvement objectives. The team, as a whole, also plans, organizes, and provides go-live operations support for new department implementations in Epic and engages in metrics analysis to help inform various projects and initiatives. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Health Care, or equivalent field is required. Master’s Degree in Business, Health Administration, Public Health, or equivalent is preferred. In addition to the above, the position’s core requirements are: Already possesses an understanding of or has the ability to quickly learn procedures and systems employed in assigned areas to coordinate, plan, develop and implement procedures and projects to support the department. Ability to Identify and analytically support opportunities for improved services, controlled expenses, increased volumes, improved profitability, and positive patient experience through the design, development and implementation of programs that are customized for the unique needs of our clients Ability to develop operating goals including standards of performance and methods of monitoring and appraising functional unit performance, and control systems for operational management and resource control. Proficiency with support and facilitation of cross-functional unit committees addressing organizational operating policies and procedures and program planning. Adept at staff support for functional unit administrator committees and project teams. From current knowledge of Hospital and functional unit priorities, compliance standards and organizational procedures, the ideal candidate will exhibit ability to continually and quickly assess status or problems and develop plans of action for proposed changes and outcomes in concert with the client and the CPUP Operations Team in alignment with the goals and objectives of senior leadership. Strong analytical and computing skills to resolve complex technical and administrative problems. Able to develop and maintain records, reports and provide decision support to senior leadership. Strong organization skills are required. Substantial interpersonal skills to exchange information and resolve problems; to interface with outpatient staff to resolve problems and/or discuss performance; to work easily at all levels of the organization. Must be a strong team player. Strong oral and written communication skills and presentation skills necessary to interact diplomatically with diverse groups of people, exchange information and produce written correspondence. Ability to coordinate programs and special projects both independently and cooperatively with staff. Works well with functional unit staff to facilitate and coordinate completion of projects in a timely fashion. Can easily maintain bi-directional communication between CPUP Operations and all departments. Provides clarity of expectations to others using staff authority to recommend and implement needed change. Capable of participating on behalf of CPUP Operations in appropriate committees, work groups, etc. Develops necessary preparation for meetings; anticipates long-range preparations needed. Serves as internal consultant for development of departmental priorities, budgets and volume variances. Ability to use staff authority to work with functional units to develop corrective plans of action. Identifies problem trends impacting departments and communicates significant issues and proposed resolution to the client, Manager of Practice Operations & Patient Access, and the Director. Using current knowledge of leadership’s priorities and of the goals and objectives of the CPUP Operations team, drafts all necessary reports, prepares point papers, and composes correspondence on behalf of CPUP Operations in collaboration with other groups. Rolling out scheduling and registration-related projects to the CPUP practices, which includes an outcomes driven approach to work planning, overall project management and ongoing monitoring Supporting new practice and physician set-up (e.g. master schedule development, protocols, dictionary work) Other Duties as Assigned. Experience with the following types of assessments is preferred: o WAIT TIME ANALYSIS o WORKFLOW ANALYSIS AND DESIGN o FRONT-END TIME & MOTION STUDIES / IT METRICS ANALYSIS o CLINICAL WORKFLOW / PATIENT THROUGHPUT TIME & MOTION STUDIES / IT METRICS ANALYSIS o STAFFING ANALYSIS AND THE CREATION OF PRO-FORMAS TO ANALYZE BEST PRACTICE FOR CLINICAL DISCIPLINE o ROOM UTILIZATION ANALYSIS o CLINICAL CAPACITY CALCULATION TO HELP ENSURE PROVIDER COMPLIANCE WITH PRODUCTIVITY GOALS & OBJECTIVES o FACULTY EFFORT ALLOCATION TO HELP PROVIDE ACTIONABLE INFORMATION TO CLIENTS / LEADERSHIP o UTILIZING REVENUE CYCLE DATA TO ANALYZE PERFORMANCE AND PRODUCTIVITY o ANALYSIS OF REFERRAL CAPTURE, AUTHORIZATIONS, SECURE-RATE, AND POINT-OF- SERVICE COLLECTIONS Minimum Requirements : ? MBA, MPH, MHA, or equivalent degree preferred. ? Bachelor’s degree required. ? At least 2 years relevant work experience required ? Experience in healthcare administration is Preferred ? Experience as a Patient Services Representative, Patient Access Representative, or Practice Coordinator is preferred ? Experience as an Operations Consultant / Analyst is Preferred ? Experience with Epic’s suite of practice management, revenue cycle, and reporting applications is preferred ? Experience working in Teaching Hospitals and Academic Health Science Centers is preferred Additional Information : We believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. Our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. Penn Medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. Together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives. Penn Medicine http://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/ Live Your Life's Work EOE/AA, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.