As the Geek Squad Manager, you’ll be responsible for day-to-day operations inclusive of the Precinct and Autotech Bay. Oversees the execution of company sales strategies and fulfillment of Geek Squad services in accordance with Best Buy's SOP. You’ll be accountable for leading a team of Agents in a manner that fosters a world class Client experience and drives exceptional business results. Responsibilities include: Provide work direction, training and development for a team of Agents. Monitors Agent skill set achievement Communicate and coach a team of Agents to help achieve Company strategy, local business plans and execute Standard Operating Process (SOP) Analyze and evaluate both financial and Agent performance and develop plans to drive Precinct and Autotech Bay performance Basic Qualifications: 2 years of Management/Supervisory experience OR 2 years of Military leadership experience 3 years of Customer Service experience 1 year of experience analyzing Profit & Loss /Financial Statements Preferred Qualifications: Retail experience Consumer Electronic repair/service experience Previous P &L ownership (including expense/labor management, forecasting Experience driving key business performance indicators (i.e. revenue, NOP) Prior experience analyzing business results, identifying root cause and coaching others to deliver superior customer service Selection, hiring, and performance management experience What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.