Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees, so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Applied Sciences is an applied research and development team dedicated to creating the next generation of computer interaction technologies. The interdisciplinary group focuses on the synergy between optics, vision, electronics, software, manufacturing technology, materials science, acoustics and signal processing using other sensory inputs to create novel human computer interfaces. These explorations help incubate next generation technologies and experiences across several of Microsoft’s devices such as Surface, Xbox, Mobile, Hub and HoloLens. The team works collaboratively with these business groups as well as other research divisions within Microsoft, such as Microsoft Research, to not only push beyond the boundaries of present technical feasibilities but also to transfer fundamental concepts into shipping solutions that can be experienced by millions. Responsibilities Applied Sciences’ interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers and product developers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are offered year-round. One of our long-standing areas of interest human-human interaction in video conferencing scenarios. Computer vision, deep learning, and image processing are utilized for human segmentation and reconstruction in order to create interaction scenarios that are appropriate for human-human interaction. The team is currently looking for interns to help push the boundaries in this area of technology, that is fundamental to the human – computer experience. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science or a related STEM field. Preferred Qualifications The ability to develop original research agendas; The ability to communicate and collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams working in different fields; Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.