Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Family Summary The Database Advisor (DBA) designs, documents, provides guidance, and supports multiple database infrastructure solutions to fulfill business or technology requirements. Job Summary The DBA consultant performs activities aimed at supporting Allstate products by improving database performance and efficiency. The DBA provides direct support to the application areas by making recommendations for performance issues for application and database environments, ensuring stability, and providing evaluation of new or changed products. Key Responsibilities Mentor more junior Database Advisors on complex topics Maintains understanding of the database software industry and suggests future solutions and research activities; design and document standards and understands new technology and communications with applications along applicability to the environment Acts as client advocate, ensuring smooth implementation into application architecture and database standards using both waterfall and agile methodologies Reviews and approves data modeling processes and DBMS specific requirements for application database requirements Participates in logical data modeling processes for complex applications database requirements and converts logical data models into physical data models for complex application databases Conducts root cause analysis on complex incidents and participates in the problem management discussions related to incidents Coordinates with DMBS vendors and others to assist in the analysis and resolution of database problems/issues Installs/configures complex databases for applications. Conducts peer reviews and identifies infrastructure-wide impact/exposure of patching and configuration changes. Create and document installation procedures and provides guidance for, and defines database configuration standards Provides complex database maintenance services to application development teams Develops reports of overall health of the portfolio of databases, escalating substantive capacity utilization variations from forecast to management Defines backup and recovery requirements and resumption strategies based on characteristics of the data, operational environment, and Recovery Time Objectives/Recovery Point Objectives Analyzes trending data and provide performance recommendations addressing specific application/system performance issues Facilitates database testing efforts and work with subject matter experts to create implementation/migration plan with executable documentation Authors complex scripts and tutors junior DBA’s in scripting skill and usage and designs, codes and implements local facilities to support the DBMS environment Review product test results and recommend database/technology solutions to improve overall database environment Tunes SQL, makes performance recommendations on subsystem parameters and leads discussions on tuning efforts with applications and infrastructure groups. Ensures these solutions are in alignment with enterprise strategy Finds opportunities for innovation and automation within the DBA organization Job Qualifications College degree or equivalent work experience 5+ years in database management, testing, scripting, or configuration Additional hands on DBA experience in 1 or more DBMS engines (MongoDB, Casandra, Redis, etc.) outside of Oracle, within the last 4 years is a must The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.