What it is: A Creative Technology team member, responsible for the high-quality delivery of a range of projects, utilizing your skills as an open stack developer. While this role is Node.js focused, specifically transitioning existing applications written in PHP to Node.js - this position will have many opportunities to collaborate with our .NET team to build multi-platform solutions. This is a temporary role to potentially work through March of 2019. What you do: Work collaboratively with all team members and groups within the organization. Able to work independently but understands when to involve others and when to ask for senior support. Bring an understanding of fiscal responsibility, both to the agency and our clients. Execute the development of web software with a strong focus on the security, performance, and robustness of the system. Leverage your experience to not only develop, but help guide creative technology solutions Look for ways to enhance/improve the quality of projects delivered to add value to the agency in the eyes of the client. Write both code-level (API) documentation as well as, when needed, project-level (user) documentation. Generate project estimates and LOEs. Play a part in planning releases with the goal of having little-to-zero end-user impact. What you need: 3-7+ years of web development experience js/React.js – 2+ years Ability to read (not write) PHP 5.x code MySQL or SQLServer experience Object-oriented programming, design, and patterns (SOLID) Strong proficiency with: Relational database concepts and data modeling js / ES 6 HTTP and caching methodologies Good proficiency with: The Linux/nix platform React JS or similar VCS (Bitbucket, Git, etc.) Composer SOA and N-tier architectures - communications including RESTful services, SOAP, etc HTML5/CSS Experience with any of the following is a plus: Build tools (Phing, Ant, etc) Micro-services architecture Continuous integration/deployment tools (Jenkins, Bamboo, etc) Mirum is headquartered in Downtown San Diego. This position can be based in Dallas, Minneapolis, Salt Lake City or San Diego, and candidates must reside in or be willing to relocate to those areas. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.