What We're Looking For The main function of the Technical Operations Analyst will be to provide overall governance of tools, systems, and cross-functional processes used within the department. This position is responsible for ensuring that support staff have the appropriate access to internal business systems and confirming that those business systems are set up in a way to support our business needs. The Technical Operations Analyst will also perform a variety of project management duties, including disseminating project information to stakeholders, monitoring the achievement of project activities, developing and maintaining deliverables, gathering data as applicable, and driving the project to produce outcomes. Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To Oversee system & process governance within the department Responsible for proper system setup of local user profiles and permissions across all systems Gather and prioritize user requirements and issues to evolve systems to support departmental needs Work cooperatively with the Technology teams to manage projects by setting expectations and priorities, interacting with decision-makers and making sure all agreed upon deliverables are met Understand and document the functional aspect of existing or new automation and workflow Manage periodic review of system access for reasonableness Participate in quality assurance and user acceptance testing for system updates and system configuration changes. Coordinate with Technology teams during the launch of new programs to ensure systems are set up properly Drive operational excellence, stability, and scale by observing strict change control, data governance and release management Create and manage internal communications and resources regarding system updates Other duties as assigned Things That Should Be in Your Background Bachelor’s degree required. 3 or more years of experience with at least one year of experience in a technical administrator, business analyst or project coordinator role Proven technical and configuration knowledge of integrated business systems Technical experience with Salesforce Experience soliciting, gathering and analyzing user input and requirements Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role Ability to use Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint to identify, solve and communicate results. Effective data analysis and interpretation skills Strong attention to detail, decision making and problem-solving skills Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change. Excellent time management skills Ability to work with a diverse team in a fast-paced environment Consistently approaches work with energy and a positive, constructive attitude; About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU) 2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com. 2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same. Why It’s Great to Work at 2U 2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer. Benefits 2U offers a comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental and vision coverage Life insurance, disability and 401(k) Unlimited snacks and drinks Generous paid leave policies Tuition reimbursement program Spontaneous dance parties No Asshole policy Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. 2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.