Are you looking for an exciting career at one of the top Aerospace and Defense companies? A fulfilling position that challenges your mind, grows your skills, and contributes to our Nation’s most critical missions is waiting for you! At Lockheed Martin Space, we advance the frontiers of science, help militaries protect what matters most, and solve problems that others think are impossible. We have challenging missions that will inspire and innovate! We are seeking an Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) to join the Symphony program’s Database Core Team, providing database support in King of Prussia, PA. You will be an integral part of a team responsible for implementing and maintaining databases across multiple environments and geographic locations. We are looking for teammates with outstanding interpersonal skills, who can multitask and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to work in a team environment and interface daily with development and test teams. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. A successful candidate for DBA on the Database Core Team will have experience with Oracle database management, configuration, and monitoring. Will provide support for the distribution of database changes to environments on multiple software baselines. Perform audits of database structure and content, assisting in resolution of discrepancies. Assist software teams in refining and tuning database queries. Review database designs and integration of systems; make recommendations regarding enhancements and/or improvements. Maintain security and integrity controls; account administration; monitor transaction activity and utilization. Environment management (Manipulation of data and structure for dev, test and ops) Transition planning (development, test, stage, production) Development and maintenance of tools/scripts used in support of the above. This position is located in our King of Prussia, PA facility which has numerous amenities such as a fitness center and cafeteria! One of the largest malls in the country is near this facility and the City of Philadelphia, New York City, and the Washington Metro Area are within drivable distance. Employees enjoy great benefits such as health, vision, dental, 401K, paid time off, and flexible work schedules. Applicants selected will be subject to government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Come join us at Lockheed Martin! Desired Skills: Experience with the following: Oracle GoldenGate experience Installing and configuring Oracle 12c, including multi-tenant configuration Familiarity with managing multiple baselines and configuration management Building/rebuilding tables and indexes and other database objects Database account and security administration Perl Scripting Database modeling using tools such as ER/Studio or an equivalent Oracle performance tuning Willing to learn additional databases, operating systems, and related tools Willing to split time across two or more programs BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Design/development/administration of Oracle databases, preferably Oracle 12c Oracle Database Tools (SQLPlus, DataPump, SQL Developer, etc.) Experience working in Linux/Unix environments Scripting experience Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.