Job Summary: Who we are. We’re fans who help fans everywhere get into the live events they love. A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favorite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think _that’s_ pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you. Why you should work with us. Our biggest investment is in our people. We offer comprehensive health benefits and 401k matching, student loan assistance, plus career-boosting opportunities like tuition reimbursement and targeted development sessions to help all eligible employees thrive. At Ticketmaster, expect the fast-paced excitement of a startup with the rock-solid support from an industry leader – with plenty of ticket perks on the side. See what it’s like working at Ticketmaster. Ticketmaster is hiring highly technical Infrastructure Engineers and Architects to help design, develop, and manage our hybrid cloud. You will deliver proof-of-concept projects, topical workshops, and lead implementation projects. We are looking for architects who focus on delivering architectures that are well governed, secure, and easy to manage. OPEN TO REMOTE - WORK FROM HOME Basic Qualifications 5+ or more years of IT implementation experience BS level technical degree or equivalent experience required Experience interacting with customers in-person and remotely, driving discussions with senior personnel regarding trade-offs, standard methodologies, project management and risk mitigation Experience supporting infrastructure services across datacenter and public cloud offerings Experience supporting large-scale Linux infrastructure across public cloud and private data centers Experience with software development life cycle (SDLC) and agile/iterative methodologies required Experience with balancing self-service freedom against enterprise grade governance and controls. Experience with IT compliance and risk management requirements (eg. security, PCI compliance, privacy etc.) Ability to Automate Infrastructure Automation through scripting (Python, Terraform, GoLang preferred) Preferred Qualifications Computer Science or Math background preferred; Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges Knowledge of the primary AWS services (EC2, ELB, RDS, Route53 & S3) desired Experience implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing environments desired Experience with highly-available and fault-tolerant enterprise and web-scale software deployments desired Configuration management using Terraform and Ansible desired Strong practical Linux-based systems administration skills in a Cloud or Virtualized environment desired Experience leading data center operations, including data assurance, monitoring, alerting and notifications desired Equal Employment Opportunity Ticketmaster strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), family and medical care leave or the denial of family and medical care leave, mental or physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, political affiliation, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship, race, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, and gender expression, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, rule, ordinance or regulation. We will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, for applicants in Los Angeles, California, and consistent with applicable laws in other areas. Hiring Practices The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Ticketmaster recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Ticketmaster may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms.