Job: IT/Information Systems Primary Location: United States-California-US-CA-Sunnyvale Schedule: Full-time Requisition ID: 181756 Description Company Description: Who is Intuitive Surgical? The numbers tell an amazing story. Learn more about our company. Joining Intuitive Surgical means joining a team dedicated to using technology to benefit patients by improving surgical efficacy and decreasing surgical invasiveness, with patient safety as our highest priority. Primary Function of Position: Person will be responsible for providing production and system support to the Customer Service department. This includes identifying, analyzing, testing, and developing new business system solutions in ERP and CRM. Working with process owners and end users to identify continuous improvement opportunities and develop solutions to support process effectiveness and efficiencies. Individual will also be responsible for representing department on assigned projects throughout their respective lifecycles. Roles and Responsibilities: This position has responsibility and authority to: Provide operational support to Customer Service department end users for daily functional responsibilities Maintain system tables, configuration, and/or master data Analyze end users’ needs and requests and identify/recommend solutions using system standards and best practices Analyze production issues to determine root cause and provide recommendations to the IT development team Partner with IT and other cross-functional teams to resolve system issues and to define/develop future business requirements for any new system enhancement or process Monitor, track, resolve, and escalate (as appropriate) system/application issues reported by end users Evaluate metrics and processes to recommend productivity and efficiency improvements/enhancements while maintaining quality Create and develop user requirements, functional specifications, and test plans Conduct integration and user acceptance testing and provide guidance on new process Create and maintain training documentation for business processes Provide operational and business system training to end users Document and maintain standard operating procedures and associated reference documentation for key processes. Document and implement best practices for business processes Develop complex reports for data analysis and trending Qualifications Skill/Job Requirements: Competency Requirements: (Competency is based on education, training, skills and experience). In order to adequately perform the responsibilities of this position the individual must have: Bachelor’s degree required from an accredited institution 5+ years relevant work experience in Customer Support environment preferred 2+ years of experience working in order management, service support, or training support in medical device preferred Strong attention to detail and organizational skills is required Effective analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills required Ability to work independently, multitask, and prioritize duties Must be capable to work effectively in cross-functional project teams Proficient understanding of CRM systems (SAP, NetSuite, Salesforce, etc.) Proficient understanding of ERP business systems (SAP, Oracle, etc.) Strong understanding of Sales, Finance, Manufacturing, Quality, and Regulatory business processes Experience working with EDI and Business Analysis/Reporting tools (SAP BI, Tableau, etc.) are preferred Proficient in all Microsoft Office applications Candidate must have strong oral and written communication skills, as well as strong interpersonal skills. Ability to travel 5-10% including weekends and evenings We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws. LI-CR1