Job Code 403033 Staff Assistant III Duties & Responsibilities Reporting to the Director of Technology Transactions, this position assists in the coordination of OTD’s agreement processing functions. Utilizing a central departmental system, the position will be primarily responsible for performing a broad range of projects, assignments, and administrative/clerical duties, including the interpretation, preparation, entry, editing, and reporting of data related to executed agreements. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Supports the internal approval process for sponsored research agreements, which includes coordinating with multiple University stakeholders and the OTD transactions team to ensure research proposals are compliant with Harvard research policies. Supports the management of OTD’s relationships with University research administration offices, including account set-up with University research administration offices, and tracks and manages execution of sponsored research agreements, and uploading to University database Supports the management and execution of license agreements Serves as primary contact and liaison on obtaining all signatures from agreement parties Inputs data from department agreement intake form Reviews, edits, and maintains a variety of data records in central system Answers inquiries and provides information to supervisor and other OTD staff on an as needed basis Prepares, or assists in preparing, various administrative reports Performs tasks for special projects, as assigned Assists with general office support tasks, as needed This is a 5-year TERM position Basic Qualifications Three or more years of related or similar experience. Education beyond high school may count towards experience. Competency using a variety of computer software including: word-processing, data entry, spreadsheet and database software knowledge and experience. Additional Qualifications College degree strongly preferred. Must be flexible, detail oriented, and able to prioritize and handle multiple tasks simultaneously. Must be self-motivated and committed to working as part of a team. Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills. Demonstrates sound judgment in applying established procedures correctly and in determining when to refer problems to the supervisor. Additional Information This is a 5-year TERM position Job Function General Administration Sub-Unit Office of the President and Provost Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department OTD Time Status Full-time Union 55 - Hvd Union Cler & Tech Workers Salary Grade 053 Appointment End Date 14-May-2023 Pre-Employment Screening Criminal, Identity Schedule Full-time, Monday through Friday, 35 hours per/wk EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.