Business Intelligence Analyst (Associate, Mid-Level, or Senior) Why Work For Credit Acceptance? Credit Acceptance is rapidly-expanding our IT department with a variety of dynamic opportunities. Our culture has landed us on Computerworld’s list of the Best Places to Work in IT. In each of the last 5 years, we have held a spot in the top 5 for mid-sized companies nationwide. In addition, we are also proud to say over the last 5 years we have been named one of Fortune Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our team members and culture create a positive workplace that drives us to succeed, making Credit Acceptance one of the largest used car finance companies nationally. We offer a great work environment, awesome team members, competitive benefits, progressive career opportunities, a casual dress code and we work hard to ensure every team member is empowered to work to their fullest potential. Credit Acceptance offers team members: The opportunity to work with progressive tools, and technology including the latest database, development, storage, and computer technologies available Extensive growth opportunities as demonstrated by our track record of promoting internally An atmosphere that is collaborative, challenging, and filled with forward thinking team members Ongoing business training and career development opportunities Strong work-life balance with generous PTO beginning on day 1 Competitive market-based salary with quarterly profit sharing and annual merit bonuses Excellent benefits package that includes 401(K) match, adoption assistance, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive medical/dental/vision along with additional benefits that make us a great place to work We are hiring a within our Business Information Systems Department . Responsibilities in your area will include: Gather and Document Requirements: Work with the business on gathering requirements and translating those into technical documentation for developers to use Assess and document data quality issues and propose solutions for anomalies Catalog business definitions and data anomalies Continuously work to increase dependability, reliability and timeliness of Data Warehouse products Provide Ad Hoc Analysis: produce information and provide immediate analysis to solve business problems Attendance as required by the department All other duties as assigned Position Requirements: Associate : Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, mathematics, economics, finance, physics, etc.) or equivalent experience Remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines Work onsite at the required CA work location Mid-Level : Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, mathematics, economics, finance, physics, etc.) or equivalent experience 2+ years of experience in a Business Analyst role Remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines Senior : Bachelor’s Degree Minimum of 5 years’ experience in Business Analyst or related role Experience documenting user requirements (e.g., maintenance request or SOW) QA Testing experience Participate in a (24X7) on-call rotation where you will be responsible to monitor production failure notifications and resolve issues. Experience leading 2+ end-to-end project implementations as a BA Remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines Work onsite at the required CA work location Preferred: Associate : Experience using tools like Toad, SQL Developer, OBIEE, etc Skill in SQL or other related programming languages Knowledge of Data Warehousing concepts and relational databases, DW best practices Advanced knowledge in Microsoft Office Suite Project Management experience Mid-Level : Experience using programming tools like Toad, SQL Developer, OBIEE, etc Skill in SQL or other related programming languages Knowledge of Data Warehousing concepts and relational databases, DW best practices Advanced knowledge in Microsoft Office Suite Project Management experience Senior : Project Management experience; PMP certification Strong understanding of Financial Services Industry Experience with both “Off the Shelf” and “Home Grown” technologies Experience with Business Intelligence software (OBIEE, Cognos, MS SSRS) Experience and knowledge of Business Intelligence processes and best practices Knowledge of Data Warehousing and relational databases best practices SAS, SQL, or other related programming languages Knowledge and Skills: Convey complex information in a timely and easily understood manner throughout all levels of the organization. Customer focused, always having the customer and company’s best interest in mind. Respond promptly and effectively to problems, projects and tasks. Organized, with ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple requests. Able to gain trust of others and build relationships, both across and vertically, throughout the organization Demonstrate initiative by being proactive in work duties and making recommendations as opportunities arise Self-driven, motivated to help, and able to perform with minimal supervision in a team environment Work well with abstract concepts Company Values: To be successful in this role, Team Members need to demonstrate the characteristics of PRIDE in their work: Positive : Maintain a positive attitude by focusing on solutions and promoting a collaborative and enjoyable environment. Respectful : Value teamwork, share successes, appreciates others and communicates in a way that promotes trust. Insightful : Make timely well-considered decisions, create innovative solutions and continuously learn. Direct : Communicate clearly and objectively; don’t be afraid of difficult conversations. Raise concerns through the proper channels. Earnest : Be honest, sincere and consistent. Work hard and pursue our goals together relentlessly. Required degrees must have been earned at institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent. Credit Acceptance is an equal opportunity employer.