Overview At Spacelabs Healthcare, we are on a mission to provide continuous innovation in healthcare technology for better clinical and economic outcomes. Our scalable solutions deliver critical patient data across local and remote systems, enable better-informed decisions, increase efficiencies, and create a safer environment for patients. Why work at Spacelabs? Because lives depend on you! This position is focused on supporting systems related to Quality and operational activities. S/he is responsible for configuring CATSWeb application to develop solutions to meet business requirements. Solutions must conform to company standards, policies, and QMS objectives, and take advantage of emerging trends and technologies in the industry. Responsibilities Ensure that CATSWeb applications meet user needs. Identify business and information needs, and develop appropriate business solutions, working closely with internal and external developers. Provide system administration to ensure day-to-day functionality of CATSWeb; maintain and improve the usage of the CATSWeb application. Perform day-to-day system administration functions for the CATSWeb tool. Perform business analysis of functional requirements to identify information, procedures and decision flow. Perform data mapping, acceptance testing and end-user documentation. Responsible for maintaining data integrity and data accuracy. Provide guidance to users and the help desk to guarantee exceptional support. Provide ad hoc reports and metrics for users as needed. Uphold the Company’s core values of Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, and Teamwork. Demonstrate behavior consistent with the Company’s Code of Ethics and Conduct. It is the responsibility of every Spacelabs Healthcare employee to report to their manager or a member of senior management any quality problems or defects in order for corrective action to be implemented and to avoid recurrence of the problem. Duties may be modified or assigned at any time to meet the needs of the business. Qualifications BS/BA in Computer Science or Business Administration or equivalent work experience. 3+ years experience with experience developing and managing databases. Experience with CATSWeb /QMS tools will be a plus Experience with Business Intelligence Tools / SSRS will be a plus. Solid understanding of how business applications works. Good understanding of relational databases. Ability to understand potentially complex business and information flow needs and translate them into efficient, cost-effective solutions. Familiarity with reporting tools and data warehousing concepts. Ability to manage multiple priorities within demanding timeframes. Project management and problem-solving skills. Excellent communication and customer service skills, especially when dealing with business users. Must be able to complete job responsibilities working with different time zones such as attending late night/early morning meetings by phone and/or web to meet global business needs Strong interpersonal skills and experience in dealing at all levels of a networked organization. Equal Opportunity Employer EEO is the Law Poster Link: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf _OSI Systems, Inc. has three operating divisions: (a) Security, providing security and inspection systems, turnkey security screening solutions and related services; (b) Healthcare, providing patient monitoring, diagnostic cardiology and anesthesia systems; and (c) Optoelectronics and Manufacturing, providing specialized electronic components and electronic manufacturing services for original equipment manufacturers with applications in the defense, aerospace, medical and industrial markets, among others._