Moody’s Analytics is a leading independent provider of economic, financial, country, and industry research designed to meet the diverse planning and information needs of businesses, governments, and professional investors worldwide. This is a part time position (less than 20 hours a week). The Data Entry Administrator tasks include: Executing updates to our time-series database via automated routines or manual data entry. Updating our SQL meta data repository with documentation Maintaining our Economic Calendar by monitoring websites, email distribution lists, and direct contact with data vendors. Producing reports consisting of tables and charts for Quality Assurance and Client Use Communicating results and feedback on a daily basis to manager Job Req ID 13598BR City West Chester Regular/Temporary Regular Entity Moody's Analytics (MA) Line of Business CS Econ & Consumer Credit (CS ECON AND CONS CRED) Qualifications Qualifications Excellent typing/keyboarding skills Strong sense of urgency and motivation to follow through to completion, quickly and accurately. Functions with a high level of accuracy. Good organizational and communication skills Ability to work on tight deadlines High School Diploma required; some college coursework a plus especially in the fields of Economics, Statistics, or Business. Department/Team Economics Data Services Job Category Credit Analysis & Research Job Sub Category Economists Experience Level Entry Level Working at Moody's Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $4.2 billion in 2017, employs approximately 11,900 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 41 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com. EEO Policy Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com.. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law. Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law. Securities Trading Policy (STP) Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary.