Provide technical and architectural oversight and guidance to TV Distribution Contract Management, Financial/ERP, Integrations and all custom development activities. Represent NBCU’s interests in system implementation design and development. Validate and sign off on all technical requirements Partner with 3rd party consultants to design data migration strategy and reconciliation process Provide guidance and direction to QA activities including automation and regression testing Be the overall technical product owner Estimate development efforts, allocate tasks and schedule resources Identify resource and equipment requirements and efficient capacity planning Interview candidates and hire resources Provide technical training to teams when required and serve as a technical mentor to team members Monitor the market to gain knowledge and understanding of currently emerging technologies. Identifies new and emerging hardware and software technologies and products based on own area of expertise, Assesses their relevance and potential value to the organization, Contributes to briefings of staff and management. Qualifications/Requirements 15+ Years of technology experience with leading roles in architecting, developing and deploying custom and off the shelf software solutions. Hands on experience architecting and deploying cloud solutions. Proficient in AWS and Azure technologies Must have high degree of computer literacy and advanced knowledge of software tools relevant to this role First-rate written and oral communication; and the ability to build strong relationships quickly Able to communicate complex technical concepts to multiple audiences Detail orientated but ability to see the big picture and priorities accordingly Team player with a strong work ethic but able to work effectively without close supervision Proactive, with the confidence to assess a situation and take action Ability to demonstrate strong negotiating skills and a track record of sound business decisions and good judgment calls Ability to collaborate effectively and manage relationships with key internal and external clients Confident and assured in circumstances where there are complex /contentious issues and conflicts of interest. To remain robust in the face of unreceptive contacts. To possess the resilience to sustain performance under such pressures. Desired Characteristics Extensive experience in Media & Entertainment, working at or supporting major studios Combine strong technical acumen with clear communication and stakeholder leadership to define strategic direction, drive product requirements, and manage tradeoffs on all technology development Be able to deal with ambiguity and make quality decisions in a dynamic, fast- paced environment Ability to articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical addressees Able to work independently, plan workloads and deliver on commitments Personally driven to utilize both proven and unique solutions to address business problems until issue is resolved Sub-Business Technology Career Level Experienced City Universal City State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.