Custom Computer Specialists, Inc. is looking for a motivated Education BI Analyst to join our team in Hauppauge NY! Custom Computer Specialists, Inc. is the 1 Education Software Firm on Long Island now celebrating 35 years in business! We continue to successfully provide student information software and data services to our valued clients in the Northeast. Our focus is simple...our goal is to make student data software easy to use and to help our clients use it as effectively as possible. The _Education Business Intelligence Analyst_ designs and builds data visualization solutions using Tableau. The candidate must be capable of working with a diverse group of K12 stakeholders performing high level and detailed analysis of student information, defining and writing programs using Tableau and other data visualization tools. Additionally, the candidate will perform system integration and deployment activities, prepare system support documentation, document program and system functions, and conduct regular online data visualization forum meetings. Job Description: Design, development, testing and deployment of dashboards using Tableau. Leverage advanced Tableau functionality (parameters, actions, tooltip modifications, API, etc.) to create meaningful and industry appropriate analytical dashboards. Develop a strong understanding of business requirements; working with business users/ business analysts to define technical and process requirements. Build effective working relationships with all clients. Develop and deliver training classes to be delivered at Hauppauge or at client locations. Job Requirements 3-5 years of experience with BI software (Tableau or similar BI tools) 3-5 years IT and Business Intelligence experience Proven experience delivering Business Intelligence solutions. Hands on experience with MS SQL Understanding of development, and Data warehouse Data Modeling Excellent problem solving, design, debugging, and testing skills Ability to work with multiple different personality types while managing work load within a fast paced, energetic, and dynamic workplace K12 experience a plus, Infinite Campus experience a plus 10~15% travel required Custom Computer Specialists Offers: Competitive salaries Comprehensive benefits including: Medical and dental plans Company Paid Vision and Short and long term disability plans Flexible spending programs including Healthcare, Dependent Care, Transit and Parking 401K with employer match Tuition reimbursement Onsite Fitness Center (or gym membership reimbursement for client based employees) Company paid life Insurance Paid holidays and vacation Technical certification gift card rewards program Apply now: https://chk.tbe.taleo.net/chk01/ats/careers/v2/viewRequisition?org=CUSTOMONLINE &cws=37&rid=1793 Custom Computer Specialists is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other protected characteristic. CCS