The Sr. Business Analyst is a key facilitator within an organization, acting as a bridge between the client, stakeholders and the web application development solution team. Responsible for identifying the business needs of his or her clients and stakeholders to help determine web based solutions to business problems. Responsible for requirements development and management. Specifically, responsible for producing, analyzing, validating and documenting business, organizational and/or operational requirements in the web application space. Web Business analysis includes but is not limited to financial analysis, quality assurance, organizational development, testing, training, and documentation development. The Sr. Business Analyst works within a team to ensure that all business requirements are addressed in the implementation of a given product, project or effort. HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS I. Provide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values: INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do. COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs. ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions. RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value. EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate. II. Focuses on patient/customer safety III. Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards IV. Provides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words) V. Intentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met VI. Involves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Duties and Responsibilities are cross-referenced to Houston Methodist¿s Pillars of Excellence and will be transferred to the Performance Evaluation. PEOPLE 25% 1\. Works with team members within the assigned project, and/or department effort. 2\. Engages and interfaces with stakeholders within or outside the organization. 3\. Fosters relationships and engages in regular communications within the department, IT and the organization at large. 4\. Leads Discovery and Analysis phase of projects and efforts. 5\. Leads requirements elicitation workshops. 6\. Negotiates priorities and resolves conflicts between customers, technologists and management. FINANCE 10% 1\. Utilize department resources and supplies effectively. 2\. Identify cost saving or revenue opportunities by engaging in process improvement efforts. 3\. Manage time effectively to meet established and committed deadlines. 4\. Prioritize and problem solve a variety and multiplicity of tasks to ensure timely and accurate completion. QUALITY/SAFETY 35% 1\. Translates functional, non-functional and user requirements. 2\. Represent requirements information in graphical forms that augment textual representations in natural language. 3\. Creates requirements plans that directly translate into project planning.Identify and document requirement risks along with risk mitigation. 4\. Facilitate requirement gathering meetings and/or workshops. 5\. Facilitate the prioritization of requirements into a product maturity roadmap. SERVICE 15% 1\. Respond promptly to internal and external customer requests. 2\. Strive to meet and exceed patients¿ and coworkers¿ expectations. 3\. Mentor and guide team members in achieving standards set by management in order to exceeds clients expectations. GROWTH/INNOVATION 15% 1\. Stay abreast of emerging technology, process trends and methodologies. 2\. Pursue knowledge of new technologies that improve productivity, workflow, production, efficiency, and effectiveness. 3\. Seek out innovative methodologies that provide solutions to new ideas, trends, and concepts. This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree in MIS, Business or pertinent to the position. CBAP or PMP certification highly desired EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 8+ years experience in business analysis 4+ years working experience with information technology solution teams and client stakeholders on business development projects 4+ years as a lead business analyst/facilitator 4+ years experience in clinical and financial operations in a hospital environment. Knowledge of clinical and financial operations in a hospital environment a plus. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED Ability to talk with individuals and groups about their needs and ask the right questions to surface essential requirements information. Analytical Skills: The ability to critically evaluate the information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a more general understanding, distinguish presented user requests from the underlying true needs, and distinguish solution ideas from requirements. Facilitation Skills: The ability to engage customers and technicians for the purpose of extracting discussion, ideas, opinions, and general contribution in individual settings, meetings, or to lead requirements elicitation workshops. Writing Skills: The ability to communicate information effectively to customers, marketing, managers, and technical staff. Organizational Skills: The ability to work with a vast array of information gathered during elicitation and analysis and to cope with rapidly changing information and priorities. Strong Interpersonal Skills Problem Solving / Reasoning Skills: The ability to balance theory and practical reality in data warehousing methods/approaches. Ability to work independently and take initiative. Knowledge of healthcare operations desired. Knowledge and appreciation of business concepts and requirements as applicable to a large academic, research, and/or healthcare facility a plus. Experience with MS Project a plus