Performs specialized, skilled and/or paraprofessional work for a full range of services including circulation, technical services, reference, children's services and technology. This is the second of three Library Assistant levels and is distinguished by the skilled level of reference services provided and the higher level of responsibility coordinating functional areas or programs. This position is currently housed in the Main Library located at 5959 W. Brown. Essential Functions: Provides general reference, reader's advisory and other information services in person and by phone. Assists patrons with basic reference materials, research strategies, and the use and operation of computer terminals, library reference tools, on-line computer catalog, electronic databases (OCLC), printers and other library resources. Develops and conducts special programs, events and activities, such as book sales, Interlibrary loans, Books-Through-Mail, tours; library skills sessions, story times, and programs and presentations on and off site to community and school groups. May create brochures, announcements, informational materials to advertise and promote library activities, events and services. Assists in developing, implementing and revising policies and procedures; recommends and implements new techniques, programs and services. Coordinates the library's interlibrary loan activities. Develops and implements meeting room policies and procedures, schedules and administers meeting room use. Assists in the selection of materials for purchase for the library collection. Researches and resolves patron complaints and problems regarding library materials and services. Assists patrons in registering for library services and library cards. Evaluates damaged library materials for repair or replacement and authorizes adjustments. Prepares bibliographies, bulletin boards and exhibits. Represents the library at professional meetings and conferences to provide and obtain materials and services and/or may participate in work task forces or committees. Evaluates donated materials and determines disposition. May open or close public library building, work with and/or train security and report security breaches. May provide mentoring and assistance to less experienced staff. Performs other related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications & Special Requirements: Associates Degree in a library science, or a related field and two years of professional library work experience. Knowledge of: Library policies, procedures, principles, functions, terminology, and materials Books, authors and materials in functional area Methods of circulation, collection development principles and practices, library ordering, deselection procedures Dewey Decimal System, Library of Congress subject headings, MARC record information. OCLC Multi-media equipment used in a library Bibliographic searches Skill in: Use of personal computers and on-line computer automated library systems Ability to: Communicate effectively verbally and in writing Establish effective working relationships with City staff and the general public and use tact and diplomacy Follow detailed procedures such as standard library cataloging and filing rules Learn and use automated library systems and databases Handle sensitive customer situations, resolve problems, and maintain a high level of customer service Train staff _Any equivalent combination of training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying._ _Special Requirements_ May be required to work evening, weekends and holidays. Physical Requirements: Work is performed in a functional area of the library with the employee expected to repetitively lift and move library books.