richText fieldLabel Job Description uitype 5501 value BI Designer Analyst Austin, TX W-2 Contract, 12+ months No C2C available for this position. Ambonare, Inc. is currently seeking a BI Designer Analyst on a W-2 contract basis to support one of our clients. The BI Designer Analyst will align with the teams involved in the Redundancy Elimination (Red El) Project and seek a deep understanding of their process/technical challenges. This person will also be responsible for providing analysis, developing global standard reporting, and managing delivery of critical metrics and reports/dashboards to drive focused and impactful Red El discussions. This role will mostly work in the new “data lake” systems using Teradata, Informatica, and Tableau; however, there may also need to be some prototyping in other tools like SSAS and Excel. Key Responsibilities: 1. Proactively builds relationships with strategic business partners and end users 2. Works with Global Red EI team to translate informational needs into meaningful business requirement documents 3. Interviews end users to determine requirements for data, reports, analyses, metadata, training, service levels, data quality, and performance 4. Recommends appropriate scope of requirements 5. Works with data analysts/modelers and ETL specialists to uncover the appropriate sources of data for a proposed application or data extension 6. Works with data stewards to evaluate the condition of data sources, prioritize integration road maps, and define appropriate improvements 7. Works closely with data analysts/modelers to define appropriate logical models that accurately reflect existing business processes 8. Helps prototype/assess potential solutions 9. Translates requirements into technical solutions 10. Manages delivery of data, and reports/dashboards until such time as delivery can be productionalized 11. Validates that data solution meets requirements and service-level agreements 12. Perform ad-hoc analysis to answer business questions 13. Coordinate reviews Key Competencies: 1. Strong analytic aptitude 2. Strong interpersonal and communication skills 3. Solid organizational and planning skills 4. Ability to work independently 5. Ability to translate business needs into relevant BI and analytics via data analysis and manipulation 6. Ability to provide ad-hoc analysis to answer business questions and present to business users effectively 7. Knowledge of key data warehousing and standardized reporting principles 8. Ability to work cross-functionally and be seen as a value-adding business partner Experience & Qualifications: 1. Education: Bachelor degree or equivalent experience in analytics and reporting discipline 2. Experience using data warehouse or analytics and reporting tools for business purposes 3. Demonstrated ability to analyze all types of data and present results effectively 4. Technical: Tableau, SQL, Teradata and/or Microsoft SSAS 5. Experience with analysis of RD&E, Material Master, and/or Supply Optimization