Software Development Engineer, Full Stack – Entry-Level Full-Time & Co-Op With sophisticated threats compromising valuable data from “secure” data centers that have been transformed by cloud computing, companies are urgently looking for modern security solutions to their ever-evolving problem in the world of cloud. vArmour is focused on providing that solution. We deliver simple and intuitive application security across hybrid clouds. Based in Mountain View, CA, vArmour is backed by top investors including Highland Capital Partners, Menlo Ventures, Columbus Nova Technology Partners, Work- Bench Ventures, Allegis Capital, Redline Capital, and Telstra. We work in an entrepreneurial, creative, and collaborative environment, presenting you with an incredibly steep learning curve and a consistent challenge. There are development opportunities at your fingertips and a culture overflowing with mentorship. Not to mention - our disruptive, proven technology is being used in some of the world’s largest financial institutions & telecommunications companies. If you have a passion for pushing your own limits and are eager to make a difference on a winning team, you might be the person we are looking for! What You'll Be Doing Own, design and implement new product features Improve and scale existing product and infrastructure Work closely with CTO, product architects and other engineers to deliver winning products Work on all parts of the code-base and contribute to every stage of the product development cycle Conduct research aimed at solving our customers’ most challenging problems Work in a fun, team environment with other software and quality engineers What You'll Bring Curiosity A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or comparable – Graduate-level co-ops also available Have professional/academic experience, like a professional internship or graduate research, in software engineering building full stack software applications Have familiarity with the following (the more the better): Python, Java, databases (SQL, MongoDB, Graph DB, etc.), message oriented middleware (such as Kafka), web application frameworks such as Flask, networking, Linux, containers, ML principles and full stack is a plus! A passion to build a career in cloud security... with vArmour! Are adaptable in a fast-paced, high-growth, chaotic environment Possess strong interpersonal and effective written communication skills Take ownership of your work and thrive in a fast-paced environment A willingness to ask questions to bring your project to the finish line Love programming, utilizing critical thinking skills, and are excited to tackle problems outside your comfort zone Thrive in a fun, sometimes competitive, team-based atmosphere – Go vARMOUR! Perks 401K, full health benefits (health, vision, dental, FSA) & transportation benefits Competitive compensation, equity plan, and flexible PTO Relocation assistance available Weekly catered lunches & dinners, and all the snacks, fruits and drinks you might desire Prime, walkable location on Castro Street in Mountain View, conveniently close to CalTrain, VTA and light rail.