Job Summary: As part of the NextBus data science team you’ll build information-rich data products using cutting-edge techniques and technologies to solve transportation related challenges and problems. You’ll be leveraging machine learning, data modeling, and statistical modeling techniques to deliver new capabilities to the NextBus platform. You’ll add your strong problem solving and analytic skills to collaborate on data-focused projects and identify non- obvious relationships between disparate data sources. You’ll work under general supervision and regularly exercise discretionary and substantial decision-making authority. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities: Works with the data science team and stakeholders in an agile environment to address business challenges by harnessing structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in a distributed processing environment. Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. Develops software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Prepares and delivers presentations that effectively describe complex quantitative methods in clear and concise communications. Keeps up to date with technical as well as industry developments, analytics software/tools, trends, and recognized best practices. Contributes to projects under the direction of project and product owners to adhere to funding, resourcing, schedule, and other constraints. Minimum Job Requirements: Four-year college degree, in statistics, economics, physics, mathematics, operations research, computer science, data engineering, or related field; Experience with machine learning, data modeling, data integration, data mining, statistical modeling, and general data science best practices. Experience with Python, R, Jupyter Notebooks, Git and SQL in a Linux environment. Experience using exploratory data analysis methodology in creating and implementing machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, clustering, decision trees, markov chains, monte carlo, kalman filters, scenario analysis and neural networks Experience with cloud services including AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform and Bluemix. Ability to collect data using XML and REST APIs . Experience in visualizing data to stakeholders in a simple and concise manner through visualization software such as Tableau, Domo, ggplot, D3, Qlikview, Leaflet, etc. ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Experience with real-time transit data such as GTFS-RT, SIRI, OrbCAD Experience with transit schedule data such as GTFS Experience with signal processing techniques Requires fundamental knowledge and experience developing algorithms and analytics applications. Must have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, attention to details, critical thinking ability, and creativity. Must be able to abstract from ambiguous and sometimes conflicting information to identify opportunities for improvement and the critical business drivers and factors that influence outcomes. Must have demonstrated ability to produce high quality analytics applications that can be deployed in a repeatable and scalable fashion. Requires strong knowledge of statistics, signal processing, machine learning, predictive analytics, and other related techniques. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills used to effectively communicate and present complex information in terms appropriate to the audience. Incumbent will have well-developed research skills and knowledge of current data management principles, procedures, and other tools of the trade. Must be able to manage and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously while balancing according to scope, budget and schedule. Prior experience working in the transportation or logistics industries desired. _The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need._ Worker Type: Employee