Envoy Air Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the American Airlines Group. With more than 16,000 employees, Envoy is the largest provider of regional flight service to American Airlines. Flying under the American Eagle brand and livery, Envoy provides ground handling services for many American Airlines flights. The Company was founded in 1998 as American Eagle Airlines, Inc. and in 2014, changed its name to Envoy Air Inc. Envoy is headquartered within the Dallas metropolitan area in Irving, TX with large operations in Dallas/Fort Worth, Chicago, Miami, New York, and Los Angeles. At Envoy, we go beyond transporting people from one destination to another. Our goal for employees is to take you where you want to go - whether a short-term stay or a lifelong career. Are you ready for take-off? The People Services (PS) Consultant is the primary liaison between Field Services, their respective leadership teams and People Services centers of expertise. This role is critical in executing strategic people initiatives, providing great internal customer support/service, and driving PS functional excellence and process improvement, as well as identifying HR solutions and strategies needed to support the business unit specifically. Responsibility Areas HR Consultant and Business Partner Creates trusted relationships with leaders by demonstrating credibility in the full spectrum of HR and Operational principles, and exceptional interpersonal skills. Consults and advises managers on the HR processes to ensure understanding, compliance, and successful implementation of all programs and initiatives. Possesses the ability to solve complex organizational issues and coordinates across the PS to ensure integration of key initiatives and programs. Build leadership capability within field services. Improve associate performance through increased engagement and retention of key talent. Ensure the business is well positioned to overcomes challenges and for future growth. Ensure seamless, efficient delivery of all HR programs and services. Uses HR/business analytics and metrics to proactively identify gaps, and propose and implement changes necessary. Partner with field management on employee relations best practices to include investigations, performance management and other employment matters. Travel 25-30% Build and Develop Organizational Capabilities (Talent Management/Organizational Consulting) Partners with field managers in support of development and retention efforts for our key and high performing talent to ensure we have the capability to maintain and grow our business. Acts as coach and mentor to managers and high performing associates as it pertains to their overall career development and progression. Works with managers to ensure performance management is being effectively employed in support of our high performance culture. Job Requirements Key Required Skills Strong functional HR knowledge and skills. Demonstrated expertise in HR best practices. Ability to conduct and manage complex investigations and recommend action; provide counsel and recommendations to supervisors and managers in matters of employee conduct, performance, corrective and disciplinary action, consistent with company policies and applicable federal and state labor laws. The ability to deliver results. Understands business goals and is able to recommend new approaches, policies and procedures to effect continual improvements in business objectives and productivity within the designated area of responsibility. Strong problem solving ability. Able to break down problems into fundamental parts, identify root causes and make informed decisions that lead to innovative solutions. Ability to quickly build trust and behave in a manner that is open and transparent. Ability to collaborate at all levels of the organization. Being an enthusiastic team player with a strong drive to create a positive work environment that enhances the employee experience. Excellent organizational, communication, emotional intelligence, and interpersonal skills. Ability to provide regular, consistent, and meaningful information to others. Position Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or related field, or equivalent combination of experience and education. 5 - 7 years of professional HR experience (experience in generalist, specialist and client-facing roles preferred) Knowledge of employment laws and regulations related to HR Demonstrated ability to use and manage data and HR analytics Ability to read, write, fluently speak and understand the English language Possess the legal right to work in the United States Position Preferences PHR or SHRM-CP a plus Additional Position Details Candidates must fulfill a fingerprint based criminal background check to qualify for unescorted access privileges to airport security identification display areas (SIDA), if applicable. Candidates must be able to secure appropriate airport authority and/or US Customs security badges, in addition to clearing other airport related requirements, if applicable. This position may be subject to the Department of Transportation (DOT). Federal law requires Envoy to determine a candidate’s history with the DOT drug and/or alcohol violation(s) or refusal(s) to test before hiring him/her into a safety-sensitive position. Envoy Air is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled. Travel 20 - 30%