Job Description Imagine yourself leading the design of innovative experiences that transform the learning culture of Visa. This is an incredible opportunity to shape some of the most highly visible initiatives inside one of the world’s most valuable brands, including strategic learning programs. About Us: We are a startup within a large global organization. We combine data, subject-matter expertise, intuition and common sense to develop the most effective solutions for the business. We like to prototype, launch and evaluate. We are comfortable learning from our mistakes. About You: Mindset and Attitude You are innovative, agile and care deeply about the learner experience. You are resilient, flexible and view false starts, changing priorities and constructive feedback as opportunities, not setbacks. You have a solutions-oriented approach and find challenges to be an energizing way to flex your creative problem-solving skills. You have a global mindset and are skilled at developing relationships across levels and geographies. Responsibilities: Employ agile development approaches and human-centered design to manage the creation of meaningful and effective learning experiences (including instructor-led, online, mobile, social, microlearning, gaming, and mixed reality). Collaborate with design partners, stakeholders, subject-matter experts and vendors to create and deliver exceptional learning experiences. Seamlessly incorporate recommendations based on evaluation data into the design and maintenance process. Conduct reviews to ensure quality of learning materials, experiences and programs. Curate and create online learning paths. Clearly articulate rationale for learning approaches based on sound learning science, adult learning principles, interoperability standards, web accessibility standards, and human-centered design. Create learning products that boost employee performance and happiness. Qualifications Qualifications Master’s Degree in Instructional Design and Technology, Learning Sciences, Adult Education, other related discipline, or equivalent education and experience. Five-plus years of experience designing innovative learning products for corporate clients. Deep knowledge of instructional design including needs assessment, participant and program evaluation, curriculum design and development. Demonstrated experience with design and development of innovative instructor-led training, eLearning, social learning, microlearning, learning games, virtual/augmented reality, etc. Expertise with effective use of technology in the classroom and the design of synchronous distance learning solutions, including video-conferencing, webinars, etc. Expertise leveraging agile product management principles to lead learning design projects. Ability to create high-impact instructional materials, technical and non-technical reports, presentations, and briefings. Demonstrated ability to influence peers, leaders and key stakeholders. Experience curating content. Proficient leveraging content-authoring tools (e.g. Articulate Storyline). Expertise with Learning Management Systems (LMS). Strong business acumen, analytical and problem-solving skills. Additional Information Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.