From Innovations to Solutions. Camelot Innovative Technologies Lab is the leading SAP consultancy for digital value chain management. With more than 20 years of experience we lead our customers in their digital transformation. Our capabilities range from the strategic dialogue around current challenges in the digital world to the implementation and support of innovative solutions. Professional Cloud Solutions Camelot offers dedicated architecture and development expertise in SAP Cloud Platform, SAP Leonardo and Open-Source. We combine new technologies intelligently into tailor-made solutions for all areas of the supply chain. Become part of our dynamic team developing innovative cloud solutions and characterizing ourselves through short decision paths and flat hierarchies. What's your future business? Preparation of the architecture for cloud solutions on the basis of SAP Portfolio Preparation of the architecture for blockchain solutions on the basis of our own framework Camelot Hypertrust Network Responsible participation in internal and external development projects with high innovation character Evaluation of new technologies and realization of corresponding prototypes Active support of internal knowledge management and collaboration in the development of competence centers Location: Conshohocken (PA) Who are you? Degree in computer science or a comparable course of study Very good knowledge of development methodology and web technologies as well as in-depth experience in at least one web-relevant script language (e.g. Node.js, PHP) Extensive experience in software design Ideally, specialized knowledge in HANA development and SAP Cloud Platform Specialized knowledge in blockchain development (Ethereum or Hyperledger) desirable Expertise in the implementation of current PaaS and IaaS platforms (e.g. Cloud Foundry, OpenStack) Excellent knowledge of English What do we believe in? Triggering innovation by collaboration – this is our mission. Consultancy is people business and knowledge is key. That is why we value our employees as much as our clients. Together, we develop skills mutually matching our visions and ideas by constantly learning, growing and innovating. Camelot colleagues take responsibility from the moment they join us. Entrepreneurial attitude is as important to us as strong teamwork, knowledge sharing, diversity and corporate social responsibility. How hungry are you?