Why Us? With a mantra of Empowering Human Potential, Hanger, Inc. is the world's premier provider of orthotic and prosthetic (O&P;) services and products, offering the most advanced O&P; solutions, clinically differentiated programs and unsurpassed customer service. Hanger's Patient Care segment is the largest owner and operator of O&P; patient care clinics nationwide. Through its Products & Services segment, Hanger distributes branded and private label O&P; devices, products and components, and provides rehabilitative solutions to the broader market. Built on the legacy of James Edward Hanger, the first amputee of the American Civil War, Hanger is steeped in 150 years of clinical excellence and innovation with a vision to be the partner of choice for products and services that enhance human physical capability. Collectively, Hanger employees touch thousands of lives each day, helping people achieve new levels of mobility and freedom. Hanger, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer - female/minority/disability/vet. Could This Be For You? With a mantra of _Empowering Human Potential_ , Hanger, Inc. is the world's premier provider of orthotic and prosthetic (O &P;) services and products, offering the most advanced O&P; solutions, clinically differentiated programs and unsurpassed customer service. Hanger's Patient Care segment is the largest owner and operator of O&P; patient care clinics nationwide. Through its Products & Services segment, Hanger distributes branded and private label O&P; devices, products and components, and provides rehabilitative solutions to the broader market. Built on the legacy of James Edward Hanger, the first amputee of the American Civil War, Hanger is steeped in 150 years of clinical excellence and innovation with a vision to be the partner of choice for products and services that enhance human physical capability. Collectively, Hanger employees touch thousands of lives each day, helping people achieve new levels of mobility and freedom. Hanger, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer - female/minority/disability/vet. Overview: Reporting to the VP, Enterprise Systems; the Manager of Enterprise Business Intelligence Solutions is responsible for overseeing and supporting the current and future state of Hanger’s reporting, analytics, data integration and data governance needs. The Manager is responsible for providing leadership in developing a strategy, roadmap and implementation plan. He/She is also responsible for the ongoing daily operational support needs in the Enterprise Business Intelligence area. The Manager will act as a spokesperson and an advocate to promote business intelligence and analytics best practices across. He/She will lead initiatives to design and build reporting tools, information dashboards, data generators and other end-user information portals or resources. He/She will advise business groups by providing technical and strategic reports that identify and address business issues and opportunities. Ensures that policies and procedures align with corporate vision. Selects, develops and evaluates personnel ensuring efficient operation of the function. Your Impact Accountable for delivery of all projects, programs and tactics covering all aspects of analytics delivery across Hanger (EDW, Master Data Management, Data Governance, Descriptive, Business Intelligence, Reporting, Visualization and Machine Learning) Lead by example, engaging hands-on in complex data challenges and Information Management projects to derive deep insights from data Collaborate with subject matter experts and executives to frame, structure and prioritize business problems where insights can have the biggest impact Drive design, development and deployment of standardized metrics and dashboards to measure our delivery across Hanger Prioritize, expand, and manage the portfolio of data, analytics and BI projects to meet business requirements and time and budget constraints Attract, develop, and retain talent to improve team productivity, efficiency and effectiveness Lead team in the development and support of a vast array of SSIS ETLs to take data from various operational sources into a star schema data model for analytics and reporting purposes Use business intelligence software to empower non-technical, internal customers to drive their own analytics and reporting Develop a deep understanding of Hanger’s data sources and know exactly how, when and which data to use to solve particular business problems. Support the development of performance dashboards that encompass key metrics to be reviewed with senior leadership and sales management Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related IT field Minimum of 5 years of experience in Data Analytics, Business Intelligence and Reporting 2 years of experience leading teams in the development and support of OBIEE business intelligence tools, reports and SSIS ETL tools Hanger, Inc. is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship. All conditions and privileges of employment are administered to all employees without discrimination or harassment because of race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, special disabled veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances. The Company will comply fully with all applicable state or local fair employment laws that forbid discrimination or harassment on the basis of other protected characteristics. Retaliation against any employee for filing or supporting a complaint of discrimination or harassment is prohibited. Additional Success Factors Proven track record of delivering highly-scalable and reliable solutions through multiple cycles Excellent information management skills in data architecture, report/ETL design, EDW and OBIEE Reporting Excellent client engagement and management skills strongly preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills, particularly the ability to synthesize complex issues/scenarios into easy-to-understand concepts and “storytelling” Attention to detail with self-discipline, strong ownership and accountability and drive for results. Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations and have influence across organizational boundaries Act with integrity in all ways and at all times, remaining honest, transparent, and respectful in all relationships. Keep the patient at the center of everything that you do, building lifelong trust. Foster open collaboration and constructive dialogue with everyone around you. Continuously innovate new solutions, influencing and responding to change. Focus on superior outcomes, and calibrate work processes for outstanding results. Our Investment in You Competitive salary. Competitive health and insurance benefits. Annual target bonus or commission. Paid vacation and sick time. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team.