Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. We are seeking Helpdesk Specialists to assist in the support of our services at one of the most critical connection points with our internal customers. Our goal is to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with outstanding customer service, satisfaction and timeliness. This position is part of the Enterprise Operations organization and requires a diverse and flexible skillset for supporting the wide set of services that we offer across our brands of companies (Facebook, internet.org, Instagram, Oculus and WhatsApp). Does the idea of working in a fast-paced dynamic environment with a diverse group of people sound like a fun puzzle to solve? Are you passionate about technology, live for amazing customer service, and have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment? If you've answered yes to these questions, Facebook is looking for you! RESPONSIBILITIES Provides computer helpdesk support and technical training on hardware and software to end users. Troubleshoots Mac and Windows software and hardware for end users via phone, email, and service desk walk-ups. Troubleshoots iPhone and Android mobile phones and other related hardware in- office, such as printers. Sets up mobile phone Exchange email, VPN, and internet access for users via secure company network. Provisions new equipment for end users. Trains new hires on new software and technology related procedures to secure a swift onboarding process. Performs set-ups, break-downs, and transports of equipment, such as monitors and desks on an as-needed basis for new and existing end users. Examines, designs, and implements new internal procedures to improve office procedures. Provides overall management in daily administration, asset distribution, and shipping. Manages warehouse inventory to facilitate proper handling and distribution of merchandise. Images Mac and Windows laptops. Manages and troubleshoots audiovisual software, hardware, and equipment to ensure teleconferencing and videoconferencing calls run smoothly. Oversees the replenishment and allocation of inventory to their appropriate locations. Ability to travel up to 25% to remote offices for end user and project support. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years end user support/desktop support experience. Knowledge of Microsoft Outlook™ client (Windows & Mac) and the Microsoft Office Suite, with experience resolving problems and assisting users with advanced functionality. Problem solving experience. Applied experience with Microsoft Exchange™ and other Microsoft technologies including Active Directory. Knowledge of Mac OS from command line troubleshooting to resolving individual application failures. Experience with troubleshooting Windows and OSX Operating Systems, desktops, and printers/print servers. Task management, communication experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Comprehensive knowledge of Windows, in issues ranging from resolving registry conflicts to troubleshooting system crashes and performance issues.