Senior Cloud Architect Job Type: Full-Tme Location: Belmont, CA Department: Operations RingCentral, Inc., a leading provider of Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS), fosters a dynamic, success-driven, and team-oriented environment committed to delivering simple and delightful products for our customers. We are looking for a candidate with an entrepreneurial spark and a passion for redefining how people communicate. The RingCentral environment is dynamic, success-driven, team-oriented and committed to providing world class service for its customers. Do you have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment? We are looking for candidates with an entrepreneurial spark! We’re not a phone company; we’re a cloud business-solutions provider. We've thrown out the old PBX along with its rigid rules and eliminated the complexity and unnecessary expense of managing business communications the old way. RingCentral fosters career development and provides leadership training, education, workshops, and coaching for all employees. RingCentral promotes a healthy work-life balance by providing catered lunch and breakfast on a daily basis as well as a kitchen stocked with a variety of complimentary beverages and delicious snacks. Responsibilities: Overseeing the provision of architecture support for LAN/WAN related operational problem analysis and resolution. Providing design, engineering, and architect support to manage the WAN infrastructure including technical requirements analysis, traffic modeling, IP address administration, design and implementation of network security, and conducting performance analysis and management. Providing technical guidance and direction to team members and lower level technicians. Assessing the network infrastructure, identifying areas for improvement and recommending solutions. Qualifications: 10+ years experience in network development, architecture, and engineering for complex WAN environments. Must hold the Cisco Certified Internetworking Expert (CCIE) Written certification. Experience in all phases of the engineering lifecycle including: requirements; architecture; design; implementation; testing; and operations and maintenance. Preferred Education and Experience: Bachelor"s Degree in a related field desired. Thorough knowledge of routers, switches, and firewalls. Knowledge of relevant server-side tools and technologies. Experience with network monitoring and management using an automated solution. Experience installing, configuring, and maintaining servers and desktops in an enterprise organization. Extensive experience with security as it pertains to network architecture, servers, firewalls, routers, and intrusion detection systems (IDS). Experience managing technical teams. Solid customer service and communication skills are critical as well as the ability and willingness to communicate effectively and appropriately in an empathetic and understanding manner. Previous experience supporting Client highly desirable. Technical skills: Data and VOIP Network Fortinet Firewall Cloud services (AWS,GCP) F5 and A10 Load Balancing Internet-based VPN solutions Remote Access VPN for mobile workforce Juniper routing LAN/WAN connectivity and administration Network and Application Performance Management Systems Network and System security Site-to-site VPN Virtual Private Network technologies (Cisco, Juniper) About RingCentral RingCentral, Inc. (NYSE: RNG) is a global provider of cloud unified communications and collaboration solutions. More flexible and cost-effective than legacy on-premise systems, RingCentral empowers today’s mobile and distributed workforces to be connected anywhere and on any device through voice, video, team messaging, collaboration, SMS, conferencing, online meetings, contact center, and fax. RingCentral provides an open platform that integrates with today’s leading business apps while giving customers the flexibility to customize their own workflows. RingCentral is a leader in the 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Unified Communications as a Service Worldwide for the second consecutive year. RingCentral is headquartered in Belmont, Calif. RingCentral is an EEO/AA employer.