Description What does it take to protect and maintain the most sensitive data for over 220 million people and 25 million businesses? What does it take to meet daunting challenges and shape solutions that pioneer industries and improve lives? At Experian, we are the trusted power behind data and the leading global information services company, providing everything from fraud and identity protection, to data analytics and credit scores. Our products help decision- making for consumers and businesses alike. With operations stretching globally, Experian is 17,000 people strong, supporting clients and operations in more than 80 countries. Generating nearly $5 billion in revenue annually, Experian is primed for growth and searching for the most talented and innovative people to join our family and take us to new heights. Experian’s Consumer Services (ECS) group is defining the next Big Data thing for consumers. What could be more exciting – personally and professionally – than being part of a disruptive business? Consider starting your career with the industry’s best by joining the Leader that continues to disrupt the competition. As the market leader, we pride ourselves on building new markets and leading the pack through continuous evolution and innovation. It’s a position ECS has enjoyed for more than a decade and we aren’t looking to stop now. Experian’s Technology team is seeking a talented QA Engineer. This role will be responsible for operational support including QA/UAT design, development and execution in an agile environment. The QA duties included developing and executing test plans, both automated and manual, performing user acceptance testing against Web and Mobile applications. Responsibilities: Perform UAT / regression testing for all enhancement and/or patch releases against documented specifications. Perform UAT / regression testing against APIs, Web Services using internal and external tools, Web portals and reports. Perform UAT / regression testing for iOS and Android on emulators and hardware devices. Build and manage the QA processes. Develop and execute test plans, test cases and client use-case. Identify and report QA issues, workflow issues and other project risks to development team. Evaluate overall test processes and produce regular progress updates. Verification testing and patch validation to verifying expected changes were installed. Evaluate system performance, reproduce issues and work with development to resolve identified problems. Work closely with product managers and developers to understand the product roadmap and product specifications to help determine the right test strategy. Tasks include evaluating daily test suites results, maintaining/updating automation tests, and improving regression tests/framework. Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar field from an accredited four-year university required. 3 years of experience with manual/automation required. 3 years of experience with Behavior Driven Design preferred. Functional UI testing experience required. iOS and Android testing experience required. Experience with OO and MVC software/web/API dev experience strongly preferred. Experience with Selenium, Postman dev experience.