At AlphaSights, we search through more than 500 million professionals working in the world today to find the small handful of experts qualified to answer our clients needs. They use these insights to drive amazing progress ( https://www.alphasights.com/use-cases ) within their organisations. Our mission is to provide access to dispersed, hidden, and underutilized knowledge. We’ve made terrific progress working in this new space, but there is still an incredible amount of work to do. We’ve only just scratched the surface on how we can apply technology to this problem. AlphaSights' Frontend Engineers build features across our ecosystem of products, both internal and client facing. As a frontend engineer you will build ambitious web applications, on the edge of what is possible with today’s browsers. You'll work closely with a variety of people in the business to arrive at the best solution, immediately see the impact of your work, and get feedback directly from users. You will be enabled to implement features across our entire stack, from the client views all the way down to the database layer. We're looking for people who are interested in building software systems to an incredibly high standard, comfortable working across multiple languages, and learn quickly when new technologies are introduced. We care more about your engineering skill versus your deep knowledge of a particular language or framework. You will: Build and own our frontend architecture Push the boundaries of modern frontend engineering to build fast and ambitious web applications Work closely with our Product Team and Engineering teams to build features that have significant business impact Design elegant and intuitive UI components Drive forward thinking for frontend technologies at AlphaSights Implement the functionality necessary to power the front end to life in our backend services Work in small, nimble teams Understand our business context deeply and leverage your engineering knowledge to propose creative solutions to problems You might be a fit if you: Deep understanding of JavaScript and its fundamentals. Experience with Ember.js a plus. Understand the complexities of the DOM and CSS, especially how they interact Interpret UI performance metrics and address issues accordingly Know and understand the implications of the latest developments in ECMAScript Learn from and mentor other engineers Reason about trade-offs when discussing frontend technologies Navigate and write backend code Besides Javascript, also proficient in Java, Ruby, Python or a similar language powering backend services Are Interested in working in a team applying data science to solve challenging business problems See yourself as an entrepreneur as well as an engineer Have at least 5 years of professional experience, and have served as tech lead for a specific application, product area, or level of infrastructure Can balance deep work with cross team collaboration Don't worry if your experience or background doesn't match all of these areas, we believe a broad spectrum of experience ( https://engineering.alphasights.com/team ) provides great perspective on solving problems in new and innovative ways and we’d love to [hear from you]. You might work on: Build UIs to schedule multi-party communication with heavy constraints Integrate our software to browsers, web email clients, and web calendars to meet our users needs Launch new product initiatives that delight our clients and differentiate our services Develop innovative search and discovery interfaces that are mission critical to our knowledge-search business Who you would work with: You would join a dynamic, multinational, and diverse team who enjoy solving interesting problems in a collaborative environment We have self-taught engineers as well as graduates from top Computer Science and Engineering schools Your co-workers will include motivated recent graduates as well as experienced industry leaders from companies such as Google and Amazon Find out more: http://engineering.alphasights.com