We look forward to reviewing your application! All applicants must include a resume. Visa sponsorship not available. Contact us at 1-800-562-0999 ext. 11111 with any questions. We are an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local law. Member Consultants are the heart and soul of WSECU. Every day, you dig deep to listen to what our members need and you go out of your way to make banking not only easy, but downright pleasant! You’re the go-to, one-stop shop for our members. Knowledgeable, empathetic and eager to help, you know your members by name and they know you! WSECU is a Co-Op with an all-volunteer board—we are truly accountable to our members, but we couldn’t do it without you. Ready to learn more? Your day may include: Performing all branch functions including: consumer lending, opening new accounts, and providing teller services Striving for and hitting your sales and service goals, while keeping the member’s best interest front and center Contributing to your team’s successes and celebrating along the way Building and nurturing strong relationships with your members Understanding your members’ journey, offering products and services to meet their unique needs Showing empathy and lending a hand where your team members and teammates need it most Having fun! What you bring to the team: Minimum of one (1) year experience in a financial institution or retail/service related position Excellent interpersonal communication skills, including effective listening, speaking, and writing Talent for presenting and explaining complex products and services Intermediate or greater proficiency with Microsoft applications; ability to master WSECU computer operating systems Ability to maintain privacy and confidentiality Must be willing to register with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, including fingerprinting and a national criminal background check, and maintain and renew the registration annually Bonus points if you have: Credit Union experience and understanding of financial regulations Sales and customer service training Experience with lending, new accounts, or a combination of both Where it’s located: 155 108th AVE NE, Bellevue, WA 98004 When you’d work: Monday through Friday, 8:45 am-5:15 pm with scheduling flexibility required to meet branch needs How much you’ll earn: $18.55 - $27.83, per hour, DOQ plus an excellent benefits package! IND2