Are you looking for an opportunity to work with customers? Are you excited to learn new technologies? Would you rather be coding than whiteboarding? Are you passionate about making an impact? If the answer is yes, then we want you to join our team. You will be part of a team of talented software engineers working with customers on high impact projects using emerging technologies. Our team, CSE (Commercial Software Engineering), works side by side with customers to help them tackle their toughest technical problems both in the cloud and on the edge. We meet customers where they are, work in the languages they use, with the open source frameworks they use, on the operating systems they use. We work with enterprises and startups across many industries from financial services to manufacturing, as well as a broad spectrum of domains including IoT, machine learning, and high scale compute. Our engineers work together to learn from each other and deliver great software that earns our customers’ trust. Our "super power" is that we work closely with both our customers’ engineering teams and Microsoft’s product engineering teams, developing real-world expertise that we put to use to help our customers grow their business and help Microsoft improve our products and services. If you like variety, constantly learning, using any available tech across our industry, digging in with our customers, hackfests, occasional travel, and telling the story of what you’ve done in blog posts and at conferences, then come talk to us. We are very community focused in our work, with one foot in Microsoft and one foot in the open source communities that we help. We make pull requests on open source projects to add support for Microsoft platforms and/or improve existing implementations. We build frameworks and other tools to make it easier for developers to use Microsoft platforms. We source all the ideas for this work by maintaining very deep connections with these communities and the customers and partners that use them. Does this job sound like it was created for you? If you have read this far, then it likely is the job you have been looking for and we would love to meet you. Responsibilities Working with your team to design, implement and deliver value alongside our customers. Demonstrating continued technical growth and sharing what you learn with other engineers throughout the broader CSE organization and the OSS community. Developing positive relationships with engineers from Microsoft product teams and other field organizations. Upholding our delivery standards by following and contributing to our fundamental engineering playbook. One of the key values you will help drive is to identify patterns. As patterns are identified, you will work with other engineers across our team to contribute to projects that generalize those patterns as open source, often shipping them as public repos on Github. Qualifications 3+ years' experience shipping production software A Bachelor or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline or the equivalent Service delivery experience including coding, and ideally building cloud services. Demonstrated ability to quickly ramp up on new languages and technologies. CSEFY-19 Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.