At Northwestern Mutual, we believe relationships are built on trust. That our lives and our work matter. These beliefs launched our company nearly 160 years ago. Today, they're just a few of the reasons why people choose to build careers at Northwestern Mutual. We're strong and growing. In a company with such a long and storied history, this may be the most exciting and important time to be a part of Northwestern Mutual. We're strong, innovative and growing. We invest in our people. We provide opportunities for employees to grow themselves, their career and in turn, our business. We care. We make a positive difference in our communities. Nationally, thousands have benefitted from our support of research and programs to fight childhood cancer. Each year, our Foundation, employees and financial representatives donate time, talent and financial support to causes they're passionate about. _We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age or status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law._ What's the role? The Quality Governance Manager role is responsible for the governance of our enterprise quality standards and processes. This role is responsible for conducting compliance checks for IT development projects, infrastructure changes and for routine maintenance releases. This individual will help institutionalize our IT Quality Standards by participating in the development of the quality standards, educating teams on the quality standards, conducting governance checks and by delivering the compliance audit results to the stakeholders after each audit. This role will also be responsible for assisting the stakeholders with correcting the identified non-compliance issues to ensure that we maintain high quality and high availability production system and services. This role will oversee multiple projects or teams of subject matter experts, will develop and strengthen internal/external relationships, establish cross- team partnerships to deliver on quality goals, maintain business continuity, and align enterprise releases to IT business objectives. You will be reporting directly to the Director of Quality. The ideal skillset we are looking for should be a combination of Quality Assurance, Governance, and Test Engineering: first and foremost, you should be a strong, passionate coach with a proven record of positive incremental change of process in addition to growth of individual team members; second, but equally important, you should have a history of being a skilled governance analyst with previous TMMI or CMMI assessment capabilities to assist in the evaluation of enterprise test maturity. Role and Responsibilities: Responsible for conducting compliance checks for IT development projects, infrastructure changes and for routine maintenance releases. Governs quality standards adherence of project and releases across project phases to ensure established quality goals and objectives are met. Reviews and analyzes project deliverables and metrics regarding prescribed quality gate scorecards. Responsible for the verification across all project stages, ensuring work is of high quality and completed in a full and accurate manner. Initiates and conducts the PPQA process, project audit meetings according to planned dates with all responsible stakeholders from all the project phases Delivers the compliance scorecard and audit results to the relevant stakeholders after each audit. Institutionalize IT Quality Standards by participating in the development of the quality standards, educating teams on the quality standards, conducting governance checks and by delivering the compliance audit results to the stakeholders after each audit Identify, collect, manage required data for measured SLAs and other project related metrics Develop, document, and improve current quality gate audit process and assist the Test Engineering and Enterprise Quality teams in improving standards, templates, techniques, and metrics based on industry best practices. Assist teams with correcting the identified non-compliance issues to ensure that we maintain high quality and high availability production system and services. Effectively deploys and supports the enhancement of proprietary audit tools and participates in the successful introduction of new quality gate audit tools and methodologies to execute audit engagements effectively and efficiently Report compliance and quality metrics trending reports monthly. Utilize compliance and quality metrics to drive quality standard improvements as part of the regular continuous improvement efforts. Twice a year, participate in enterprise test maturity assessments. Your high-level milestones for the first year are the following: Within first month, meet with testing and development leaders to understand testing metrics and gauge testing capabilities and gaps within various testing and engineering teams. Within first month, formulate a basic vision and execution plan around the enterprise quality governance framework. Within two months, establish a basic quality compliance scorecard, supporting processes and train relevant stakeholders. Within two months, begin conducting quality governance compliance checks. Within three months, begin reporting compliance results, analyze quality metrics trends for the enterprise and present recommending enhancements to the quality standards. Within four months present list of process improvements and goals that you plan to implement over the course of next 6 to 12 months to fill gaps from department vision. Within six months present the impacts and test maturity improvements that have resulted from the governance framework and the compliance checks. Within one year, demonstrate that you were able to execute on the list of process improvements and goals that you proposed prior. Bring Your Best! What this role needs: Deep knowledge of structured software testing, test engineering and quality assurance. Hands on experience with the following CMMI KPA’s: PPQA, OPD and OPD. Hands on experience with test maturity standards like the TMMI. Experience with maturity assessment frameworks like TAMAR and SCAMPI. Experience with continuous improvement and root cause analysis techniques. Expert with IEEE, ISO and/or ISTQB testing standards. Six Sigma experience is a plus. Benefits Tons of room for career growth. Highly technical and passionate fellow quality assurance experts and test engineers. Highly competitive salary and benefits Req ID: 23537 Position Type: Regular Full Time Education Experience: Bachelor's Desired Employment Experience: 3-5 years Licenses/Certifications: FLSA Status: Exempt Posting Date: 08/05/2018