Position Overview As a member of the Monitoring team, the part-time Operator will be responsible for supporting primarily non-US scouts who may or may not be at venue recording real-time statistics of the sports event they are attending/watching. Operators will be responsible for watching, entering data and supporting scouts for 3 - 6 matches at a time. Operators will enter and confirm line-ups, monitor scores and events that are entered through LiveScore, and provide general support for scouts, answering questions and troubleshooting problems. Although there is flexibility with the schedule, Monitoring Operators must be willing to work hours between 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM for training purposes; and then be flexible in scheduling so the Monitoring team provides daily coverage from 7:30 AM - midnight, Monday - Sunday. Key Responsibilities Monitor live events and support scouts attending/watching events. Provide general scout support to primarily non-US scouts. Review stats and confirm accuracy of data. Maintain open communication with other departments within Sportradar. Other duties as assigned. Skills & Qualifications High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Ability to process information quickly. Have an interest and knowledge in a variety of sports; high interest in soccer, basketball and hockey is preferred. High attention to detail. Ability to delegate daily tasks. Strong verbal communication and phone skills. Works effectively under pressure and maintains a positive attitude. Ability to work on some nights and weekends. Our Offer Generous Travel and Convenience Options Free snacks and drinks in the break room (healthy and less healthy) Casual dress and work environment. Just don’t offend anyone and make sure you smell nice. Company Overview Sportradar is the leading provider of sports data and information globally, covering over 350,000 live events across 48 sports. Sportradar has developed the industry’s most proficient software, distributing content and data that is easy to consume while setting new standards for speed and accuracy. Turner Media, Twitter and Samsung are among the leading companies in sports and digital media relying on Sportradar for innovative content, comprehensive applications and product development. Exclusive agreements with the NFL, NBA, NHL, International Tennis Federation and NASCAR are among its 65 worldwide league and federation partnerships. The firm’s U.S. Advisory Board includes Ted Leonsis, Mark Cuban and Michael Jordan. Sportradar was recently named a finalist by Sports Business Journal in the category of Sports Breakthrough of the Year for its annual Sports Business Awards. Learn more at www.sportradar.com. This company participates in E-Verify for employment verification. For more information on E-Verify, please contact DHS: 888-897-7781 or www.dhs.gov/E-Verify