You’re a sales guru. You have a passion for sales, networking, building relationships with C-Suite executives, and closing deals. Leading a process that involves investigating, meeting, probing, applying, convincing, and “tying it up” is near and dear to your heart. You write great proposals and collaborate well internally and externally to achieve results. You relate well with acronyms like CRM, B2B, SOW, and RFP. You’re a self-starter. You exude strong and thorough professional planning to achieve sales and revenue targets. You lead with tenacity to achieve challenging performance goals, manage complex sales processes, and work to tight deadlines under pressure. You’ve experienced the importance of a strong manager. You’ve heard the saying, “People leave managers, not companies.” Root Compass® solves for that. Managers certified in Compass® achieve results and drive change by becoming exceptional leaders. Their teams feel empowered, trusted, and engaged, and their organizations reap the benefits through higher performance and accelerated growth. If having this type of impact excites you, you’re in the right place! You want to be part of a culture that invigorates the power of human beings to make a difference and have fun doing it. You fervently want to know that your contribution has a meaningful impact and that you’re part of a purpose-driven and dynamic team that has fun while doing really, really good work. You’ve been told your sense of humor is contagious. On any given day at Root, you might… Consult with clients on manager development and broader change initiatives. Our clients face challenges in a variety of areas and it’s important to demonstrate expertise on the fundamental role leaders and managers play in driving and sustaining change. You’ll also identify and reframe client problems, and appropriately identify and integrate other Root experts to shape broader solutions that will meet or exceed client expectations. Cultivate relationships with Internal Partners and Prospective Clients. This is where you put your heart and soul. You’ll establish yourself as a credible subject matter expert and thought leader on manager development and Root Compass® programs to create internal pull for Compass services. You’ll partner and collaborate with internal Sales and Consultant colleagues to identify Compass opportunities. This will include proposal writing, positioning solutions, and closing sales. You’ll take pride in creating a differentiated experience that builds trust, delights and excites prospects, and sets up targeted, meaningful results. Hunt to generate Root Compass® opportunities. Proven pathways to success include attending conferences and events, following up on marketing-generated leads, mining your network and relationships, pursuing dormant account growth with the support of others, and referrals. Owning and driving growth as an individual contributor and achieving results are both critical. Engage others in Root Compass ® and what makes Root unique. You’ll support and deliver workshops using Root’s established POV and offerings, and you’ll also facilitate working sessions, forums, and discussion groups, as appropriate. If you love what you’ve read so far and can meet the desired qualifications below, we want to hear from you! Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s degree is a plus. Minimum of five years relevant sales or business development experience. Subject matter expertise in manager or leadership development. Track record positioning and scoping solutions for senior-level buyers. Strengths in presentation or facilitation for executive groups. Willingness to travel 50% or more of the week.