Fluke Health Solutions (FHS) is a result of three recent acquisitions and now, we are putting together a dream team of Digital talent to take us to the next level. Are you interested in being part of this team and making a huge impact, both for the company itself and in support of our mission to _empower our everyday heroes to focus only on protecting lives_? Then keep on reading! We are looking for a Sr. Full-Stack Web Developer to join us and become a key member of the Digital team, reporting to the Web Operations Manager. This role leads both back-end and front-end development efforts for all our global web properties and is very familiar with Drupal, our Web Content Management System (CMS). The ideal candidate has a proven track record of working with Drupal and a strong presence and standing within the Drupal community. Responsibilities Collaborate with global marketing teams to support their campaigns by ensuring the technical feasibility and developing of UI/UX designs and features. Drive new enhancements and web-specific projects using Agile development processes. Run development sprints and code deployment process. Be available in cases of emergency outages for troubleshooting. Work and communicate with multiple teams to address functional and/or technical issues that users and/or internal stakeholders may report on our websites. Optimize global and regional websites for maximum speed and scalability. Manage existing code base for all various websites and associated databases focusing on building reusable code and code libraries for future use. Qualifications: At least five years’ experience as a back-end developer with a minimum 2 years’ experience with either Drupal, versions 7 or 8. Working knowledge of PHP language and understanding of Object Oriented programming concept. Experience with source control, Git preferred. Understanding of and experience working in an Agile development team. A strong grasp of HTML5, CSS3, and a server-side CSS pre-processing platform, such as SASS or LESS. Experience of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery. Basic understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX a plus. Experience with Drupal 7 and/or 8 theming and configuration. Preferred Experience & Skills Ability to work with MySQL database. Some experience with web services (REST, SOAP), XML concepts. Good understanding of the atomic and responsive design principle and familiar with UI tools such as Patternlab. Experience with Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) Familiar with automation tools such as Gulp or Grunt. Experience prioritizing and managing operational code requests using JIRA ticketing tool. Fortive Corporation Overview: Fortive is a diversified industrial growth company comprised of global businesses that are recognized leaders in attractive markets. With more than $6 billion in annual revenues, Fortive’s well-known brands hold leading positions in field instrumentation, transportation, sensing, product realization, automation and specialty, and franchise distribution. Fortive is headquartered in Everett, Washington and employs a team of more than 24,000 research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative employees in more than 40 countries around the world. Our team grows by tackling challenges that accelerate progress and further their careers. With a culture rooted in continuous improvement, the core of our company’s operating model is the Fortive Business System. For more information please visit:www.fortive.com. Organization: Fluke