We are looking for a talented Senior Network Engineer to join the team. The successful candidate will be an integral member of the Network Engineering and Cybersecurity teams. Major responsibilities for the position include planning, design, implementation, performance monitoring and day-to-day support for the global LAN/WAN network infrastructure. The role will also have other responsibilities related to CyberSecurity and includes security analysis and support, monitoring vulnerabilities and vulnerability assessment, malware analysis, maintain intrusion prevention systems, security incident handling, encryption, threat management systems and managing penetration testing by vendors. Responsibilities: Plan, architect, design, and implement the global LAN/WAN network infrastructure. Monitor and report on overall network performance and status; make recommendations in relation to performance; troubleshoot network problems and outages; schedule and implement upgrades and work/collaborate with other teams as needed. Document and enforce system standards Accomplish IT and corporate mission by completing related tasks and projects as needed. Utilize, monitor and configure security dashboard/notifications for state-of-the-art security tools, such tools as SIEM, IDS/IPS, HIPS, Anti-Virus & Anti-Malware. Make recommendations related to analysis and protection, content filtering, logical access controls, data loss prevention, application firewalls, vulnerability scanners, and forensics software to support security across SIRVA’s information assets. Vulnerability Management Program - Perform technical security penetration and web application assessments against network devices, systems, and applications. Work with various teams to remediate and mitigate vulnerabilities. Work with clients and auditors as necessary. Incident Response - Respond to security incidents and report on incident handling and resolution. Participate in the SDLC process to keep information security integrated & involved in all aspects. Proactive research to identify and understand security gaps, new threats and technologies, vulnerabilities, and exploits. Help develop security awareness by providing orientation, educational programs, and on-going communication Be part of on-call rotation. Be willing to alter work hours as needed to help provide support or coverage as needed in support of all our offices on a global basis. Some occasional travel may be required. Qualifications: Thorough understanding of TCP/IP based networking technologies Thorough understanding of typical routing protocols including EIGRP, OSPF and BGP Extensive experience with implementing multi-geographic LAN/WAN networks utilizing the: The internet MPLS Point-to-point circuits VPN SD-WAN Experience with planning, procurement, implementation and administration of: Cisco Switches Cisco Meraki Wireless Access Points Cisco Routers Cisco Firewalls (Cisco ASA) Palo Alto Firewalls GlobalProtect Barracuda Firewalls Barracuda WAF (Web Application Firewalls) Working with Microsoft Azure Ability to predict and manage the performance and capacity of the global LAN/WAN environment Experience in effectively communicating with a broad base of end users and multiple management layers Ability to effectively identify and apply rapidly changing technology to business needs Good judgment and analytical and communication skills; strong follow-up and organizational skills Ability to conduct and prepare feasibility studies; develop project estimates for cost, time and resources; complete cost/benefit analysis Experience implementing required security and LAN configurations to enforce secure application development by developers or other 3rd parties Strong project management skills and experience managing remote locations Ability to establish and maintain a high level of user trust and confidence 7 to 10 years of related experience managing infrastructure/network environments, performing hardware and software network engineering, designing and implementing LANs, WANs and VPNs Minimum 5 years’ experience managing multi-office LAN/WAN environments Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or related discipline is desirable Cisco (CCNA and/or CCNP) preferred Palo Alto Networks (ACE or PCNSE) preferred Barracuda Certified Engineer preferred Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE) desirable SIRVA is a leading partner for corporations to outsource their mobility needs, relocating and moving their executives and staff globally. SIRVA offers an extensive portfolio of mobility services across approximately 170 countries providing an end-to-end solution to deliver an enhanced mobility experience and program control and security for customers. SIRVA brings together strong, collaborative people in a dynamic culture of mutual respect, support, and passion for the brand and product. We believe innovation drives winning performance, and we constantly challenge ourselves to be the very best we can in every aspect of our business. You will be surrounded by some of the brightest and most driven people in the industry. At SIRVA, you will be in great company! SIRVA is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The Federal EEO Law Poster may be found at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability of any part of the employment process, please send an email to Human Resources at HRSIRVA@SIRVA.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. SIRVA has a portfolio of well-known and recognizable brands including Allied Van Lines, northAmerican Van Lines, SMARTBOX, and Allied Pickfords. For more information please visit www.sirva.com. Required Skills Required Experience