A challenging and unique role has recently opened for a Hospital Service Quality Manager in the magnetic Los Angeles Area. Apply today, and join this trusted and established community medical center in improving patient care and ensuring service excellence. The Hospital Service Quality Manager role is an exciting position for many reasons. First, the reporting environment will allow you to have direct access to decision makers, collaborate with various departmental personnel, and support superior patient satisfaction outcomes. Next, you will have the range and latitude to try different approaches. Finally, you will have real and tangible effects on the ways patient experience is measured, evaluated, coordinated, and improved. Reporting to the Quality Management Director, with a dotted line directly to C-Suite officials, the Service Quality Manager will work to identify and present patient care support models that improve how this hospital cares for its visitors. You will collaborate with leaders across the organization to design, develop, and propose targeted methods of reinforcing excellence in the continuum of care and improving patient experience from door-to-doc-to-home. Once implemented, you will take oversight of data collection and program evaluation. This means that the Hospital Quality Manager will be able to work directly with patient populations, providers, Registered Nurses, pastoral care, linguistic services, and support staff to identify gaps in satisfaction. This kind of direct stakeholder interface will mean that you should be comfortable with the building quality relationships and having frank discussions about patient experiences and factors that impact satisfaction. Strong problem solving skills will be valuable in this position, as each of the patient experience programs that the Hospital Quality Manager evaluates will require support and iteration plans for future improvements. This constant iteration and reevaluation will ensure that the Quality Manager is able to effectively track data and report outcomes with confidence. Additionally, strong familiarity with the various departmental challenges acute care hospitals face will be very important. The Manager of Service Quality will quickly learn that Southern California, particularly the Los Angeles Area, has something wonderful for everyone. A short drive west will lead you to the warm, sunny beaches and surf of the Pacific. Waiting around every corner are fun weekend getaways like Disneyland and Wild Rivers. You’ll also be able to dine at some of America’s most famous restaurants, and you’ll find an entertainment industry that never ceases to amaze. In the LA Area, you’ll also find a large number of highly-regarded grade schools, high schools, and colleges, making education [and continuing education] easily accessible. The Quality Manager role will be a full-time position, with one of Los Angeles’ most prestigious non-profit healthcare systems. You’ll receive frequent opportunities to test your skills, chances to continue your education, and the support to grow your abilities in an academically rich environment. You’ll also take part in an excellent benefits program, and you’ll receive a competitive compensation for your efforts.