Istation is a leading developer and publisher of educational software for prekindergarten through 8th grade students and educators. Istation’s interactive, internet- and web-based instructional programs include computer- adaptive assessments and intervention programs in the areas of reading, math, Spanish, and interdisciplinary studies, and they are currently being used in 40 states and 7 countries. Istation is looking for a strong full-stack web developer who may have of blend of UI/UX client side experience to add to our existing team responsible for adding/updating features in our Report and Management web application. In this role you will work primarily in our main tech stack of ASP.NET MVC, C, and Oracle DB with some new development taking place in Angular 5+ and TypeScript. Position Details full-time position at our Dallas-based corporate office reports to VP of Technology and Business Process base salary must be located locally must be able to work legally in the U.S. without sponsorship (U.S. Citizens or Green Card holders only) group health plan and company-wide options 401(k) with company match building amenities Main Duties and Responsibilities Join a highly iterative team that has to adapt quickly in a fast-paced environment Become a resident expert on the Istation data model of our back-end database; utilize this knowledge to design and develop new web functionality and reports Will perform full-stack development: implement new features and maintain/update existing features utilizing C within an ASP.NET MVC environment Design/implement business logic utilizing an Object-to-Relational Mapping layer for data access Collaborate with team members on projects and skill growth Current: Stay up-to-date with trends, patterns, and technologies in the rapidly changing world of web development Strong personal ownership and ability to set and meet high professional standards Become a subject matter expert for our applications, back-end services and business constraints Has experience working with both existing and new development Will work individual and small team projects simultaneously Perform other tasks as assigned Required Skills Someone who is passionate about what they do every day. Be detail-oriented with strong analytical and organizational skills. Be able to think analytically about possible impacts to operational business costs. Possess an aptitude for high-level efficiency. Have a proven track record of success with a strong work ethic and self-discipline. Possess strong listening skills with the ability to diagnose issues and provide solutions. Be able to learn independently, conduct research, synthesize, and apply information from a variety of resources. Have strong quantitative and qualitative skills. Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills in English. Effectively manage information and monitor tasks to identify, analyze, and solve problems. Take initiative and meet deadlines. Be personally responsible, accountable, punctual and reliable. Ability to be nimble, be flexible, tolerate stress, and works well independently and within diverse teams in an ever changing product development environment Ability to converse well with non-related personnel, other Engineers and internal SCRUM teams to include members who are educators, creative artists, sales people, and/or anyone who may be a part of our business infrastructure. Have strong digital skills and aptitude, including proficiency with computers and basic applications software including Concur, Microsoft Office, and Google Mail. Have strong time-management and organizational skills with a proven ability to handle and follow through on multiple tasks or projects. Required Experience Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, or related technical discipline At least 4 years of full-stack web development experience in any major server-side stack (prefer experience in our core stack - ASP.NET MVC, C) Strong understanding and experience working with MVC patterns/concepts Proficient in HTML, JavaScript (ES5+), and other web technologies Experience using source code/version control repository (SVN, Git, etc) Experience producing web reports and generating files (CSV, XML, JSON, etc.) Preferred Experience Experience working in a SAAs based environment Experience working on high-traffic, responsive websites and applications Experience working in the ASP.NET MVC framework using C, LINQ, and Razor (CSHTML) Experience with client-side frameworks/technologies (prefer Angular 2+, TypeScript, and RxJS) Proficient with CSS3 and/or SASS Experience creating data visualizations using D3js and/or modern charting libraries (C3, Highcharts, etc.) Experience using Object-Relational Mapping for accessing data Experience writing performant SQL (table joins, foreign key relationships, indexes, and query optimization techniques) in Oracle, SQL Server, or other major database Experience with our current IDEs (Visual Studio 2017, VS Code) and tools/platforms (Oracle SQL Developer, Tortoise SVN, IIS) A history of self-directed learning (books, tutorials, hobby-programming, etc.)