Our Purpose At Xero we are rewiring the small business economy and want millions of small businesses to thrive through beautiful software, advice and connections. We aim to make being a small business more efficient and profitable for small business owners, and more enjoyable too. Xero is growing their US Sales organization and this is a very exciting time to join the team! We’re looking for passionate consultants in the New York area with accounting industry knowledge, savvy tech skills, who wants to be part of an accounting software company revolutionizing the small business world. Why Xero? Xero is one of the fastest growing SaaS companies in the world, with offices in the United States, New Zealand, Australia, the United Kingdom and Singapore. We are rewiring the global small business economy, enabling it to thrive through beautiful accounting software for small business owners and their advisors designed for a better collaborative workflow. Innovation is in our DNA. Creating and implementing game-changing ideas is what drives and inspires us and it’s not just talk – we’ve been ranked number one by Forbes as the World's Most Innovative Growth Company in 2014 and 2015. And like all great teams with big dreams, it’s what we do together that sets us apart. How you’ll make an impact At Xero the customer is the cornerstone of everything we do. We’re looking for a passionate consultant with accounting industry knowledge, savvy tech skills, who wants to be part of an accounting software company revolutionizing the small business world. This role is responsible to help drive the adoption of Xero within accounting firms making a change to use Xero’s cloud based platform. This role will be part consulting and part sales. You will need to be able to question and probe stakeholders to uncover new opportunities as well as present solutions that demonstrate how Xero’s products solve a firm's specific problems. Key characteristics of an ideal candidate: well-rounded, customer focused, strong problem solving skills, delivers results in high growth environments, high emotional quotient, strong business acumen, effective communicator, quick learner and experience in accounting practice operations. What will you do Demonstrating Xero solutions in pre-sales context to Accountants and Bookkeepers Working closely with external stakeholders ensuring deeper adoption of the Xero platform within an accounting practice Working closely with the Sales team to deliver business plans for Partners Engage in regular face-to-face, virtual and phone meetings with the relevant internal and external stakeholders managing pre-sales and project priorities Assisting partners with data conversions through detailed project planning and training guidance Handling Partner technical questions and escalations Educating partners on all partner resources available Updating CRM system with all client communications including calls, emails and meetings Maintaining and updating CRM system of all practice staff and contact details Responding in a timely manner to all Partner inquiries Manage the creation of resources (processes/videos) for frequently asked questions from Partners Success looks like Earning the trust of our Accounting Partners and assisting them on converting their clients to Xero and modernizing their accounting practice Presenting full go-to-market solutions for our Accounting Partners to use with their clients Managing multiple ongoing projects related to our Accounting Partners and internal resources Analyzing and recommending solutions for internal and/or client workflow efficiencies Nurturing relationships with our Accounting Partners through attending events and hosting customized workshops What you'll bring with you Critical competencies Enthusiasm for the emerging cloud accounting market and its new opportunities A natural tendency towards building mutually beneficial partnerships Results driven with strong initiative and ability to work independently Outstanding communication, planning and presentation skills Capacity to learn, adapt and apply ideas in constantly morphing situations Ability to create quick, strong rapport with accountants and other stakeholders Experience 3+ years of accounting, public accounting preferred Strong knowledge for the workings of an accounting practice and systems CPA certification a plus It’s time to introduce yourself Now that we’ve caught your attention, it’s time to catch ours. Please apply if you: Love doing beautiful work – contribute to a beautiful experience for our customers. Show your passion for the human side of software development through cultivating a deep understanding of the needs and aspirations small business owners. Seek the challenge of complex technical problems, crazy-smart collaborators and a fast-paced work environment. Champion creative development by bringing a unique point of view while inspiring impeccable work from others. Take owne rship by driving meaningful change and delivering results with passion and purpose. _Xero is an Equal Opportunity Employer_.