Position Summary: This role is for the IT expert specializing in data warehousing and reporting solutions at Make-A-Wish. The responsibilities for this position span all phases of BI development: gathering requirements, data modeling, data warehouse setup & configuration, report development, and production support. Daily activities will include troubleshooting issues and driving innovation to deliver accurate, timely, consistent, and insightful information for business analysis. This resource will coordinate with foundation staff and/or third- party resources on the above activities to accomplish the goals of the organization. Duties & Responsibilities: Reviews business requirements and provides database and reporting solutions Utilizes various tools (e.g. Microsoft Report Server, SSRS, Power BI) to deliver quality, efficient reporting to business Drives best practices for standardization of data and reporting processes through the organization Designs and develops algorithms to support advanced analytics Supports data consolidation from all enterprise systems into a central repository for accurate reporting Maintains, organizes, and documents reporting server, SSRS and Power BI reports, and ad-hoc SQL scripts Troubleshoots system issues and ensures a high level of application availability Performs other job related duties, as assigned. Required Skills Knowledge and Abilities: Experience with Microsoft stack (e.g. SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS/Power BI) Adept at data modeling and database configuration Skilled in visualization strategies and algorithm development Demonstrates successful problem-solving abilities Engages effectively with professionals at all levels of the organization Organizes work, prioritizes, and delegates to meet deadlines, and make timely decisions with sound judgment Required Experience Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Information Systems or related field required 3 - 5 years of Microsoft SQL and report writing experience required 5 years system analysis experience with documenting functional requirements in a data warehousing environment Proven experience with Microsoft ETL tools required. Experience with ImportOmatic preferred. Experience with CRM products such as Raiser’s Edge, Financial Edge, or Salesforce preferred. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office applications required. Job Location Phoenix, Arizona, United States Position Type Full-Time/Regular