Swell makes impact investing easy, accessible, and inspiring. We are seeking a Data Engineer who will help build out and maintain analytics and reporting across Swell Investing. We’re looking for the right balance of technical acumen, analytical thinking and storytelling ability to bring our data to life across all aspects of the business especially in the areas of product and marketing. As a Data Engineer, you will be combining product usage data, behavioral data, business systems data, transactional data and third party data into an analytics pipeline that drives all of the critical business decisions we make. This role will have an immediate impact on every aspect of a rapidly growing business. You will have decision making abilities to suggest and improve on our current services and architecture to ensure we are working on the best solution possible. You will be passionate about working with datasets and be someone who loves to bring data together to answer complex business questions that deepen our understanding of our customers and usage of the platform. You will design and own the data landscape, working closely with our product, engineering, and growth teams to implement solutions designed to improve the success of the Swell Investing platform. You will be comfortable building data frameworks from the ground up. Once here you will: Partner with Product and Engineering teams to drive implementation of data tracking Partner with data stakeholders across the company in Business Strategy, Product, and Marketing to frame and prioritize business opportunities, identifying where data insights can provide the biggest impact Develop and maintain data warehouse schematics, layouts, architectures and relational databases for data storage and data mining Perform both standardized and ad-hoc data analysis, reporting, and modifications via SQL, Amplitude, Google Analytics, and Big Query (or other data warehouse solution) Use analytics to influence product development, surfacing data around product usage and customer behavior Leverage data to help growth team maximize efficiency of investor acquisition and campaign spend Create and deliver reporting for key areas of the business, including weekly, monthly and quarterly operational reports Drive a culture of accountability, measurement and experimentation _The ideal candidate:_ BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Economics, Finance or related technical discipline (or equivalent experience) preferred Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related role (e.g. Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist, Business Analyst) with a track record of manipulating, processing and extracting value from datasets Proficiency in SQL (Python or R a plus) Experience with analytics platforms (Google Analytics, Google Cloud Platform, Amplitude, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to translate technical data sets into meaningful product and user insights. Thrives in an entrepreneurial environment, blending creativity and collaboration to develop solutions. Financial fluency and curiosity for social impact investing a plus. Leads with empathy, integrity, and openness to learn – a person who welcomes candid feedback, and can constructively give it as well. We are building an amazing product and culture, so your attitude is just as important as your resume.