Solution Architects within the Life Time Technology group at Life Time are responsible for delivering the technical design and development of software components for assigned projects. Examples of Work Performed 10% of their time on management tasks, 40% on technical design and mentoring, 50% on writing code. Design, code, and test technical solutions with an emphasis on TDD. Use appropriate technical design methods to explain your approach. Strive to eliminate defects as early as possible by actively participating in code reviews. Understand the necessity of coding standards and lead effort to ensure delivery based on the coding standards. Increase efficiency of team by mentoring other team members. Proactively work with Business Analysts to understand project requirements. Estimate development effort to deliver. Understand and communicate technical and functional design requirements to other team members. Recognize and effectively communicate risks to project timelines and quality. Understand, challenge and support architectural expectations. Support and help guide the evolution of the system's architecture Identify system deficiencies and proactively recommend solutions. Ensure technology, legal, security and process standards are followed across all development efforts. Remain current on technology trends applicable to Life Time's business Qualifications Education: Four-year college degree in related field or equivalent combination of education and experience Experience: 10+ years of experience in the software industry 4+ years of experience using .NET 2+ years of experience leading or mentoring team members Experience with as many of the following as possible: Strong experience with Agile and Scrum Strong experience with REST services Strong experience with AngularJS, Vue.js or a similar JavaScript framework MuleSoft or other similar integration platform Azure API Management or another similar API gateway platform Azure Service Bus or other similar cloud messaging platform Integration tools & techniques (Orchestration, SOA, XML, JSON, SOAP, REST, etc.) CI/CD helping to move the team forward in maturity Licenses / Certifications / Registration: None required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Characteristics Strong communicator able to explain complex technical situations to relatively non-technical co-workers and key business stakeholders. Cool under pressure, able to simultaneously manage many details and priorities. Able to lead a complex technical project through to completion. Solution oriented mindset creative use of technology and alternative approaches. "No"is not in your vocabulary. Able to work with teams to balance solution vs. budget, schedule, and tools. Equally at home working with creative, business, and technical people. Appreciation of marketing strategy and business strategy and ability to determine the best technical solutions to support these strategies. Focus on broad technical expertise. Enthusiasm to learn new technologies, and ability to do so quickly, on the job. Physical / Mental Requirements and Working Conditions Work is performed in an office setting. This position is required to regularly: Talk and hear Use hands and fingers to organize, place and move workflow Read, write, type and comprehend text Visually observe objects up close and at a distance Effectively communicate and interact with others Use reasoning and solve problems through analytical deduction