Responsible for all technical service operations. Assists in the training of new library aides and technicians on technical service tasks. Independently performs acquisition duties by implementing established procedures for technical services functions. Prepares, verifies, and processes all procurement purchase requests in accordance with AF Library and Information System procurement guidelines, regulations, general library philosophies, and funds procedures for various funding sources as directed by the supervisory librarian. Collects bibliographic data for ordering library materials. Using established procedures, renews subscriptions. Monitors receipt of all items purchased and routinely follows up on outstanding orders. Reports purchasing/delivery discrepancies to senior technician. Recommends titles for possible inclusion in the collection. Performs copy cataloging to meet specific library requirements. Uses automated cataloging resources such as OCLC to obtain and modify catalog records for new library materials in a variety of formats. Downloads cataloging data for materials into the Integrated Library System (ILS) to make the records accessible to library users. Ensures catalog records are accurate and current. Maintains name, series, and subject authority control records. Using established procedures, prepares library materials in a variety of formats for use by library customers. Logs in periodicals and checks for missing issues. Assists in the annual inventory of library materials. Using established procedures, prepares materials for disposal via excess lists or DRMO and prepares appropriate paperwork. Monitors and maintains stock levels of office and specialized library supplies. Assists in providing ready reference services to library customers. Refers difficult reference questions to the senior technician or librarian. Assists library users with library equipment. Performs routine clerical tasks. Uses varied and advanced functions of computer software to prepare, format, modify, edit, email and print a variety of letters, reports, memos, and other documents Assists at the circulation desk as needed. Refers unusual or complex problems concerning work processes to the appropriate staff member. Performs other related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS Must have specialized experience in a library that provided specific knowledge of library rules, policies, and procedures for circulation and technical service. Must be able to read, write, and speak English. Must have experience or training that demonstrates the ability to perform computer processing. Must have experience in a library that provides the applicant with general knowledge of standard library rules, policies, and procedures in technical services. Must have typing experience. Work requires some physical exertion such as long periods of standing; recurring activities such as bending, crouching, stooping, stretching, and reaching; pushing loaded book trucks; and recurring lifting of moderately heavy items. Must be physically able to frequently lift boxes of up to 40 pounds. Must be able to reach up to 72 inches with or without the assistance of a step stool. Must be able to satisfactorily complete a pre-employment physical. Successful completion of a National Agency Check with Inquiries is required. Must possess skill applying standard customer service practices when dealing with the public. "All Federal NAF Employees are required by PL 104-134 to have salary payments made by electronic funds transfer/direct deposit." EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER