The Advanced Data Analyst will help inform and guide cross-functional strategic decision-making through the use of advanced analytical techniques within our Financial Advisor Services Division (FAS). They will serve as a subject matter expert to help guide, coach, and develop junior data analysts on executing analytical projects. We are looking for a candidate that is a strong strategic analyst and also has a comfort in working with large data sets. The Financial Advisor Services (FAS) story is one of growth, innovation, and endurance. We may adapt when the market changes, but we never waver in our core belief that lower costs result in greater value for our clients. We’ve gained a loyal following by serving clients (advisory firms, Target Broker Dealer, RIA, Bank, and Institutions) with a consultative approach that employs simple, reliable tools and resources to ensure consistent, long-term performance. To continue our success story, we are seeking strategic, creative thinkers and influential experts eager to help us continue to revolutionize the industry. Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Analyzes data and surfaces insights using advanced analytic methods. Has sound approach to solving complex analytical problems such as various predictive and clustering models, advanced simulation and optimization techniques, experimentation design and measurement, decision-science approaches. Is able to challenge and validate analytical techniques employed by other analysts. Leverages the analytical solutions into actionable recommendations and present succinct, well-informed cases to the business. 2\. Communicates effectively across all levels of the organization. Demonstrates comfort engaging with senior business leaders and offering persuasive counterpoints when required. Communicates complex analytical material in layman’s terms. Makes strategic recommendations when appropriate. Prepares and delivers insightful presentations and actionable recommendations. Informs business decisions based on analytical findings. Guides business partners on the interpretation and use of analytic results. 3\. Understands cross-functional businesses, processes, and strategies with deep knowledge and subject matter expertise across multiple data domains. Is influential in shaping business strategy through exploratory data mining and is viewed as a thought leader. Proactively suggests analytical opportunities. Defines new process improvement through metrics and works closely with senior business leaders to drive business process. 4\. Is a subject matter expert across multiple analytical techniques and serves as an informal SME - influencing, developing, mentoring, coaching, and training other data analysts across the department. Proactively expands knowledge of business and analytics and shares with the department. 5\. Acquires structured and unstructured data and prepares the data for analysis. This includes cleansing and transforming the data, creating new derived data attributes when needed, documenting and communicating key assumptions and caveats, and employing sound recommendations for handling missing data points. 6\. Interacts and engages with and Analytics manager, Intake Manager and internal clients in a consultative manner to translate complex cross- functional business problems and transform them into actionable objectives informing broad business decisions. 7\. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree (BS/BA in Information Technology, Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent combination of training & experience required. Graduate degree with a concentration in Data Analytics, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics preferred. Proficiency in applied statistical techniques, cluster and segmentation analysis, time series analysis, regression/logistic regression analysis. Has advanced expertise and understanding of analytical & reporting tools and capabilities, in addition to knowledge of programming and scripting languages, such as Excel, Access, Composite, Tableau, Adobe Analytics, Python, R, SAS, SQL. Excellent written/oral communication, project management and presentation skills. Able to clearly articulate and present findings and recommendations to team members and management, and to technical and non-technical audiences. Understands divisional technologies, tools, applications, databases, and datasets, including those that interface with various functional business areas and front end systems. Advanced data visualization skills and understanding of data modeling / query writing. Understanding and interpreting business needs and translating needs into data requirements Working with (large/”big”) data sets, data processing, ETL processes used to support reporting and data visualization solutions (advanced/expert; 4+ years of experience). Project management experience required. Solid organizational skills; ability to work across multiple functions. Superior testing and quality control skills. Strong analytical skills coupled with the ability to form hypotheses and draw meaningful insights from disparate data sources. Special Factors Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.