Manufacturing Engineer About Potrero Medical Potrero Medical is an exciting, high momentum, startup located in the San Francisco Bay Area. Our medical device, the Accuryn Monitoring System, received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in 2016 and helps hospitals accurately measure patients’ vital signs such as urine output, body core temperature, and intra-abdominal pressure. It is an exciting time for our company as Potrero Medical recently closed on $26.6 Million in oversubscribed Series C financing. At Potrero Medical, we bring together world-class experts to develop the next generation of smart sensors and artificial intelligence. Our goal is to advance Potrero's mission in Predictive Health and continue to provide accurate real time monitoring of patients’ vital signs. The team will need you to accomplish goals while being responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open environment built on a culture of teamwork and collaboration. General Summary Implement engineering efforts defined by the Director of Manufacturing. Assist in the overall Manufacturing and Operations for all programs and projects. Support the production and manufacturing of new technology projects within the company. Provide support/guidance for manufacturing of the company’s product line, from initial concept stage design, through verification, production and into initial clinical evaluation & commercialization. Products manufactured are done so in accordance with the Quality Management System and company objectives and timelines. Provide information and direction to senior management team regarding product processes, developments, and enhancements. Work with distribution partner & third party manufacturing firms to produce product. Essential Job Functions (included but not limited to) Actively participate in the preparation and analysis of tactical operating plans and new portfolio plan for manufacturing. Apply engineering knowledge to the manufacturing of new products as well as process changes and enhancements. Perform multi-discipline engineering manufacturing including mechanical, electronics and software engineering. Lead technicians, assemblers, consultants and contractors. Provide on-going technical support to production line for equipment, process or design related issues. Implements changes to continuously improve manufacturing systems in terms of quality, cost, cycle time, and capacity. Contribute to product design of medical device and maintain DMR. Author and maintain accurate documentation of processes and production of products. Work with other engineering, clinical and regulatory affairs, sales and marketing, and quality assurance staff to coordinate development of new products. Assures business affairs are conducted according to established company policy. Assists in company product development milestone implementation and realization. Coordinates orders of components and supplies from suppliers for product development and manufacturing. Interacts with suppliers to secure product and packaging components. Interacts with contract manufacturers. Performs product manufacturing and assembly activities as needed. Assigns work to technicians and temporary workers as needed. Works with Quality to facilitate product testing functions to assess physical performance of product. Drafts and maintains the manufacturing procedures. Designs production assembly for improving and streamlining assembly processes. Collaborates with reviews of production quality assurance processes, ensuring high quality products are developed with adequate controls. Maintains product design and quality system document files. Implements quality-related functions associated with product development and manufacturing. Authors and implements process validation activities. Works within full QSR systems. solves engineering and manufacturing problems at the component through system level. Scope of Position Responsibilities Receives direction from the Director of Manufacturing to manufacture product as defined by the strategy and overall direction of the company. Executes plans to assure company meets its objectives. Requirements Education: Bachelor’s degree or higher in engineering, science, technical or related field Experience: Experience in an FDA and ISO regulated environment preferred 1 year of engineering, medical device manufacturing, or manufacturing in a regulated industry Knowledge/Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills Problem recognition, analysis and recovery Reading and math Group speaking Computer literate – Use of word processing and spreadsheets We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.