This critical role has a broad scope that covers marketing operational efficiency, business and customer analytics and marketing execution. This leader must be resourceful and strong at operational execution, data analytics and problem solving, and must be self-motivated and have high emotional intelligence and integrity. This individual will report directly to the Vice President and balance responsibilities spanning our rhythm of the business, communications, executive management, and culture. Responsibilities are specific but not limited to: _Marketing Operations –_ Manage and support the operational efficiency of the marketing organization. Collaborate with key stakeholders within the organization and across the company to define, prioritize, and monitor key performance indicators on a quarterly and annual review cycle. Lead, manage and develop the Marketing Operations and Analytics team. Manage “run the business” operations such as business reviews, staff calls, organization meetings, quarterly meetings and planning meetings – set the cadence and agenda including executive reporting on marketing’s impact to the business. Help prioritize schedule and calendar Facilitate the process for setting global goals, targets, measures, and dashboard priorities across the marketing organization. Assist with preparation for key meetings and reviews with executive leadership Budget management, forecasting, reconciliation and reporting for the organization. Ensure marketing activities and spend map to organizational strategy through annual planning, prioritization, reporting, and business reviews. Program manage the complexity and volume of portfolio and offer launches and ensure a successful launch that is on time and achieves the KPIs for the business and launch requirements. Identify and govern the definition, measurement, and monitoring of Marketing KPIs across regions, products, campaigns, and program initiatives. Including identifying risks and providing corrective action recommendations to key stakeholders. _Marketing Data Analytics_ – Provide a more sophisticated way to better identify customer opportunities though customer behavior insights and analytics. Develop a new way to gather, analyze and define the program, methodology and processes to provide a data driven and intelligent assessment of the customer and the requirements they have to transform their business. The result is informed marketing activities that highly targeted and tailored to guide the customers through their business transformation . Analyze customer behavior data and define services revenue opportunities with process for measuring analytics accuracy and success. Develop process and cadence for the most efficient way to identify opportunities based on customer behavior analytics. Collaborate across teams to gather sources or data and develop process to obtain data in an automated, timely and efficient process. Measure and track success of program. Define milestones, deadlines, and templates with pace and level of detail required to normalize our customer and data requirements needed to drive process and revenue across various projects, functions in the marketing organization. (ex. Customer behavior, personas, needs, campaigns, customer segments, accounts, online, etc.). Communicate regularly with key stakeholder to ensure alignment and accountability. Partner with the Project Management team to manage global intake, prioritization, requirements gathering, and execution of key projects. Overall analytics and reporting of marketing program metrics and success across the marketing organization. Drive the strong marketing programs through marketing automation, messaging and online and offline activities to provide strong leads to sales for warranty and renewals. Customer Enablement – Deliver the most compelling and relevant content to customers and sales through customer engagement on our capabilities, customer stories and advocacy, creative visualization of our marketing assets. This leader will guide the team in developing world class marketing programs with definition, process, measurement and reporting on the marketing programs below. Customer advocacy and references Case studies Promotion, communication and education of our capabilities Social engagement and programs to have ongoing dialogue with our internal and external customers. Requirements: Strong data analytics and business acumen Accustom to fast pace, demanding environment Problem solving expert and innovative thinking are a must Strong strategic/financial analysis skills Highly-developed communications skills (written/verbal), presentation and interpersonal skills Ability to create presentations, executive emails, blogs, papers and any other written material for the VP Proven track record of effectively interacting with senior management Ability to work strategically and collaboratively across departments Results/action-orientation; project management skills with strong attention to detail Organizational and political agility; developed negotiation skills Unquestionable personal code of ethics, integrity, diversity and trust Able to successfully navigate within varying degrees of ambiguity in a fast-paced environment 15+ years work experience in analysis, project management and presentations to sr. execs Willingness to work hard and take direction—but also creatively solve problems for which the answers aren’t always obvious Deep understanding of marketing functions across various marketing disciplines Qualifications: 15+ years or related experience, preferably in the areas of executive staff management (chief of staff role), business development, or corporate investments. A Bachelor's degree or an advanced degree, such as an MBA. Ability to lead cross-functional virtual teams and driving key business development initiatives from creation to implementation in collaborative manner Demonstrated ability to influence executive leadership on complex topics Ability to communicate and influence all levels and functions of team members Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.