Who we’re looking for: Self-motivated, driven, confident and, a humble professional with the insatiable desire to learn new things and strives for excellence. Someone who takes extreme ownership of your tasks and area of responsibility. You see the cloud as home and have worked with Office 365, OneLogin, Okta, Box, GoogleApps, etc. A passionate problem solver and an engineer at heart; you can’t hear about an issue without digging deep to find a solution. Keeping up with the latest tech, you are a tinker with technology even when you are off the clock. What you’ll do: PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES : Provide support on all GRAMMY Musuem and Mobile Chapter employee service desk calls and tickets. Escalating incidents only after first steps have been completed and documented in the ticket. Complete all New Hire and End of Service steps for GRAMMY Museum employees. Take lead on all New Hire and End of Service Tickets that arrive in the support desk que. Complete all account and software provisioning steps, leaving only the hardware setup for an onsite resource in Santa Monica. Create and maintain KB videos for common service desk scenarios. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES : Active directory tasks such as resetting passwords, creating users, GPO, managing security groups, and user terminations. Provide Service Desk support of IT services to include customer service, triage, problem solving and support tracking documentation of IT services to include requests related to mobile devices, desktop support, software installation, service provisioning, networking, application support and others. Able to manage assigned tasks, interact with internal and external customers, and clearly communicate status information. Serves as a contributor in proposing areas where standard desktop/laptop changes or process changes are needed and work with project teams to ensure system stability, reliability, and availability. Documents complex maintenance and troubleshooting documents for use by peers and end-users (KB's). Also mentors junior personnel in developing skills for routine maintenance and troubleshooting. Provide resolution to IT support requests for Tier 1, including serving as an expert and department resource for the more complex problems Remotely provide end user support by remote assistance applications and over the phone. Implement, install, configure, monitor, troubleshoot and evaluate new and existing operations systems for PC, Mac, and servers. Skills & experience toolbox: Must be self-directed when it comes to completing assigned tasks. Must have effective time management skills. Skills in conveying knowledge to users, peers and management regarding products and project plans. Experience with the use of an ITIL Service Management tracking tool such as Samanage. Skills in creating and maintaining user self-help documentation, technical documentation and procedural documentation. Considerable up-to-date knowledge of computer and networking hardware and software products along with their operation and maintenance. Technologies may include, but not limited to: OSX | Windows 7, 10. Microsoft Applications (Office 2016, O365, MS Suite of SaaS Apps) Microsoft Active Directory/Group Policy Basic understanding of LAN, WAN, TCP/IP networking concepts and configurations. Project Management SaaS Apps such as Asana, Smartsheet, and Project. Virus protection Shoretel VoIP telephone systems Firewall appliances such as Meraki Remote support applications such as TeamViewer Training or degree in computer science or relate study. 1+ years of experience: Helpdesk/Service desk position Provisioning and managing mobile devices on a corporate network Windows/Office LANs Supporting mobile employees Certifications related to technical field is a plus Strong verbal and written communications skills Effective time management: Candidate must be able to correctly prioritize duties to keep up with shifting deadlines and be efficient in completing tasks both individually and as a member of our team. Flexibility with a schedule: The Museum is open 7 days per week, you must be willing to work overtime or a modified schedule. Have a valid California driver’s license and vehicle. Physical demands for certain roles: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and sit for long periods of time, and work at a computer for long periods of time. The employee will be required to lift and/or move up to 60 pounds. ABOUT THE RECORDING ACADEMY AND ITS AFFILIATES RECORDING ACADEMY The Recording Academy represents the voices of performers, songwriters, producers, engineers, and all music professionals. Dedicated to ensuring the recording arts remain a thriving part of our shared cultural heritage, the Academy honors music's history while investing in its future through the GRAMMY Museum, advocates on behalf of music creators, supports music people in times of need through MusiCares, and celebrates artistic excellence through the GRAMMY Awards—music's only peer-recognized accolade and highest achievement. As the world's leading society of music professionals, we work year-round to foster a more inspiring world for creators. GRAMMY MUSEUM Established in 2008 as a partnership between the Recording Academy and AEG, the GRAMMY Museum is a non-profit organization dedicated to cultivating a greater understanding of the history and significance of music. Paying tribute to our collective musical heritage, the Museum explores and celebrates all aspects of the art form—from the technology of the recording process to the legends who've made lasting marks on our cultural identity. In 2017, the Museum integrated with its sister organization, the GRAMMY Foundation, to broaden the reach of its music education and preservation initiatives. As a unified organization, today, the GRAMMY Museum fulfills its mission of making music a valued and indelible part of our society through exhibits, education, grants, and public programming. MUSICARES A friend and ally of the music community, MusiCares was established by the Recording Academy to safeguard the health and well-being of all music people. A four-star charity and safety net in times of need, MusiCares offers confidential preventative, recovery, and emergency programs to address financial, medical, and personal health issues. Through the generosity of our donors and volunteer professionals, our dedicated team works across the country to ensure the music community has the resources and support it needs. LATIN RECORDING ACADEMY The Latin Recording Academy is an international, membership-based organization comprised of Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking recording artists, musicians, songwriters, producers and other creative and technical recording professionals. The organization is dedicated to improving the quality of life and cultural condition for Latin music and its makers. In addition to producing the Latin GRAMMY Awards to honor excellence in the recorded arts and sciences, The Latin Recording Academy provides educational and outreach programs for the Latin music community either directly or through its Latin GRAMMY Cultural Foundation _®_. Equal Opportunity: The Recording Academy provides equal opportunity in programs and employment and is strongly committed to maintaining a climate supportive of respect for differences and equality of opportunity. We promote excellence through diversity and encourage all qualified individuals to apply.