Leads all aspects of Exclusive Brands nutrition, supplement and other non-food product mandatory labeling to support marketing strategies, formulation, and labeling. Provides technical expertise and insights to promote nutrition and regulated claim messages for all products, while administering federal, state and local labeling regulations. Leads efforts for collection of all label sensitive specification information, enforcing regulatory and quality standards policies, analysis and claim verification for new product development and product change projects. Ensures that products are aligned with Exclusive Brands Merchandiser’s project objectives, Exclusive Brands Nutrition Philosophy, meet and/or exceed Whole Foods Market (WFM) Quality Standards and meet end user requirements. Maintains Exclusive Brands labeling procedures, programs, processes and systems and data integrity to enable good business decisions and minimize risk of packaging errors and product recalls due to labeling. Administers change control process for the Nutrition and Labeling Compliance Team. Works cross-functionally with other Innovation & Quality sub-teams, the Global Quality Assurance Supplier Operations team, Exclusive Brands Package Design and Compliance team and Exclusive Brands Merchandisers to coordinate the label specification development and release of multiple products (projects) simultaneously. Duties and Responsibilities Lead the generation and delivery of label sensitive nutrition, supplement, body care, consumer product and other non-food information for Exclusive Brand products as part of the release to design function. Act as the primary technical resource for the management of label sensitive specification information, associated regulations and standards. Resolve all technical issues that impede the progression of specification review and Release to Design function. Lead the team of Nutrition, Labeling and Compliance Analysts. Coordinates, assigns and supervises team workload to completion through delegation and effective communication. Provides timely and constructive communication to the Nutrition and Compliance Team to ensure the team is advancing with the business strategy. Administers regular one on ones, annual job dialogues and annual individual development processes. Drives efficiency and continuous improvement of the Release to Design process for Exclusive Brands. Establishes and reports accountability practices and performance measurements. Serves as lead nutrition and compliance resource for all customer questions and internal stakeholders. Drives productivity of team members by delegating and coordinating all team activities as necessary. Direct efforts to deliver accurate compliance specifications, nutrition standards/innovation and product change request pipeline; meeting standardized turn-around time and throughput. Leads development of Exclusive Brands nutrition targets and benchmarking, nutrition and wellness marketing claims and monitoring of competitors. Work with internal and external resources to track consumer health and nutrition trends, develop WFM Exclusive Brands nutrient benchmarks and strategy; utilize outputs to influence project work. Operates collaboratively across various functions within the organization and with outside partners. Manage tracking and reporting function of the project pipeline from spec review to Release to Design, providing status and advice to appropriate departments during the specification review process. Establishes product controls and procedures to ensure that newly developed products meet the customer needs as well as meet established company and regulatory standards (USDA and FDA) for food, supplements, body care, consumer products, pet food, OTC and medical devices. Monitors Federal, State and Local labeling regulations and internal quality standards to maintain compliance. Determines and implements new software applications for project management and collaboration. Seeks out and leverages new, enabling technologies. Upholds the quality, integrity and accuracy of existing Exclusive Brands products by managing and maintaining accurate product data throughout the product lifecycle (inception to discontinuation) using appropriate supporting documents and software solutions. This includes product change requests from vendors and internal issue discovery originating from WFM team members. Works with the Innovation & Quality Coordinator and other Team Leaders on short and long term strategy and development and harmonization of policies, processes and procedures. Requirements and Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Nutrition or Food Science or equivalent strongly preferred. 6-10 years’ experience in regulatory/nutrition labeling and claims management. In-depth knowledge of government labeling regulations (i.e., FDA Code of Federal Regulations title 21- Food Labeling, USDA Standards and Labeling Policy, and USDA Child Nutrition Program, Dietary Supplements Labeling, OTC Labeling, Medical Device Labeling and other non-food labeling) affecting Exclusive Brands Products. Strong problem solving skills including: root cause analysis, risk assessment and corrective action. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong influencing and negotiation skills. Possesses strong teamwork and interpersonal skills to facilitate interaction with cross-functional team members such as Procurement, QA, Regulatory, outside vendors and consultants. Proficient in multitasking and prioritization to meet deadlines. Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently while meeting established timelines. Computer proficiency and familiarity with Microsoft Office applications. Preferences The ideal candidate will have: Extensive labeling experience/knowledge. Strong project management skills. Exceptional attention to details. Ability to develop and implement nutrition strategy for Exclusive Brands. Experience working in consumer packaged goods industry. Knowledge of food safety and food processing environments. General understanding of product development and commercialization. Familiarity of retailer web-based PLM systems At Whole Foods Market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled.