The position’s primary focus will be PeopleSoft security development, designing, assist in automating repeatable tasks, testing, documenting and maintenance of projects supporting campus-wide PeopleSoft applications (Integration Hub v9.2, Campus Solutions v9.2; HCM v.9.2; Financials v.9.2).Responsible for compliance with University policies and procedures related to the overall Identity Access Management. Minimum Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related field. 5+ years of PeopleSoft application access control / security administration experience (specifically in HCM, FMS, Campus Solutions, and/or Enterprise Portal). An equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be considered. Preferred Education and Experience Essential Duties and Responsibilities Participate in analysis and design of securing all entry points for PeopleSoft system. Assist in resolving PeopleSoft security related production issues. Configure/develop security objects that adhere to PeopleSoft development, standards and best practices, and the ability to document the security changes so that they may be interpreted, maintained and enhanced. Ability to understand SQRs, Application Engine and other PeopleSoft tools and functions. Responsible for compliance with University policies and procedures related to the overall People Soft Security environment including PS Access change management controls and related documentation. Responsible for analyzing, modifying, testing, debugging, implementing, demonstrating SDLC experience, supporting systems related to access provisioning and federated authentication. Maintain PeopleSoft security across multiple instances Support Integrated PeopleSoft security across application zones Thinking strategically, suggesting process improvements and help in creating standardizations Identifying, troubleshooting, testing, and resolving PeopleSoft security related issues Assist in the development of IAM strategies that aligns with UTD’s objectives Developing and sending communications to end users Providing a point of contact for end users experiencing problems Remain knowledgeable of trends and advancements in information systems and information technology in order to assess the feasibility of implementing new services, systems, and technologies Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information No visa sponsorship available. Special Instructions Summary