This position is responsible for operating several support functions associated with flight activities including dispatching, data collection, flight following, and other customer service activities as required by the CWU Department of Aviation and its Flight Training Program. Position will coordinate dispatching activities with student employees, flight instructors, and line and maintenance personnel. Job Duties Daily Operations Support & Dispatch Keep Chief of Flight Operations informed of current status of flights and aircraft availability. Dispatch and coordinate student flights with instructor and aircraft schedules. Coordinates and debriefs pilots on aircraft discrepancies, assure proper documentation, and report to maintenance technicians in an expedient manner. Maintain current, accurate flight status information in flight training software information board. Dispatch and coordinate to cover aircraft (i.e. aircraft maintenance, fueling and cleaning). Assist with evaluation of the weather for departure/arrival flights to determine trip feasibility. Maintain fleet records inventory levels and aircraft preventive maintenance schedules. Use proper radio procedures. Assist in maintaining safety in flight operations. Flight Training Support Provide high level of customer service and maintain a department image of CWU as a leader in Aviation Education and Flight Training. Provide accurate data for aircraft/flight training dispatcher check-in to ensure proper billing for all flight and FTD transactions daily. Implement schedules for all student courses of training. Office & FBO Support Answer phones and provide a high level of customer service related to Flight training and Fix Based Operations (FBO). Perform shipping and receiving duties by checking in, tagging, and storing incoming stock in accordance with shop procedures. Perform data collection, create work orders, data in-put for invoicing, ordering parts and supplies, and documenting warrantee paperwork. Execute all required paperwork in connection with assigned normal duties. Other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications Progressively responsible clerical experience. Experience or training demonstrating the ability to use Excel, Word, e-mail and similar applications to produce written correspondence, create spreadsheets, and manage e-mail and tasks. Excellent communication, problem-solving, time-management, and interpersonal skills. Excellent customer service experience. Ability to be a collaborative team member. Ability to adapt to change and effectively handle stressful or adverse situations. Ability to effectively organize multiple assignments while maintaining accuracy and timeliness. Experience demonstrating the ability to take initiative to accomplish tasks, independently prioritize work, pay attention to details, complete work in a timely manner, and adjust tasks as circumstances dictate. OR applicable combination of education/experience demonstrating the ability to perform the essential functions. Preferred Qualifications Experience as a dispatcher. Experience implementing a general emergency plan. Knowledge of flight operations. Knowledge of air traffic control terminology and procedures. Knowledge of proper radio voice procedures. Ability to read, understand and explain current weather reports, forecasts, and aircraft performance charts. Collegiate flight school program operations experience. Knowledge of Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations related to flight school operations. Experience working in the aviation industry. Experience working in aviation dispatch, scheduling, or maintenance shop. Competencies _Accountability/Dependability:_ Accepts responsibility for quality of own work; acknowledges and corrects mistakes. Shows up on time, meets standards, deadlines and work schedules. _Judgement:_ Makes timely, informed decisions. Analyzes options and determines appropriate course of action. _Teamwork:_ Promotes cooperation and mutual support to achieve goals. Encourages participation and mutual support. _Adaptability/Flexibility:_ Responds positively to changing business needs and responsibilities. Adapts approach and methods to achieve results; recovers quickly from setbacks and finds alternatives. _Commitment to Diversity:_ Recognizes the value of diversity and helps create environment that supports and embraces diversity. Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule Salary : $2367/month with periodic increases up to $3054/month Schedule/Appointment : Fluctuates between 7 AM - 10 PM, Monday through Friday, with occasional work on Saturday and/or Sunday / PSE Bargaining Unit 4 Working Conditions : Work is performed in an indoor office setting with frequent in-person interactions. It is essential to be able to remain at a desk/computer work station for prolonged periods of time, perform extensive data entry and other computer-related tasks and create/maintain filing systems for departmental records. Some evening or weekend work and/or occasional travel may be required. Benefits : _CWU offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical and dental insurance, retirement and optional savings plans, life and disability insurance, along with vacation and sick leave plans depending on employment classification. For additional information please visit:_ _http://www.cwu.edu/hr/benefits-0_ How To Apply To apply for this position, you must complete the on-line application and attach: A detailed cover letter clearly demonstrating how your education and experience: (a) meet the required (and, as applicable, preferred) qualifications, and (b) demonstrate the ability to perform the responsibilities as described by the posting; Resume including work history, education, training; and Contact information for three professional references. Screening Begins: June 17, 2018 Priority will be given to applications received by the screening date. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Contact Information Name: Lisa Broweleit Title: Program Support Supervisor Email: Lisa.Broweleit@cwu.edu Phone: (509) 925-4009 Website: Aviation Please contact Human Resources at hr@cwu.edu or 509-963-1202 if you require technical assistance with the on-line application process. Conditions of Employment Prior to employment, final candidate(s) will be required to submit to a background check. All information obtained through background investigations will be strictly confidential and revealed only to those required to have access. This position is part of a Public School Employees of Washington (PSE) bargaining unit. The seniority date for the selected applicant shall be set in accordance with Article 43.2 of the Public School Employees (PSE) collective bargaining agreement.