Overview HP Engineering entails utilizing established engineering disciplines to test and safeguard the manufacturing standards for new and existing HP products. Working with internal stakeholders and outsourced development partners, you will develop and execute solutions to resolve any existing issues, ensuring that our operating processes are cost-effective and uphold the highest quality. Full Time Level: Middle Travel: Minimal (if any) Success profile What makes a successful Engineer at HP? Check out the top traits we’re looking for and see if you have the right mix. Communicator Deadline-oriented Entrepreneurial Open-minded Problem-solver Team Player Rewards Medical Holidays Flex Time Life and Disability Insurance Work/Life Balance Onsite Gym/ Fitness Center Job Description There are not many times in your career when you get the opportunity to change a multi-billion dollar franchise, work with scary smart people and build out your resume so that it is the envy of your friends. Welcome to HP’s Instant Ink organization! Using agile methodologies combined with paired programming, you will be working with the most cutting edge and web technologies such as Ruby on Rails, Splunk, New Relic, Jenkins, AWS and others. There will be weekly deploys of your software and real-time access to performance telemetry. With HP Instant Ink, our goal is to address the 1 pain point consumers have been telling us about printing: cost of ink. Through a new and innovative model, we will transform the global inkjet market by changing the perceived value of ink while enabling additional, new revenue generating business models. HP Instant Ink represents one of the top strategic priorities for HP’s Print organization, and will give you visibility at the highest levels in the company. The Consumer Business organization is reinventing how customers print. We have developed an exciting new business model where customers just pay for the pages they print ( www.hpinstantink.com ). You could be part of this team building new software and services. This is an exciting opportunity to develop and grow the web presence and rich processing required to massively scale this business for HP. We are looking for a few highly motivated and talented back-end web developers to join the team and help grow our solution. This is an exciting time to join and learn agile, test-driven, pair programming, based around Ruby-on-Rails in a real and profitable business environment. Join the fast-paced organization that is reinventing printing for the consumer. Additional Job Details: Musts: Bachelor's (undergraduate), Master's (graduate) degree in Computer Science or equivalent from an accredited institution Interest in system engineering Demonstrated familiarity with web languages Understanding of Agile methodologies Excellent communication skills Result oriented and schedule driven Debugging experience Wants: Industry software development experience Linux experience Ruby-on-Rails Test-Driven-Development, Unit Test, RSpec Database skills (MySQL), querying and design GIT version control JavaScript CSS HTML, HTML 5 Responsive UI development Ability to analyze the performance and scalability of complex systems Experience in all phases of the software development lifecycle Ability to work with fast changing requirements