ROLE SUMMARY The Business Analyst utilizes knowledge of the assigned business unit(s) and systems technology to conduct operational and work flow studies of units to design and implement enhancements to computer-based systems. The Analyst builds test data, tests systems, and analyzes test results. He/she establishes program scopes and timelines, and facilitates implementation of system changes. They also create specifications for reports or software enhancements. QUA L IFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS Education: Bachelor's degree in business, information systems, or a related field. Experience may be substituted in lieu of degree. Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing Methodologies, and Supply Chain Management principles and practices required. Experience: Five years related experience, preferably in a healthcare environment. Knowledge of business unit-specific systems preferred Licenses/Certificates/Registration: n/a At Virginia Mason Memorial, our vision is to "create healthy communities one person at a time." This means that each member of our award-winning team works to provide our patients, and their families, with the best medical and individual care possible. Why do we do what we do? As the region's leading health care provider and Yakima's largest employer, we believe that by improving health, we will transform Yakima! We work together to demonstrate our values of Respect, Accountability, Teamwork, Stewardship, and Innovation for everyone who walks through our doors, patients and coworkers alike. Does this sound like the place for you? We would love to hear from you! Come be the best of the best with us! We offer competitive benefits and compensation, including a generous 401K plan, medical, dental, vision, and life insurance, an employee wellness clinic and leadership development and education. _"Yakima Valley Memorial Hospital provides reasonable accommodations to assist qualified individuals in order to perform the essential duties/requirements their job requires._ ___The description is intended to provide only basic guidelines for meeting job requirements and serves as merely a summary rather than a complete listing of duties._ ___Responsibilities, knowledge, skills, abilities, and working conditions may change as needs evolve."_