First Republic is an ultra-high-touch bank that provides extraordinary client service. We believe that one-on-one interactions build lasting relationships. We move quickly to serve our clients’ needs so that their financial transactions are handled with ease and efficiency. Client trust and security are paramount in our line of business. Ultimately, our goal is unsurpassed client satisfaction which will lead to personal referrals – our number one source of new business. We recognize that our competitive advantage starts with our people and our culture. At First Republic, we work hard and move quickly as a very coordinated team. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow and contribute in a fun, fast-paced environment, First Republic is the place for you. We have exceptional people focused on providing extraordinary service. This position will be the Network Engineering Architecture Lead on First Republic Bank’s transition into cloud computing in 2018 and 2019. In concert with other architects within First Republic Bank, this position creates a center of expertise and forum for common network component design, reuse and exploitation; and provides significant contribution to the definition and documentation of network standards and best practices. Responsible for migrating legacy networks to public and hybrid clouds and for cloud-specific network solution architectures using automation and software defined networking tools. Responsibilities Owns the creation of the cloud network-specific solution architecture(s) needed to deliver the desired outcome, which includes: Identifying the network systems/platforms required to achieve the end-to-end solution and creating a solution context diagram Designing the new network solutions along with interface definitions to existing systems Identifying the dependencies between various network components of the solution and, working with engineers and other architects ensure that systems/platform owners can deliver their solutions on time Drives Cloud (IaaS, and PaaS) Network Architecture principles Creates solution artifacts and presents them to the Architecture Review Board (ARB) for review and approval. Works with Project Managers to break solutions into work streams and tasks. Coordinates with every platform/system owner involved in the overall solution. Works with the network engineering delivery teams to oversee the delivery of the solution. Provides technical leadership for a team of network engineers and administrators, setting the tone for definition, design and implementation of new network infrastructure components and services. Works with engineers to maintain overall network platform stability, security and reliability Qualifications Education: Bachelor's or Master's Degree in technical or business discipline or related experience Certifications: The following certifications are highly desired but not required: CCIE or CCNP (Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert) or (Cisco Certified Network Professional) COBIT (framework – develop, implement monitor/improve IT governance and management practices) ITIL (ITIL – set of detailed practices for IT service management) CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) Required Work Experience: A minimum of 8-10 years of network infrastructure operations and engineering experience A minimum of 5-7 years’ experience managing a network engineering team Able to demonstrate detailed understanding of architecture principles and methods, technology and standards (specifically AWS) Able to demonstrate detailed understanding of public cloud platforms (specifically AWS) Able to demonstrate detailed understanding of cloud automation and orchestration approaches and tools (specifically AWS) Minimum 2 years-experience delivering cloud solutions on AWS or MS Azure. Able to demonstrate detailed understanding of integration architectures for network, information security and identity management approaches Highly motivated by creating business value through the effective use of technology Utilizes research and self-learning to ensure technical credibility Familiar with industry changes in network technology standards, cyber security, development standards, methods and emerging third party software in order to advise on technology and leverage industry best practice in the design and construction of First Republic Bank’s client facing network solutions Able to effectively communicate solution architectures along with reasons behind approach Understanding of cloud architectures including both AWS and Azure Able to effectively articulating and presenting the benefits and technical advantages of First Republic Bank’ s solutions to technical and non-technical First Republic Bank staff Complex strategic transformation experience, such as outsourcing and internal IT process re-engineering of ITIL/ITSM processes. Broad knowledge of LAN, WAN, voice and video technologies (e.g., routers, switches, load balancers, firewalls, network and routing protocols, SDN, DNS, VoIP and their related traffic patterns). Broad knowledge of staple IT technologies (e.g., operating systems, servers, virtualization, storage, software development, and their related impacts as it pertains to network resources). MENTAL/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: The ability to learn and comprehend basic instructions; understand the meanings of words and respond effectively; and perform basic arithmetic accurately and quickly. Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals and computer screens. Hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person. Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions. Position involves sitting most of the time, but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. Must be able to travel in a limited capacity.