Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Up to 25% Relocation Provided: No American General Life Insurance Company Responsible for leading the department and key initiatives that support AIG - Individual Retirement and Institutional Markets data strategy and analytics solutions. Plans and oversees critical technology programs focused on providing high-value data and advanced analytics capabilities to measure and analyze business performance. In collaboration with the Life & Retirement, CTO Office defines and implements the strategy and roadmap for data and analytics platforms including the Data Warehouse (ADW), Data hub, Data Science platforms, Visualizations, Ad hoc queries, Reporting and Self-Service and Statistical Analysis. The candidate is expected to demonstrate the following skills/experience: hands-on skills in processing large data sets, familiarity with data structure, big-data concepts, cloud computing, open-source tools and optimization techniques, excellent oral and written communication skills, client focus and the ability to support and enable teamwork. Must be self-motivated and able to operate independently but with a high degree of collaboration within IT and our Businesses Supervises departmental staff to include managers, scrum masters, data architects, business analysts, ETL developers and business intelligence developers responsible for defining and implementing the core data and analytical platforms. Collaborates with IT departments (Enterprise Architecture, Application Teams, IT Operations, Quality Assurance, and PMO ) to ensure timely and quality delivery of solutions and integration with Life & Retirement architecture and quality standards. Responsibilities: Innovative leader setting the vision, direction and strategy for the data and analytics team Manage all vendor SOW and contingent worker processes for the team. Management of AIG offshore resource deliverables and relations. Manage staff supporting Data Services, Reporting Services, Data transformation & App Integration Interface well with business leads and Sr. management to ensure requirements are clearly understood, documented and solution design meets business requirements. Oversee project portfolio and financials to ensure the group operates within budget. Manage development team who create business intelligence reports and dashboards. Ensure smooth, timely and compliant delivery for data sourcing requests. Partner with L&R CTO team and ensure data/reporting/analytics standards, design patterns are implemented with high quality, high availability, scalability and reliability. Partner with IR / IMG PMO to ensure that all projects supported by the team meet the standards for documentation and communicate statuses Collect and manage status reporting to various stakeholders. Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience required. Master’s Degree preferred. 15+ years managing complex IT programs 10+ years managing on and offshore resources 5+ years managing vendors and contracts Experience as a developer with expertise in waterfall and Agile methodologies Ability to handle multiple priorities and adapt to a constantly changing environment Self-starter with the ability to work independently and take initiative. Ability to translate ideas and business requirements into business solutions. Experience with the full development life cycle of an application stack - from architecture through test and deployment. Strong skills in SQL and proven experience working with at least one of the major databases platforms (SQLServer, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Sybase, or Postgres) Experience with key reporting solutions including Cognos, Qlikview, and Power BI. Proficient in system architectures (translating application design to operational requirements) Familiarity with big-data concepts, cloud computing, open-source tools, and optimization techniques is preferred. Implementation experience specifically using Talend, Hortonworks, Map Reduce + tools such as Pig, Hive etc. Deep understanding of database and analytical technologies in the industry including MPP databases, noSQL storage, Data Warehouse design, BI reporting and Dashboard development. Strong analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to communicate with senior management concisely and effectively. Articulate and bold with a friendly customer focused demean Excellent organizational skills Knowledge of Life & Retirement or Annuities business a plus. A leader who has the ability to motivate teams to go above and beyond and whom develops the loyalty and commitment of the staff. Ability to identify, develop, and recognize talent within the team and fosters the growth. It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.