OFFICE TECHNICIAN III ( 00002499 ) Organization : TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : Camp Hubbard Bldg 1 4000 Jackson Ave Bldg 1 Austin 78731-6007 Job : Office and Administrative Support Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 State Job Code : 0154 Salary Admin Plan : A Grade : 13 Salary (Pay Basis) : 2,453.25 - 3,333.34 Number of Openings : 1 Overtime Status : Non-exempt Job Posting : Jul 31, 2018, 11:24:42 PM Closing Date : Aug 15, 2018, 11:59:00 PM Description Thank you for your interest in employment with the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles (TxDMV). To apply for this position, complete an on-line application either through the TxDMV CAPPS External Applicant Career Section at https://capps.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en or through Work In Texas (WIT) at http://www.twc.state.tx.us/. For job opening inquiries or to request a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act please contact the TxDMV Human Resources Division by calling 512-465-4043. Applications must be received by the closing date in order to be considered for this posting. TxDMV does not accept paper applications. Veterans: The following two websites provide useful information and other job opportunities. Military to Civilian Occupation Translator http://www.careerinfonet.org/moc/ and the Texas Veterans Commission http://www.tvc.state.tx.us/Helful-Documents.aspx. If requested, reasonable accommodations will be made for persons with disabilities for any part of the employment process in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. GENERAL DESCRIPTION Performs complex administrative support work for the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles (TxDMV), Motor Vehicles Division (MVD). Work involves disseminating information within TxDMV to support MVD activities, performing internal administrative support work including document and report preparation, and maintaining filing systems. Works under general supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. ESSENTIAL DUTIES Researches, validates and determines approval or denial of license fee refunds requests based on requirements, statutes, administrative rules, and agency policies. Collaborates with agency Accounting Services Division and Texas State Comptroller's Office. Receives division requests for purchases and prepares purchase orders for management approval based on requirements, statutes, administrative rules, and agency policies. Tracks and receives all purchases for the division. Researches the costs of products and services through different providers and identifies cost saving options. Maintains filing systems for MVD documents. Performs MVD records retention and inventory activities. Researches, validates and approves invoices for payment. Researches and resolves any discrepancies for documents including invoices, purchase orders and payment records. Researches documentation and responds to inquiries from licensees, internal and external customers, and agency stakeholders. Compiles and enters data for tracking reports by monitoring MVD activities and using data including refunds processed, purchase orders, inventory transfers and section expenditures. Serves as the division timekeeper and sends staffing updates daily to staff. Tracks employee leave requests and reviews MVD timesheets for accuracy and compliance, resolves discrepancies, and submits to agency Accounting Services Division for processing. Prepares and distributes correspondence, forms, reports and documents to internal and external customers. Provides an in-service for new employees regarding office procedures, facilities, etc. Submits and monitors all facilities and service requests for the division. Assists with the development of policies and procedures and project assignments. May schedule division travel arrangements and prepare and submit travel vouchers and reimbursement requests to agency Accounting Services Division. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. Competencies Knowledge of: Automated record-keeping methods Inventory/stock control procedures Facilities and procurement support service operations Financial management and accounting systems Excel Software Skill in: The responsibilities associated with administrative practices and procedures to include writing, editing and report writing techniques, recording meeting notes, record keeping and records management Researching, analyzing and interpreting policies and state and federal laws and regulations Planning, coordinating and handling multiple projects within area of responsibility to meet short and long term deadlines Ability to: Work within established time lines and meet deadlines Maintain effective working relationships with others CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Veterans, Reservist or Guardsmen will need to provide form DD 214 to verify eligibility for Veterans' Preference. For applicants claiming Surviving Spouse or Orphan veterans' preference eligibility, you will need to provide a DD 1300 or DD 214. These will be required on or before the first day of employment if selected for the position. Official sealed transcripts of all college hours/degrees listed on State of Texas application will be required on or before the first day of employment if selected for the position. As part of its employment process, TxDMV may procure or have prepared a criminal background check. An applicant with an unsatisfactory criminal background check report is ineligible to be hired for the position for which the report is initiated. Driver's record check will be conducted by the Department. Satisfactory driving records are required for driving state or personal vehicles and motor driven equipment to conduct agency business. External final male applicants who are 18-25 years of age will be required to furnish proof of registration or exemption from registration with the Selective Service System. If hired, employee must provide document(s) within three (3) days of hire date that establish identity and employment eligibility. A complete list of acceptable documents is on file with the local Texas Workforce Commission office or http://www.twc.state.tx.us/. REMARKS Veterans, Reservist or Guardsmen: Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) codes from each branch of the U.S. Armed Forces that may correspond to the state classification title for this position can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx The salary range on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum allowed by the state classification salary schedules; however, budget considerations may result in salary offers below the maximum of the posted range. Must attend work regularly and observe approved work hours. Initial screening is based on the Education and Experience minimum requirements defined in the job posting. Resumes, pictures, letters of recommendation, references and/or training records or certificates submitted will not be given any consideration and not forwarded to the hiring authority. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EMPLOYER Qualifications MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Education and Experience Graduation from high school or equivalent plus four (4) years progressively responsible secretarial, administrative support or warehousing and automated property accounting experience. College education in business administration areas or technical training in clerical, secretarial or office administration support-related areas may be substituted for experience on a year per year basis. (Experience requirements may be satisfied by full-time experience or the prorated part-time equivalent.)