Are you a match? We have an immediate need for a professional with a solution focused mindset to help our customers solve business challenges through the use of technology. The ideal consultant is an individual who wants to be part of an energetic, innovative and successful team. If you have a strong background in being a member of a team that leads enterprise-level planning and implementation projects, as well as, are a subject matter expert in Core Infrastructure capabilities, Sparkhound is interested in you joining our team. As a Core Infrastructure Senior Consultant you will : Lead the delivery of projects and solutions to completion in a team environment while demonstrating a consultative personality, leadership mindset, and collaborative communication style. Create customer branded solutions leveraging marketing assets that deliver a high quality experience for end customers. Show an understanding of Information Security best practices. Demonstrate excellent team and customer service skills. Possess one or more advanced professional certifications related to chosen discipline Possess a strong background in Enterprise-level architecture design and engineering of industry standard (best-of-breed) core infrastructure technologies. Mentor and/or lead 1-2 teammates in the development of consultative and technical skills to maintain a high performance customer delivery team. Perform other related duties as required and assigned. Professional Qualifications: Four-year degree (or work experience equivalent) and 4+ years of experience with a proven advanced skill-set and enterprise experience across various Cloud Solutions. Ability to understand the business needs and propose a technology solution that addresses the associated requirements. Proven ability to communicate at multiple levels of a mid-size to enterprise-level organization. Ability to work equally as effective independently or in a team environment. Assist sales and consulting team in driving new opportunities and educating clients on applicable technology solutions. Strong written and oral communication skills. Technical Qualifications: The ideal candidate will demonstrate skills and applicable experience in two or more of the following technical roles: At least 7 years related work experience in building, deploying & operating large scale cloud platforms 5+ years building the infrastructure for data intensive solutions Experience designing and managing complex infrastructure and cloud solutions Strong verbal and written communication skills. Solid understanding and application of mathematical concepts applicable to the design and operations of scalable distributed systems. Experience with ETL architectures, data movement technologies, and data integration solutions. Ability to quickly learn and comprehend existing complex system infrastructures. Knowledge of Big Data, Streaming, Hadoop, and other noSQL data systems. Experience with Amazon and Microsoft Cloud Solutions and/or data design for cloud computing/multi-tenant/distributed systems. Expertise with containerization (Docker) along with serverless technology. Experience building and maintaining a continuous delivery framework for a microservices architecture _Sparkhound Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected characteristics._