LifePort Inc. is a world leader in the design and manufacture of a variety of fixed wing and rotary wing mission equipment for military and commercial aircraft. In joining the LifePort team, you will be joining a global team committed to delivering quality products and services that delight our customers. LifePort is currently searching for a dependable and results oriented Quality Manager for Cabinetry at LifePort, located in Woodland, WA. The two key functional responsibilities of this position are to drive Quality Assurance and all of its associated responsibilities within the Cabinetry group, as well as lead a team of hourly quality assurance professionals. Specifically, these are the primary duties: Lead the Quality Management System in area of responsibility. Manage Quality in Cabinetry, as it pertains to AS9100, and FAA Parts 21 & 121, and Part 145. Manage various customer programs, involving customer interface, monitoring and timely completion of customer requirements. Coordinate supplier quality actions relative to products and services provided to Cabinetry that includes onsite auditing, troubleshooting and Supplier Gold Program initiatives. Develop and monitor metrics relative to escapes, delivered quality, scrap, rework & repair, and business operations results. Investigate to determine relentless root cause and corrective & preventive action utilizing resident continuous improvement operating system tools. Investigate to determine root cause and corrective action utilizing resident continuous improvement operating system tools. Manage performance, evaluation and skill advancement of direct reports. Provide performance feedback formally/informally; rewards/recognizes employee contributions. Support continuous improvement processes and initiatives for functional areas of responsibility. Maintain data bases and mine information to have real-time and accurate reports measuring goal accomplishments. Demonstrate commitment to achieving ESH (safety) goals and objectives including compliance with all applicable policies, procedures and training requirements for a safe workplace. Ensure compliance with company’s policies, procedures, guidelines, standards, etc. Uphold company values, ethical conduct, mission and vision. Develop/maintain performance metrics and manage to highest efficiency (e.g., DOI, Sustaining Costs). Complete special projects commensurate with management role. Position may require 10% travel. Desired Skills: • Prefer a Bachelor’s Degree in related area. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: At least six (6) years of leading quality assurance functional responsibilities, and leadership experience of salaried and hourly employee Quality, manufacturing, ISO, continuous improvement, FAA, and other related certifications/licenses are welcomed. Proven AS9100/ISO9001 Quality Systems experience. Proven FAA PMA and/or Part 21, 121, 145 Repair Station experience. Demonstrated Quality Management and Engineering skills are essential. Experience in driving continuous improvement processes such as through Six Sigma, Green Belt, or higher certifications. Possess advanced levels of verbal and written communications skills. Proficient in the Microsoft products and familiar with MRP/ERP systems. Be able to adapt to an ever changing environment and motivate team to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.