The Production Operator is responsible for the assembly and building of Supermicro products that meet product quality requirements and shipment deadlines. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Includes the following essential duties and responsibilities (other duties may also be assigned): Assemble products in production line. Employ high standards of assembly work to ensure high quality products are being produced on schedule. Follow standard operating procedures and schedules to meet daily demands. Perform in-process inspection to ensure products meet specifications and standards. Maintain organized and safe work environment. Follow instructions and respond to management direction. Adhere to company and production department’s policies and procedures. Perform other assembly line duties as directed by supervisor. Qualifications : High school diploma required, college degree preferred. Prior experience with assembly a plus. Must be able to read and understand assembly instructions, production orders and all other documentation used to control processes. Physical Requirements : The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job: Standing, walking, sitting, talking/listening, crouching or crawling, reaching with hands and arms. Lift, carry, push and pull in excess of 25 pounds. Ability to lift up to 40 lbs. and ability to utilize a “buddy system” for products weighing more than 50 lbs. Work Environment : The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job: Primarily works indoors in an office setting with controlled climate conditions. May be susceptible to outdoor weather conditions (i.e., cold, heat, rain, and/or wind). About Super Micro Computer, Inc.: Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI) is a Top Tier provider of advanced server, storage, and networking solutions for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/ Big Data, Hyperscale, HPC and IoT/Embedded customers worldwide. We are the 5 fastest growing company among the Silicon Valley Top 50 technology firms. Our unprecedented global expansion has provided us with the opportunity to offer a large number of new positions to the technology community. We seek talented, passionate, and committed engineers, technologists, and business leaders to join us.