RMA Associate Return Merchandise Authorization Essential Functions _An individual must be able to successfully perform the essential functions of this position with or without a reasonable accommodation._ Authorize return of defective merchandise Receive and process returned goods Categorize and label defective parts based on vendor and defect Maintain records and communicate trends Receive and process incoming LCD Buyback orders Test received LCD&rsquo;s for functionality and qualify for acceptance Maintains quality service by following organization standards. Maintains safe and clean work environment by keeping shelves, cart area, and workstations neat Maintaining clean supply area; complying with procedures, rules, and regulations. Completes reports by entering required information. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed Communicates to Customer Service team to give customers a flawless experience Competencies SKILLS: Skills are required to perform multiple tasks with a potential need to upgrade skills in order to meet changing job conditions. Specific skill-based competencies required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include: adhering to safety practices; handling hazardous materials; operating equipment used in warehouse/delivery activities; preparing and maintaining accurate records; and operating standard office equipment including using pertinent software applications. KNOWLEDGE: KNOWLEDGE is required to perform basic math, including calculations using fractions, percent, and/or ratios; understand written procedures, write routine documents, and speak clearly; and solve practical problems. Specific knowledge-based competencies required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include: safety practices and procedures; and warehousing software applications. ABILITY: ABILITY is required to schedule activities and/or meetings; gather, collate, and/or classify data; and consider a variety of factors when using equipment. Flexibility is required to work with others in a variety of circumstances; work with data utilizing defined and similar processes; and operate equipment using standardized methods. Ability is also required to work with a diversity of individuals and/or groups; work with similar types of data; and utilize a variety of types of job-related equipment. Problem solving is required to identify issues and create action plans. Problem solving with data may require independent interpretation; and problem solving with equipment is moderate. Specific ability-based competencies required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include: communicating with diverse groups; adapting to changing work priorities; meeting deadlines and schedules; and working as part of a team; lift, carry, push, pull or guide up to 50 pounds individually or more than 50 pounds with assistance. Physical Activities _The following physical activities are necessary to perform one or more essential functions of this position._ Enters and locates information on computer. Communicates effectively in person or by using telecommunication equipment. Visually verifies information, often in small print.