Marketing Statement MetroPlus Health Plan provides the highest quality healthcare services to residents of Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island through a comprehensive list of products, including, but not limited to, New York State Medicaid Managed Care, Medicare, Child Health Plus, Exchange, Partnership in Care, MetroPlus Gold, Essential Plan, etc. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of NYC Health + Hospitals, the largest public health system in the United States, MetroPlus’ network includes over 27,000 primary care providers, specialists and participating clinics. For more than 30 years, MetroPlus has been committed to building strong relationships with its members and providers to enable New Yorkers to live their healthiest life. Position Overview Work with business units to collect user requirements by analyzing business needs and interviewing knowledgeable parties, and documenting results; and assisting end users with training needs on MIS supported systems. As part of the vital link between our organization’s information technology capabilities and our business objectives, a skilled business analyst will contribute to MetroPlus’ success and growth in many ways. Job Description Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. Determine operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats. Work with Development Teams when designing new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Improve systems by studying current practices; designing modifications. Recommend controls by identifying problems; documenting procedure improvements. Monitor project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports; recommending actions. Maintain system protocols by writing and updating procedures. Provide references for users by writing and maintaining user documentation; providing help desk support; training users. Maintain user confidence and protect operations by keeping information confidential. Prepare technical reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Contribute to team efforts by accomplishing related results as needed. Establish and maintain relationships with third-party vendors and other data partners. Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in related field preferred; Background in Managed Care preferred. Experience with analysis, reporting and development tools, including MS SQL Server, MS Office, COGNOS, Crystal Reports, and other data-driven analytical tools as applicable; Excellent analytical and problem-solving Skills Ability to analyze, evaluate and construct accurate and efficient process solutions to business problems Ability to work in a team Ability to understand business needs Ability to work independently with little supervision Ability to understand and work within MetoPlus' policies and procedures Strong analytical and product management skills requires, including thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements Familiarity ow NYS, Federal and other regulated reporting processes preferred. Professional Competencies Integrity and trust Customer Service Focus Functional and Technical skills necessary to perform at a high level Written and Oral Communication skills How To Apply If you wish to apply for this position, please apply online by clicking the "Apply Now" button or forward your resume, noting the above Job ID , to: MetroPlus Health Plan Human Resources Department 160 Water Street 8th Floor New York, NY 10038 Attn: Recruitment Unit This is a unionized position, in addition to a variety of options for Health Benefits through MetroPlus, unionized employees are eligible for vision, dental, life insurance, prescription drug coverage and more through their designated union.