About the Position The System Administrator (SA) is responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. The System Administrator plans and proposes solutions, advocates software and systems for the betterment of productivity and efficiency of the business. This individual participates in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the infrastructure. Additionally, this individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational value and enabling the IDS teams. Responsibilities and Deliverables Manage Active Directory incidents, problems and requests as well as maintain and monitor the AD infrastructure to include group creation user maintenance, group policies, and the addition, modification, and deletion of users Maintain VMware Horizon View infrastructure and desktops Administrative focus on core cloud applications including SalesForce, AWS, Ivanti HEAT, Office 365, Sentinel One, NetSuite, and CrashPlan Support VMware environments including an understanding of environment deployment and recompose of VDIs Provide technical support for both hardware and software issues Manage the configuration and operation of client-based computer operating systems Create and verify backups of data Respond to and resolve help desk requests Upgrade systems and processes as required for enhanced functionality and security issue resolution Administer infrastructure, including firewalls, databases, malware protection software and other processes Ensure network connectivity throughout a company’s LAN/WAN infrastructure is on par with technical considerations Maintain network servers such as file servers and VPN gateways Review application logs Install and test computer-related equipment Provide technical mentoring and documentation to junior IT technical staff Work with IT director on procurement methods, vendor selection, and annual budgeting Perform daily system monitoring for integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, systems, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups Travel Expectations Minimum travel required for this role About You Associate’s or bachelor’s degree in a technical major, or equivalent experience Minimum of 5 years’ experience with Active Directory and as a System Administrator including back office duties (phone, applications) Experience with databases, networks (LAN, WAN), patch management, Cisco ASA firewall technology and Cisco switching and routing Advanced knowledge of system vulnerabilities and security issues Familiarity with VMware technologies Ability to work with PowerShell Ability to respond to help desk requests after hours on a limited basis Working knowledge of product applications platforms and/or product systems platforms Strong communication and interpersonal skills Demonstrated organizational and analytical skills. Self-motivated and independent in developing engineering solutions Familiarity and working knowledge of Microsoft suite About IDS International Decision Systems, Inc. is a world-class software developer of enterprise level software for the commercial finance industry. Headquartered in Minneapolis with global offices in Australia, Europe and India, International Decision Systems, Inc. has a 40-year history of serving the majority of the top 200 leasing organizations worldwide. International Decision Systems, Inc.’s customers are among the largest publicly traded organizations in the world and they value International Decision System, Inc. for its nimble, responsive technology expertise. At International Decision Systems, Inc. you’ll be part of an innovative team of professionals who serve the world’s commercial finance industry with progressive products and financial depth only available from an integrated strategic partner. Candidate must be able to pass criminal and credit background check. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are committed to a diverse workforce.