Come join us! To learn and grow each day and unleash your potential while delivering solutions for the Worlds Leading Brands. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional Data Architect and Data Modeling from past engagements for Enterprise Data warehouse, Analytics and Reporting projects will best fit to the role. Well understating of auto-financial data, risk management matrices around those are much more essential. Relational Data Modeling, star/snow-flake data warehousing schemas and queries around those are the focus. Key Responsibilities: Lead role in designing, architecting ETL solutions, Data analysis, Dimensional Modeling andETL Design on assigned projects. Aid in gathering Requirements, conducting Business Analysis, and writing Technical Design Specifications. Evaluate and design Conceptual /Logical and Physical Data Models; define logical views andphysical data Security structures. Lead the efforts to develop Informatica code, Design, Develop and modify, Informatica mappings, workflows using all necessary Transformations as applicable. ETL and stored procedure performance tunings, Optimization, Code Quality and Standards. Validates and Review the Test Plans and Test Scenarios, Test Cases; verify Test Results. Adheres to BI documented Development Standards, Best Practices and Guidelines,ensure compatibility, scalability, and integration with other data platforms. Effectively communicates with project team by escalating problem in a timely manner. Effectively communicate with Business users and customers. Review the designs and code created by others and provides constructive feedback. Key Requirements: 10+ years of experience required in related field (i.e. ETL, Data Warehousing and Analytics); Strong data analysis skills, Dimensional Modeling, experiences in designing Star Schemas. Ability to lead and effectively facilitate design sessions with business customers and the BIteam in order to derive data requirements and data design information. Need to be very good in understanding requirements for Data Quality, Metadata, and DataLineages, Operational Data Management and provide the Solutions. Previous work experiences in large scale data integration and data warehouse solutionsdatabase exceeding 100+ TBs. Extensive hands-on experience in technologies like ERWin /ER Studio data modeling tools. Work experience with ETL tool Informatica, SQL query expertise are very much essential. Experience in a Unix/Linux environment Experience with Autosys Scheduler Experience with Netezza Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us : Orange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.