Overview In 1897 C.C. Filson began outfitting prospectors headed for the Gold Rush with tools and apparel strong enough for the toughest spots on earth. More than 100 years later, Filson remains committed to providing pioneers of all fields around the world with unfailing goods made from the highest quality materials available. Filson recognizes that it takes a world-class team to make a world-class product. As we build on the Filson legacy of American craftsmanship, we are looking for individuals who share our dedication to innovation, excellence, and superior customer service. Position Overview The Product Data Specialist creates, maintains, and updates all necessary payroll information for the entire manufacturing work force. Responsibilities Maintain data integrity within ERP system Scan barcodes into payroll system Enter production hours for each manufacturing employee Generate and audit the daily payroll report Audit and process payroll discrepancies in conjunction with the Payroll Manager Manage and distribute reports on the production posting process Maintain base pay rates and standards in the payroll system Other duties as assigned Qualifications Excellent computer skills, intermediate knowledge of Excel required, Microsoft Office Suite a plus Team player with exceptional organizational skills Ability to read, write and speak English - Multi-Lingual in Cantonese, Vietnamese or Mandarin a plus Detail oriented Willingness to learn new things Basic math skills required Physical Requirements The physical demands described here are representative of those that any employee must meet to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform those essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to: Regularly alternate between sitting and standing for 8 hour shifts Use hands and fingers to work cutting tools, trimmers, and industrial machinery Use hands, fingers, and arms to lift, squeeze, pinch, grab products/items/supplies Reach up, across, or down to retrieve products and supplies See, talk, and hear. Occasionally required to sit and walk Occasionally required to move or lift up to 40 pounds Carry products throughout facility to workspace Ability to pass a pre-employment background check Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to view small details within 2 feet to inspect quality of products coming through cutting room. _Note: This job description is not meant to be all-inclusive. Employee may be required to perform other duties to meet the ongoing needs of the organization._ _Filson is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that every employee has the right to work in surroundings that are free from all forms of unlawful discrimination. It is our policy that all decisions involving any aspect of the employment relationship will be made without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, the presence of any sensory, mental, or physical disability, veteran and military status, genetic information, political ideology or any other status or characteristic protected by local, state or federal law. Discrimination and/or harassment based on any of those factors are totally inconsistent with our philosophy of doing business and will not be tolerated._ _With regard to applicants or employees with disabilities, the company offers what the law refers to as "reasonable accommodation" to enable a person to perform his or her job_ LI-BV1