The Business Entity Cisco Umbrella focuses on cloud-based security. We operate as an Agile company, with low management overhead in a startup-like environment. We use a variety of technologies across many operating systems, including web technologies, analytics, and client software. The company is fun, high- performance, celebrates success, and allows employees to really own their work. Cisco respects its employees (and their time), believes in work-life balance, and offers flexible telecommuting options. We are leading the charge within Cisco to transition its security strategy to the cloud, and you will be a major contributor to that effort. What You'll Do Using the latest cloud services and technologies, you'll build tools, automations, and services that make it easier to develop and deploy features to our customers. We are focused on the core platform, and our mission is to craft the systems and tools that enable our teams to work more quickly and effectively. Who You'll Work With You will join a dynamic, multi-talented Engineering team where new features are delivered to customers multiple times a day. We apply our startup culture to the problems of a multi-billion-dollar business. We have a diverse set of skills, so you'll learn and grow every single day. You will work across development teams to build solutions that make their lives easier. Who You Are You are obsessed with the “developer experience” and finding ways to remove friction from the development workflow. You love solving problems that make developers' lives easier. You’re happy working in a continuous delivery environment, and reaching out across teams to solve problems. You are comfortable working in Javascript, as well as working with CI/CD environments and AWS in general. Required Education, Experience & Skills: Demonstrable skill with modern Javascript (web apps, libraries, CLI apps) Experience with CI/CD systems (Jenkins, Concourse) Experience with Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, CloudFront, Lambda) Experience with secure coding best practices and remediation Excellent oral and written communication skills Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills Desired Skills: React / Redux Publishing NPM modules Experience working in an Agile environment Experience building (and supporting) web applications, microservices, and multi-datacenter applications Golang Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. Why Cisco Cloud Security Cisco Cloud Security enables you to securely embrace the cloud. It protects users against threats anywhere they access the internet and secures your data and applications in the cloud. You can also use the cloud to enhance security through simplified policy management and dynamic threat intelligence. With Cisco Cloud Security, you gain complete visibility into internet activity across cloud applications, all office locations, and roaming devices, plus faster threat detection and response. Cisco Cloud Security provides an effective security platform that is open, automated, and easy to use. And it’s backed by industry-leading threat information delivered by the Cisco Talos security intelligence and research group. We Are Cisco. LI-JS1