Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. About HICOR The Hutchinson Institute for Cancer Outcomes Research (HICOR) takes an innovative approach to improve the effectiveness of cancer prevention, treatment and therapy while stemming the high costs of cancer care. HICOR’s diverse portfolio includes federally and privately funded research projects investigating a variety of aspects of the cancer experience in the community, including patterns of screening, treatment, and treatment decision making, with particular interest in health care economics and outcomes. HICOR also has experience in designing and performing cost-effectiveness analyses of drugs, devices, and interventions, with an eye towards supporting public and private decision making to maximize health value under resource constraints. Job Summary HICOR is seeking a Data Operations Project Manager to manage cost, cancer outcomes and cancer care delivery data-related projects and deliverables in collaboration with HICOR faculty and external clinical and commercial partners. The Data Operations Project Manager is responsible for managing the workflow, processes, regulatory requirements, partnerships (internal/external), platforms and customers of HICOR’s Data Asset. The role includes tasks such as setting up and tracking data use and legal agreements, standardizing policies and procedures, and maintaining a high level of data integrity. The candidate should be capable of independent judgment in data management, quality control, and data liaison activities. _Please include a cover letter with your application. It should discuss the specifics of your qualifications and interest in this role._ Responsibilities While working with research and project staff, and in support of project- specific requirements, the following tasks will be performed in addition to other duties as assigned. Support data operations and management activities: Develop, create and maintain SOPs and policies related to data assets and business practices, systems operation/integrations, regulatory compliance and other technical processes Data acquisition, including Medicare data requests CMS Qualified Entity certification Develop, track and maintain HICOR data repository use requests Track and maintain Master IR file Status reports Prioritize and monitor data operations activities, ensuring that research needs and timelines are met Manage projects, facilitate meetings, and produce documentation related to activities described Perform other tasks related to study data management operations, as required Maintain high data quality and security standard: Work with other team members to develop and implement standardized reporting formats procedures and processes. Participate in meetings with regard to data quality assurance and analysis Participate in reviews of security, procedures and policies Write, update, and oversee the production and distribution of data operations manuals Communicate clearly with scientific and other staff: Serve as liaison with Hutch Data Commonwealth and the Fred Hutch Information Security Office Serve as a reference resource to internal and external collaborators with data questions Assist in preparing work estimates for assigned projects Maintain ongoing contact with project teams to ensure timely delivery of data for a variety of projects and analyses. Qualifications Required Qualifications: BA/BS in related field Minimum of three years related experience in a research setting Able to write protocol documentation Proactive management style, including ability to work independently and confidently with senior scientists and executives Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and effectively with technical and non-technical colleagues Excellent organizational skills and the ability to work on multiple project simultaneously Ability to work collaboratively within multidisciplinary teams including scientists, project staff, data engineers, data scientists, clinicians, administrators, etc. Ability to strategically lead efforts to increase data integrity and quality across all sources Preferred Qualifications MA/MS/MPH or PMP Certification Experience with acquisition of data, especially Medicare data Experience with CMS Qualified Entity certification Knowledge of healthcare systems, medical coding and claims and/or background in the medical field. Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.