Aspect employs a team of passionate individuals who are changing the face of customer engagement. Over our 40-year history we have empowered employees by creating an inspired community that values customer obsession, unlocked communications and relentless innovation. Our ability to think big has enabled us to continually evolve and lead the market, and to stay on the forefront with exciting technologies including cloud, mobile and artificial intelligence. Job Description GENERAL SCOPE & SUMMARY Working primarily with Aspect's LATAM clients, the Credit & Collections Analyst will provide analysis and interpretation of customer’s financial condition for proper evaluation of risk and the establishment of credit limits. Management of assigned Accounts Receivable. Contact customers to address outstanding accounts receivable effectively securing prompt payment from customers while employing commercial sensitivity, business acumen, and good judgement. Coordinates with internal departments (sales team, support ops, project management, and order management) to resolve billing disputes that may affect the ability to collect receivables. Prepare recommendations and makes credit approval decisions on existing and new accounts. Monitors and communicates credit concerns to management. Proactively provide financial guidance for review of order backlog to control credit exposure. Daily review of backlog to address credit issues. Reviews and makes recommendations regarding bad debt or write-offs. Investigates and analyzes credit risks, using available internet and credit agency tools and information. Recommends and implements credit extensions/revocations, and/or legal action where necessary. Ensures procedures and internal controls are followed in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley initiatives. Position can be located in Phoenix, Orlando, Lombard, IL or Westford, MA. Candidates MUST have fluency with Portuguese language in order to work with our clients in Brazil PRIMARY ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Analyze customer financial statements Assess credit risk and establish credit limits. Provide financial order management support to Supply Chain and Sales personnel to control credit exposure, effect timely payment and minimize risk of customer disputes. Daily review of order backlog to address any potential credit issues. Conduct collection calls and written communication (emails) to collect accounts receivable. Negotiate customer disputes to resolution. Provide customer service and develop relationships with internal/external customers (Sales, OM, Support, Operations, Contracts, Channel, and End User customers) Maintain Accurate credit files and collection files. Maintain electronic collection notes for each customer account. Actively participates in the team-based work groups that make up the Credit Department. Qualifications SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Portuguese Language Specialist. Knowledge of Collection Activity Apply basic accounting principles in the interpretation of customer financial statements. Strong customer service and teamwork skills. Professional demeanor to maintain and enhance relationships. Effective business writing and professional communication skills. Ability to prioritize daily workload to attain Department goals. Experience working with ERP systems, Netsuite would be ideal Ability to use professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a variety of problems Ability to provide solutions to problems of moderate scope where analysis of situation or data requires a review of identifiable factors. JOB REQUIREMENTS 2 - 5 years of relevant credit and collections experience working specifically with clients in Brazil and other Latin American countries. Portuguese, Spanish and English language skills as needed for customer interaction Bachelor's degree or equivelant experience Understanding of financial statements Customer facing experience Ability to pass a background check LI-AB3 Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group.