ABOUT OUR COMPANY... GlassView is a new type of marketplace for brands and publishers, designed for the modern Internet. The world's leading brands and their agencies use GlassView Advertising Exchange (GvX) to drive engagement for their original brand content on premium websites. Top media companies use our software platform to create, manage, and monetize elegant, social video advertising on their sites for all kinds of devices. We are already working with 30 of the Global Fortune top 50 Brands, with offices in NYC, Singapore, Tokyo, Mumbai, Shanghai, Sao Paulo, and Vancouver. Our technology takes the interruption out of advertising and integrates it into a contextually relevant experience for the user. Our company has many clear cut differentiators, including a wide reach of over 281 million in the US and 1.5 billion people worldwide. Our platform has developed one of the first real time optimization algorithms in marketing (The GlassView Effect) and a proprietary branded video player, with over 28 different ways to serve video, (just check out our products page on our website!). The result? A better user experience for consumers, higher user engagement for advertisers, and a better Internet. Key Differentiators Include: Global Offices, Access, and Scale Our Integration Technology with Snapchat which allows brands to increase their Snapchat followers (First & Only to Market). Partnership with The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania to deliver, optimize, and study branded social videos on Wearables and the Internet of Things. Over 28 Different ways to serve video, customized & at scale (www.glassview.com/products) About Our Team: GlassView has assembled a unique, one of a kind team, comprised of global game changers, including: Renaud Dutreil - LVMH North America, Former Chairman served in highest levels of French Government Stephanie Newhouse - Condé Nast, Former Executive & Social Media Expert Jim Porcarelli - Co-Founder MediaCom North America Dennis Colon - VP Operations, CBSi Candy Pratts Price - Vogue.com & Ralph Lauren, Former Creative Director Clémence von Mueffling - Founder & Editor of Beauty and Well Being Lord Gregory Barker - Former UK Minister of Energy & Climate Change Didi Pei - the chairman of the China Institute and partner of the legendary Pei Partnership Architects WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR... Willing to create reports, work on application reviews, sales analysis, quality analysis and forecasting. The individual will determine best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for the current business operations. They will also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. Skills that grab our attention: Results driven Strong Presentation Skills Hard working and detail oriented Persuasive Analytical/good thought leader Comfortable communicating with different groups of people Goal oriented sales personality Persistent About you: Passionate – about digital video, social media & online culture A self-starter – excellent at organization and calm under pressure Analytical – able to solve problems creatively and articulate solutions and suggestions Able to collect, synthesize and report data A go getter – take the initiative to get things done Detail oriented Excellent at organization and able to take the initiative on projects Deliver to tight deadlines Communicate effectively with clients face to face, over the phone, and via email Excel, PowerPoint and Google Apps