Job Description The MySQL Database Administrator reports to the Manager of Database Systems. As the Sr. MySQL Database Administrator you will be responsible for performing both advanced and all general database administration functions including overall database and system design, database installs including upgrading and patching, backup and recovery and developing replication strategies also employing both advanced and general performance tuning strategies. The Sr. MySQL Database Administrator works closely with Development Teams in troubleshooting SQL statement issues and presenting fact based findings to developers to improve processes. This position plays a role in making recommendations to improve web application processing issues and design. Required Skills: Advanced knowledge and experience in MySQL database architecture and system design. Advanced knowledge and experience in MySQL database performance tuning principles. 7+ years of experience as a MySQL DBA in a high traffic, transactional environment. Experience with data sharding, horizontal partitioning or Galera cluster. 5+ years working in a LAMP environment, particularly PHP/MySQL combination. Experience with MySQL Replication, with both Master-Slave and Master-Master Experience in administration of InnoDB. Ability to work cooperatively with software engineers and system administrators. Exceptional problem-solving expertise and attention to detail Experience in Linux environment with understanding of the operating system. Linux shell scripting, perl, python Advanced knowledge and experience in physical/logical database design. Strong Install, configure, patching, and upgrading MySQL databases. Support operations for both development and production databases. Experience and success in automating administrative tasks Strong understanding of hardware performance, memory and I/O Advanced knowledge and experience in database security management Makes technical presentations to Sr. Management and internal customers. Advise Sr. Management on ways to improve overall system and database processes. Ability to handle multiple/conflicting projects and deadlines. Ability to work on call and provide 24/7 production support. CLDSFT5K Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years in depth MySQL DBA experience Experience supporting MySQL MariaDB in a production environment Excellent communication skills US Citizen Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Oracle DBA Experience a plus, PHP Programming Language a plus, Experience with Percona Server EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.