Duties Summary USGS Science for a Changing World. Do you want to be part of an innovative research science organization? Would you like to work with a team of professionals committed to preserving our natural resources and environment? If you answered "yes" to these questions, then this job is for you. Join the USGS and be on your way to a rewarding future. Why Is It Great To Work For The USGS? Embark on an exciting future! From the peaks of the highest mountains to the depths of the deepest seas, the U.S. Geological Survey has career opportunities that make a difference in both the lives of others and in the environment. Would you like to join the more than 10,000 scientists, technicians, and support staff of the USGS who are working in more than 400 locations throughout the United States? Apply today! As the Nation's largest water, earth, and biological science and civilian mapping agency, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) collects, monitors, analyzes, and provides scientific understanding about natural resource conditions, issues, and problems. The diversity of our scientific expertise enables us to carry out large-scale, multi-disciplinary investigations and provide impartial, timely, and relevant scientific information to resource managers, planners, and other customers related to: the health of our ecosystems and environment; natural hazards that threaten us; natural resources we rely on, and; the impact of climate and land-use changes. For more information about the USGS please visit http://www.usgs.gov What General Information Do I Need To Know About This Position? Salary GS-09: $57,264 (Step 01) to $74,444 (Step 10); Salary GS-11: $69,283 (Step 01) to $90,071 (Step 10); NOTE: First time hires to the Federal Government are typically hired at the Step 01. There is one vacancy however, this announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies if they become available. Responsibilities As a Physical Science Technician within the Earthquake Science Center, some of your specific duties will include: - Maintain, design, test, calibrate and install a variety of seismic and geodetic instrumentation systems within the Southern California Seismic Network. Install, configure, diagnose, and repair sophisticated electronic seismic and GPS station components including, seismometers, dataloggers, Earthworm hub computers, GPS receivers, power systems, solar panels, batteries, chargers, telephone circuits, satellite equipment, cellular modems, analog and digital radios, microwave radios, antennas, towers, computer networking equipment (routers, hubs and switches, and FM discriminators. Plan, design, and fabricate state-of-the-art telemetry and electronic systems as part of the installation or upgrade of seismic and GPS stations. Document work performed clearly and logically. Collaborate with other personnel to establish maintenance priorities and prepare work schedules. Maintain inventory and purchase field supplies and equipment for the field team. \- Advise on the feasibility of installing instrumentation at suggested structures. - Design complex interactive computer systems and system subassemblies. - Perform static and dynamic tests on strong-motion systems. Obtain permits for the installation of new seismic stations in addition to maintaining existing relationships with land owners and the general public. Travel Required Occasional travel - Overnight travel of 3-5 nights per month may be required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 11 Who May Apply This job is open to… U.S. Citizens Questions? This job is open to 1 group.