Join 23andMe and solve cool and challenging engineering problems implementing a large scale data store, building data processing pipelines in the cloud, and powering novel research and analytical capabilities. Work within a collaborative environment of small fast-paced development teams that have a mix of veteran engineers and recent graduates. Come join us in our mission to be the world's trusted source of personal genetic information! Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. What you'll do You will design, develop and maintain big data storage systems that enable production and research use-cases. Here's your opportunity to show your strong ownership skills of the full backend stack - from design through to deploy and beyond. This role works with both research and production users to understand requirements. Develop automated tooling for deployment and maintenance. You will analyze and improve efficiency, reliability, and scalability of the platform. Review and improve the observability of backend systems through better monitoring and logging. Participate in on-call rotation duties to maintain the platform and provide support. What you'll bring B.S. in Computer Science. Experience developing software in Python or Java. 2 years of data infrastructure or backend systems experience. Preferred: Experience building production infrastructure and applications on AWS. Preferred: Experience building applications using big data technologies like Hadoop, HBase, Spark. About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.