Imagine new horizons... your mission is to contribute to customer success when you define the technical architecture for 3DS Delmia (Apriso and Ortems) Products, Assist in technical architecture assessments and supervise technical implementation processes. You enjoy a challenge? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world.Let’s open new horizons together with the power of 3DEXPERIENCE virtual universes! What will your role be? Work with the Solution Architect, to bring technical architecture expertise and recommendations on customer projects. Drive the hardware/network/infrastructure assessment. Design and document the technical integration of DS solutions within the customer's current information system by leveraging architectural design methods, patterns and best practices. Ensure that the design and the deployment of the technical solution are aligned with the Security, the SLA and the Performance, the Scalability, the Capacity expectations of the Customer. Provide support during the deployment and/or production stage. Share expertise with customer on change management regarding infrastructure processes. Empower Consultant and System Integrators (C&SI;) on technical Architecture Capitalize on project deliverables to ensure reusability Contribute to deployment pre-sales and project success ensuring on-time delivery, pre-sales cost and project margin Provide tuning guidelines for database and other DELMIA Apriso product component The challenges ahead Your architecture should deliver high availability, stability and high performance to provide the best possible experience to end users. You have to be ready for a challenging work environment, state of the art technologies and interactions with the Dassault Systemes’ R&D; teams. Your Key Success Factors B.S. –Engineer/Advanced Science or equivalent computer-related education Deep knowledge of Operating Systems and Relational Databases 3-5 years’ experience in Administration or DBA field Ability to diagnose and analyze distributed systems (Infrastructure and application) performance Technical Solution Consulting Experience in software architecture, data migration, and PLM concepts Expert in performance optimization of web server, network and database, with advanced enterprise architecture knowledge Ability to operate in a technology leadership role with minimum supervision Ability to formulate remediation strategies to target recurring issues High proficiency in root cause analysis with sharp troubleshooting skills & technics Expertise with Windows operating systems Familiar with virtualization and network administration Highly effective written and verbal communication