The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the UN’s global development network, advocating for change and connecting countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life, as envisaged by 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. We are on the ground in more than 170 countries and territories, working with governments and people on their own solutions to global and national development challenges. As they develop local capacity, they draw on the people of UNDP and our wide range of partners that can bring about results. The Bureau for Policy and Programme Support (BPPS) has the responsibility for developing all relevant policy and guidance to support the results of UNDP’s Strategic Plan and help countries to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. BPPS’s staff provides technical advice to Country Offices; advocates for UNDP corporate messages, represents UNDP at multi-stakeholder fora including public-private dialogues, government and civil society dialogues, South-South and Triangular cooperation initiatives, and engages in UN inter- agency coordination in specific thematic areas. UNDP is a founding cosponsor of the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), a partner of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria, and a co-sponsor of several other international health partnerships. UNDP’s work on HIV, health and development, as described in the HIV, Health and Development Strategy 2016-2021: Connecting the Dots, leverages UNDP’s core strengths and mandates in human development, governance and capacity development to complement the efforts of specialist health-focused UN agencies. UNDP delivers three types of support to countries in HIV, health and development. First, UNDP helps countries to mainstream attention to HIV and health into action on gender, poverty and the broader effort to achieve and sustain the Sustainable Development Goals. For example, UNDP works with countries to understand the social and economic factors that play a crucial role in driving health and disease, and to respond to such dynamics with appropriate policies and programmes outside the health sector. UNDP also promotes specific action on the needs and rights of women and girls as they relate to HIV. Second, UNDP works with partners to address the interactions between governance, human rights and health responses. Sometimes this is done through focused or specialized programmes, such as promoting attention to the role of the law and legal environments in facilitating stronger HIV responses, including the use of flexibilities in intellectual property law to lower the cost of drugs and diagnostics. UNDP also works to empower and include marginalized populations who are disproportionately affected by HIV, such as sex workers, men who have sex with men and people living with HIV. Beyond these focused efforts, UNDP plays a key role in ensuring attention to HIV and health within broader governance and rights initiatives, including support to municipal action on SDGs, sustainable responses for Health and HIV such as improving sustainability of AIDS financing, sustainable health procurement, strengthening of national human rights institutions and increasing access to justice for key populations. Third, as a trusted, long-term partner with extensive operational experience, UNDP supports countries in effective implementation of complex, multilateral and multisectoral health projects, while simultaneously investing in capacity development so that national and local partners can assume these responsibilities over time. The UNDP/Global Fund partnership is an important part of this work, facilitating access to resources for action on SDG 3 by countries that face constraints in directly receiving and managing such funding. UNDP partners with countries in crisis/post-crisis situations, those with weak institutional capacity or governance challenges, and countries under sanctions. When requested, UNDP acts as temporary Principal Recipient in these settings, working with national partners and the Global Fund to improve management, implementation and oversight of Global Fund grants, while simultaneously developing national capacity to be able to assume the Principal Recipient role over time. Objective of the assignment: Provide support to the Global Fund/Health Implementation Support Team (GF/HIST) in the following areas: Knowledge management to ensure online tools and databases are current; Implementation support and capacity development for large-scale health programmes; Resource mobilization and support to partnerships for health and development programmes. Duties and Responsibilities Under the supervision of the Senior Porgramme Specialist, GF/HIST (New York), the consultant will focus on supporting UNDP’s partnership with the Global Fund and other health donors, and will undertake the following: Specific Deliverables and Activities: Support the review of Global Fund and UNDP policies, procedures for the production of guidance materials, tools for UNDP Business Units implementing health programmes; Based on discussions with GF/HIST Programme, Finance, M &E, Procurement and Legal specialists, ensure the Health Implementation Manual is regularly up to date and reflects the latest guidance; Support the dissemination of the guidance materials to UNDP Business Units through webinars, meetings and to conduct surveys to obtain feedback from users; Support the Finance Team in the collation of results from special risk management initiatives, including the audit regime for Country Offices and Sub-recipients; Support the global tracking of health portfolio results and identification of key results for dissemination through case studies, updating of the UNDP Capacity Development Toolkit, and other modalities; Support to the GF/HIST in the maintenance of key team management tools, meetings with regional bureaus, and planned events; Coordinate requests from UNDP Business Units for United Nations Volunteers (UNVs) and develop communication materials and support in the development of proposal development; Support to programme grant start up, including support to development of grant documents (Performance Framework, budget, SR agreements, etc) where UNDP has been confirmed as the Principal Recipient for GF and other health programmes, and ongoing programme implementation and programme closures; Support activities to strengthen collaboration with new health partners, including Gavi; Contribute to proposal development through the innovation and impact hubs for additional resources; and Any other tasks as assigned by the Senior Programme Specialist. Travel: There is no anticipated travel for this assignment. In the case of unforeseeable travel, payment of travel costs including tickets, lodging and terminal expenses should be agreed upon, between UNDP HHD Team and the Individual Consultant, prior to travel and will be covered and paid by UNDP. The fare will always be “most direct, most economical” and any difference in price with the preferred route will be paid for by the expert. UNDP will not cover any costs associated with moving to the duty station. If applicant is requesting for such coverage the cost to be calculated and included in the financial proposal. Evaluation: Applicants will be screened against qualifications and competencies specified below through a desk review. Applicants will be evaluated based on a cumulative analysis method that combines the results of technical and financial evaluation results. Technical Evaluation Criteria (maximum 70 points): At least 2 years of progressive relevant professional experience supporting proposal development to raise resources for development programmes (10 points); Work experience from a developing country an asset (15 points); Work experience with the UN/UNDP system (15 points) Experience in data analysis and presentation an asset (15) Experience in the development of research and writing assignments (10 points); Knowledge of an additional UN language is an advantage (5 points) Fluency in spoken and written English is required for this consultancy. Financial Evaluation Criteria (maximum 30 points): p = y (µ/z), where p = points for the financial proposal being evaluated y = maximum number of points for the financial proposal µ = price of the lowest priced proposal z = price of the proposal being evaluated Payment Method: Payment will be based on timesheet and certificate of payments, based on the all-inclusive daily fee and upon certification by the direct supervisor Competencies Organizational Competencies: Demonstrates integrity by modeling the UN’s values and ethical standards; Promotes the vision, mission, and strategic goals of UNDP; Displays cultural, gender, religion, race, nationality and age sensitivity and adaptability. Functional competencies: Systematic, organizational, analytical skills, thorough and attention to details; Demonstrated ability to think fast in a logical and organized manner; Highly proficient in the use of IT; Excellent negotiation, communication and networking skills; Excellent multi-tasking abilities and ability to remain calm and work under pressure. Partnership building and team work: Client oriented and assists in identifying solutions to problems; Demonstrated well developed people management skills; Strong ability to work with teams; creating an enabling environment and supporting colleagues; Demonstrated flexibility in a multi-cultural environment. Communications and Advocacy: Demonstrated ability to write clearly and convincingly; Good research and writing skills with demonstrated ability to think strategically; Excellent capacity to communicate clearly and concisely; Strong inter-personal, negotiation and liaison skills. Required Skills and Experience Education: Master’s Degree or equivalent in Public Health, International Development, Economics/Management, Development Studies or related field Experience: At least 2 years of experience working in support of development programmes with academic training in related areas; Experience in the development of research and writing assignments; Work experience with the UN/UNDP system; Experience in data analysis and presentation; Experience in the usage of computers and office software packages. Language Requirements: Fluency in both written and spoken English. Knowledge of other UN language, an asset. GUIDELINES FOR APPLICATION: Interested applicants are advised to carefully review this advertisement and ensure that they meet the requirements and qualifications described. Qualified candidates are requested to apply online via this website. The application should contain: Cover letter explaining why you are the most suitable candidate for the advertised position; Signed and Updated Personal History Form (P11). The template can be downloaded from this link: http://sas.undp.org/documents/p11_personal_history_form.doc). Letter to UNDP Confirming Interest and Availability indicating all-inclusive daily rate Please note that our system only takes one attachment. Therefore, kindly scan all your documents into a single PDF file to upload. Please note that the financial proposal is all-inclusive and shall take into account various expenses incurred by the consultant/contractor during the contract period (e.g. rent of dwelling, fee, health insurance, vaccination, visa costs and any other relevant expenses related to the performance of services...). All envisaged costs (except of the unforeseen travel costs for missions, if any) must be included in the financial proposal. Unforeseen travel costs for missions, if any, will be paid separately according to UNDP rules and regulations Security: Individual Consultants are responsible for ensuring they have vaccinations/inoculations when travelling to certain countries, as designated by the UN Medical Director. Consultants are also required to comply with the UN security directives set forth under https://trip.dss.un.org Incomplete applications will not be considered. Please make sure you have provided all requested materials. Due to large number of applications we receive, we are able to inform only the successful candidates about the outcome or status of the selection process. Link to Annex 1: General Terms and Conditions http://www.undp.org/content/dam/undp/documents/procurement/documents/IC%20-%20General%20Conditions.pdf Click here for important information for US Permanent Residents ('Green Card' holders). UNDP is committed to achieving workforce diversity in terms of gender, nationality and culture. Individuals from minority groups, indigenous groups and persons with disabilities are equally encouraged to apply.