ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY We are looking for results-oriented, driven individuals with a thirst for problem solving. connect with us: azdeq.gov LinkedIn Environmental Associate Scientist Improvement Planning Section AIR QUALITY DIVISION JOB SUMMARY At ADEQ our vision is to be the number one state in the nation in balanced, leading-edge environmental protection; through technical and operational excellence; and radical simplicity for customers and staff. We are currently looking for employees who are committed to our Agency, passionate to excel in their career and engaged in our mission. Only this caliber of employee will be successful in driving our Agency towards accomplishing our vision. As an Environmental Science Specialist , you will research, design, plan, or perform engineering duties in the support of revisions to Arizona’s State Implementation Plan under the Federal Clean Air Act. Work may include: 1) Conduct photochemical modeling (CAMx preferred), and run associated models, including WRF, MOVES, and SMOKE; 2) Calculate emission inventories from natural and anthropogenic sources, using EPA-approvable methodologies; 3) Conduct statistical analyses, literature reviews, and research to better understand the nature and cause of air quality problems in the State; 4) Develop associated documents for the tasks above, including modeling protocols and technical support documents, emission inventory preparation plans and technical support documents, and reports and presentations of research. Do you think you have the combination of commitment, passion, and talent to help drive this Agency to realizing our vision? If so, apply today. To learn more about us, our organizational habits known as the ADEQ Way, our culture, and other positions we have open, visit us at DEQ/careers IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidate will possess: Bachelor’s degree in environmental management, environmental/earth sciences, sustainability, environmental studies, urban planning or law 8 years’ experience (Master’s degree can substitute for 2 years of experience, Doctorate can substitute for 4 years of experience) Driver's license required \- Possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver's license required. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver's license record checks and driver training. Knowledge of State and Federal environmental regulations, environmental sciences and research, AZ sources of pollution, best practices for preventing the release of pollutants, environmental research, investigation techniques and statistical analysis, Agency policies and processes, Ability to understand and apply environmental rules and statues; to follow guidance documents, standard operating procedures, and other technical instructions in performance of tasks; to prepare clear, concise and accurate reports; and to summarize completed tasks and/or monitoring data orally and in written communication BENEFITS Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are: 10 paid holidays per year Accrual of sick and annual leave beginning at 12 and 13 days per year respectively for full-time employees A top-ranked retirement program with lifetime pension benefits A robust and affordable insurance plan to include medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability An incentivized commuter club and public transportation subsidy program We promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility We offer a variety of learning and career development opportunities Click APPLY to submit your resume Arizona State Government is an AA/EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. Hired employees will be subject to E-Verify. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting Margarita Lane, [email protected] Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Having trouble applying? Email [email protected] or call 602-542-4700 for assistance