Data Analyst / Engineer The Data Analyst / Engineer will join other extremely passionate engineers that share a common interest in distributed systems, performance, scale, and solving problems with software and data. Our technologies power the insights for financial service and corporate giants. Ideal candidates are those who are excited by big data challenges, and enjoy using new technologies to make large data sets feel small. Compensation package: includes highly competitive salary, bonus and equity. Responsibilities: Manage delivery of a portfolio of data products Develop and track KPIs for a portfolio of data products Collaborate with customers and analysts to create new data products Troubleshoot potential data issues Contribute features to the core data platform Leverage AWS and third-party tools/services to solve undifferentiated problems Liaise with Domain Experts on advanced product analysis Read relevant blogs and articles and grow as an engineer Experience with Macro-economic analysis is a plus Requirements: 2+ years working as an engineer or data analyst within a research team Results driven with a strong desire to deliver insights to customers An interest in understanding how customers use our data Comfortable with math concepts related to time series data - linear regression, R2, correlation, etc. Willingness to meet time sensitive deadlines Fluent in Python and SQL Experience with Redshift and mySQL Experience with Databricks Ability to efficiently manipulate extremely large datasets Flexible and can adapt to the changing demands of a startup environment Company Description 7Park Data is the leading alternative data aggregation platform, helping businesses make better, smarter, faster decisions. Leveraging proprietary technology which transforms one petabyte of unstructured information into contextualized data, 7Park Data offers the most sophisticated investment firms and Fortune 500 corporations unparalleled insight into more than 10,000 public and private companies. Data-driven companies depend on 7Park Data for more accurate benchmarking, forecasting, and strategic decision making. For data scientists, quantitative analysts, and data owners, 7Park Data offers a suite of APIs, SDKs and tools to access data from multiple sources, in multiple formats. Avenue I/O, its developer site, provides open source tools to quickly and easily build analytical products powered by the Avenue APIs. 7Park Data was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in New York City. For more information, please visit www.7parkdata.com.