Procurement Specialist Requisition ID: 1706501 Description Position Summary As a Procurement Specialist you will use your ability to develop supplier relationships, creativity and problem solving skills to ensure a timely and high-quality supply of materials into our ISO9001:2008-certified Cedar Park, TX facility. You will accomplish this by collaborating with your Materials peers, several engineering communities (applications, manufacturing, sustaining, intercompany, software), and the supply chain community (planning, order fulfillment, manufacturing) to understand supply problems, identify root causes, and drive implementation of solutions. Keys to Hiring The best Procurement Specialists are able to proactively monitor supplier performance and identify problems, define solutions, and optimize quality, reliability, price, delivery, and availability. They possess a good balance of hands-on technical competency, particularly with ERP systems, coupled with the ability to learn and apply new knowledge about our people, products, and processes in resolving problems. They are comfortable with addressing a wide variety problems, seeking to understand the problem thoroughly before suggesting changes or solutions. The best Procurement Specialist’s skills are evident through past problems solved and the implementation of new methods and systems with measurable results. Prioritization and managing numerous suppliers (10-25) and hundreds of products is an essential aspect of good Procurement Specialists. You will own a mix of standard off-the-shelf and custom, application-specific electrical and mechanical products supplied by established distributors and specialty manufacturers. You are comfortable with identifying and establishing sources of supply for new products, as well as finding alternatives for obsolete, discontinued or single sourced items. Performance Objectives Primary Objective : The most important performance objective for this position is to establish and own the on time delivery, lead time, quality, and cost of the products in your area of responsibility. Secondary Objective : During the first 90 days, you will focus on gaining in-depth knowledge of our ERP system (JD Edwards, JDE) as well as our engineering document system (Teamcenter). This knowledge will be crucial to your ability to perform daily and to identify and drive future improvements. Role Navigation within Cedar Park : During the first 30 days, you will meet all key stakeholders within Cedar Park Materials, and spend time with the Manufacturing Engineers, Planners, Order Management, and Warehouse/Shipping/Receiving to learn the processes of each group. Along the way you will note the problems they currently observe. Technical Competencies : First 30 days: Meet and get to know your fellow Materials team members. Obtain and learn basic reporting and information gathering skills in Teamcenter and JDE ERP. Begin processing JDE ERP-generated purchase requisitions. Begin processing Item Attribute Reviews (IARs, creating or updating purchased part parameters in JDE). Begin meeting and interacting with your suppliers. You will be the primary contact for your group of suppliers. Begin utilizing standard purchasing maintenance and communication tools as part of the supply chain management process: o Learn to use the Sales Order Shortage Report to identify and initiate critical SO reschedule activity. o Learn to use system generated exception reports to identify and initiate vendor follow-up and maintenance activity. Next 90 days: Get to know your peers in the Focused Factories and in Scheduling, Order Fulfillment, Engineering, and Quality Gain deep understanding of the performance of your suppliers. Learn about and begin seeking improvements in supplier performance. Seek improvement in your own performance (aging requisitions, amount of goods in MRB, open PO’s needing review, etc.). Develop deep understanding of your products and their applications. At 120 days and beyond: Begin making changes based on the learning derived from the first 6 months, working closely with your Materials peers. Monitor your supplier key performance indicators (KPI’s) for evidence of positive change. Receive feedback as you execute the Plan, Do, Check, Act cycle. Drive for excellence in results with your group of suppliers. Qualifications Address major problems, changes, and improvements : Some critical problems to solve and necessary improvements within the Procurement department involve Item Attribute maintenance, workload balance, and controlling and reversing growth of purchased part inventories. You will begin by reviewing key item parameters (lot size, lead time, source of supply, dangerous goods classification). You will also review quality issues by participating in the Material Review Board (MRB) process, initiate returns/credits with suppliers as appropriate, and work with Quality team peers to identify root cause and countermeasures to address those issues. You will understand the balance between cost, quantities, delivery frequency, lead time, and inventory turns, and seek to optimize these competing factors. Effective collaboration with Master Scheduling, Planners, and recognized ERP system experts will be critical to successfully managing these factors. In the future, you will continue solving a wide range of problems that tie back to our safety, quality, delivery, cost, and innovation goals. Along the way, you will develop a broad understanding of how we create value, as well as deep knowledge of specific people, processes, and products. Each learning cycle will build upon and complement your past experience. This will be evidenced by your successful management of your suppliers. Thinking Skills and Decision Making: A good Procurement Specialist has the ability to identify problems, think tactically/technically, solve problems and implement solutions. You will always seek to deeply understand why the current state exists (why certain parts were selected, etc.). You recognize there are many ways to solve problems, and you address well-defined and poorly-defined problems by selecting the appropriate problem solving schema. You will work independently, but with constant interaction with your peers. You demonstrate fact-based decision making, and expect the same from others. Personality and Interpersonal Skills: You are an advocate for NOV in working with our suppliers. You demonstrate the willingness and ability to solve problems in an office setting as well as on the shop floor. You understand that people, processes, and products are deeply intertwined, and you understand the importance of all three. You exhibit a “won’t take no for an answer” attitude, and have the ability to regroup and attack the problem in a different manner if faced with a “no”. You will learn and apply structured conflict resolution methods to maintain a smooth supply of materials with minimal disruptions. You successfully balance patience while understanding a problem or process, with urgency while driving improvements. You act as a defender, supporter, and advocate for NOV in supplier price and delivery negotiations. You enjoy being a subject matter expert, and believe continuous learning is an essential part of who you are. You are accomplishment-oriented, and gain satisfaction from learning by doing. Additional Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in relevant field Supply chain experience (min 5 yrs.) as a buyer, procurement specialist, or purchasing coordinator. Comprehensive understanding of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems, supply chain theory and concepts, and Excel. JDE experience is a plus. Lean manufacturing knowledge is a plus. Strong communicator with the ability to negotiate effectively with vendors. Strong analytical skills; comfortable assessing supply chain inventory and cost scenarios. Strong desire to share best practices with peers Impeccable attention to detail. Strong desire to learn, seek improvement, and tackle the most impactful supply chain challenges. Strong team player with the ability to effectively work and communicate with peers in Quality, Purchasing, Planning, Manufacturing, Sales, Engineering, and other functional areas. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic business environment. APICS or other supply chain certification is a plus. Job : Purchasing Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Posting :