As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. Procurement Services has an outstanding opportunity for a Customer Service/Program Operations Specialist. The Customer Service/Program Operations Specialist position supports efficient and compliant use of UW procurement and financial systems. The Customer Service Specialist will be a part of developing and delivering a diverse range of customer services for UW academic and central departments on all UW campuses and will influence process and software design and implementation. This position will support learning and core skill development in applications such as eProcurement (Ariba), MyFinancial.desktop and Procurement Desktop Reports. Reporting to the manager of Procurement Customer Service (PCS), this position is part of a team committed to continuous process improvement utilizing Lean principles and tools. Duties and Responsibilities: 50% Implement excellent customer service Respond to technical and general customer inquiries Maintain a broad working knowledge of various UW financial and procurement systems and act as subject matter expert, including new functionality or enhancements Communicate features of procurement systems in written and oral formats across multiple delivery methods such as email, phone and web-based content or training materials Develop communication materials such as email template responses, FAQs, webforms and scripted answers in response to campus feedback and needs Support implementation of recommended customer service improvements Make recommendations for customer service improvements based on feedback from Procurement Customer Service team and customers Design and implement processes to improve Customer Service response time, including intake, escalation and response mechanisms 25% Collaborate with Procurement Services IT and other Procurement Services teams to roll out new functionality and system enhancements to the PCS team Collaborate with project managers, business analysts, software developers, campus user test groups and teammates in designing new system functionality, defining new business rules and participating in system implementation planning. Contribute input and recommendations based on feedback obtained from end users. Make recommendations for system improvements/corrections to supervisor, project management teams and system developers to resolve departmental challenges to adoption of new systems, policies or procedures. Design effective tests, identify test participants, facilitate tests, collate test results, analyze the results. Communicate with subject matter experts to identify what different audiences (including departmental staff, campus users and suppliers) need to know for the rollout of new functionality or enhancements to existing systems. Plan, communicate and provide change management support for rollouts to include presenting demos and writing FAQs. Perform follow-up outreach to assess change management effectiveness. Utilize customer inquiries and feedback data to coordinate and lead departmental outreach opportunities. 15% Lead process improvement projects utilizing Lean methodology and tools Determine training needs for groups and for individual users. Create and implement training plans to address both group and individual needs. Assist with departmental and team cross training as well as onboarding and training for new team members. Participate in planning and delivery of large scale training deployments . Assist in training campus users in instructor lead classes or webinars. 10% Maintain web content Update the Procurement Services website to communicate new features, enhancements and learning opportunities. Build out the website as new learning opportunities are offered, collaborating with others on team in making design decisions regarding placement of new content and revision of existing content. Additional responsibilities as assigned. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Education, Adult Education, Business Administration or related field Two to three years of experience working with financial and procurement systems which demonstrate success in: Providing customer support for financial and/or procurement systems . Facilitating instructor-led classes, web-based or in-person. Leading small project teams. Communicating effectively through oral and written means. Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except where there are legal requirements such as license/certification/registration. Desired: Experience using content management systems such as Drupal. Preference will be given to candidate with UW systems experience.