Req ID: 36680 Job Family: Information Technology/Software Development Sabre is the global leader in innovative technology that leads the travel industry. We are always looking for bright and driven people who have a penchant for technology and want to hone their skills. If you are interested in challenging work, being part of a global team, and solving complex problems through technology, business intelligence and analytics, and Agile practices - then Sabre is right for you! It is our people who develop and deliver powerful solutions that meet the current and future needs for our airline, hotel, and travel agency customers. Job Description The Sabre Research, Data and Decision Sciences Group is inventing the next- generation of travel industry technology, including new offer management technology (travel agent shopping), retailing for air and hotel. We are seeking to add new machine learning techniques to systems that also use modern statistical approaches and operations research optimization. We are looking for a data scientist and developer with knowledge of deep learning, rule learning, tree-based models, and other techniques covering both supervised and unsupervised learning. We are looking for someone with a working knowledge of Python (Java a plus), along with SQL and Hadoop-related languages. Sabre has one of the largest stores of travel shopping data; in addition to the shopping requests from customers, we also keep all of the possible air itineraries returned in response to the request. Part of the job is to use such data to uncover new ways to improve conversion rates (probability of purchase after a shopping request) and also to decrease costs with effective use of shopping cache (returning itineraries without generating another live shopping request). Responsibilities Develop machine learning solutions using state-of-the-art methods Use predictive modeling to create new approaches to travel agency (especially online travel agent) shopping and display of possible travel itineraries Job Requirements Skills and Qualifications Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms Excellent programming skills with R or Python Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and Hive Good applied statistics skills Education: Ph.D or M.S. in Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Data Science, etc. LI-LT1 Reasonable Accommodation Sabre is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants applying for a Sabre position with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact Sabre's Employee Relations Department at employee.relations@sabre.com Affirmative Action Sabre is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals. EEO IS THE LAW Stay connected with Sabre Careers