Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. You will lead and motivate a team of direct reports to achieve amazing performance goals. You'll work closely with the executive management team to set and develop business strategies. You will draw insights from analytics to make our people process smarter and more efficient. You will use your strong communication skills to tell rich, meaningful stories using data and influence decisions. You will develop strong relationships across the organization, working collaboratively with clients, peers and key leaders to drive results for your team, the department and clients. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Create and implement staffing processes and business strategies to achieve an annual hiring plan that emphasizes quality and speed of hires and strong client management culture. Work closely with business leaders, HR business partners, and Finance to ensure that the staffing organization is able to support business growth. Manage and inspire a team to deliver results while effectively communicating all critical dimensions of staffing vision, status and business plans with leadership team a broader audience as required. Collaborate with and influence complex partner relationships within the organization. Get to the root cause of any issue to solve problems, no matter how complex, and design and implement solutions that cut across multiple disciplines. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 10 years of staffing experience in an executive search firm, recruitment agency or in-house corporate talent team including the execution of talent searches. 5 years of experience leading and managing a team. Preferred qualifications: 10 years of experience in internal recruiting or HR experience with demonstrated success in building out, leading or managing teams of high-performing individuals. Proven track record of developing recruiting professionals at all levels Strong analytical skills and ability to work with metrics, numbers, and trends. Adept at influencing through strong relationships, expertise and data. Ability to manage a complex set of stakeholders. Comfortable rolling up your sleeves to get things done in tandem with participating in deeply complex strategy discussions. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships; an ability to identify and galvanize this complex web of relationships and dependencies to holistically solve problems and seize opportunities. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.