Job Summary and Mission If you’ve got what it takes to help transform one of the most iconic brands in the world into a lean, efficient and highly automated platform, we’d like to talk to you. As a Systems Administrator – Starbucks Technology, you will be responsible for supporting the day-to-day operation of retail enterprise and in-store systems. Your role will be at the leading edge of an explosive period of growth. You will work across teams to build, support, and deliver technology that directly benefits our stores. As a member of our release team, you will quickly become proficient with our delivery tools and work to document and streamline existing processes. You will use this base to grow while supporting a core platform critical to our stores and our business. A successful candidate will have excellent communication skills, have a strong attention to detail, and enjoy being part of a great team. This role requires your A-Game: technical proficiency, intellectual flexibility, and the courage to drive change. So, if you believe, like we do, that a cup of coffee can change a life and change our world, come check us out and help us deliver that same amazing experience to our customers around the globe. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. Key Responsibilities: Production Support Create, schedule, and maintain software installs and deployment packages. Create, maintain, and review documentation for all endpoint solutions, code, configurations and processes. Help support and train cross-functional staff. Help identify and monitor key metrics in collaboration with management and senior staff. Assist team in prioritizing and tracking work items. Assist in incident resolution leveraging defined instructions for issue remediation. Assist in identifying and prioritizing remediation efforts for recurring issues. Assist team in build, support and maintenance of related infrastructure. Provide 247 global support of critical systems in a rotating on-call environment. Leadership Receptive and responsive to coaching and guidance from leaders and more experienced engineers. Seeks input and support as required. Begins working in an increasingly self-directed manner. Effective interaction with other Global Technology partners, responding quickly and thoroughly to issues and requests. Provides constructive input and perspective to team conversations. Effective in dealing with ambiguity. System Admin Specific Competencies for Role Subject matter expert on Marimba components in Delivery pipeline, their interactions, and external dependencies. Leverage working knowledge to continuously improve deployment practices: Increase feedback, reduce risk, lower overhead, etc. Identify and resolve errors within tuner administrator or workspace as appropriate. Create or edit custom queries in Marimba for dynamic collections. Tier 1 and Tier 2 management and monitoring all installed applications and infrastructure pertinent to specified role. Write and maintain scripts to increase efficiency and lower manual effort. Begin to deepen comprehension of underlying infrastructure components relative to OS/HW performance and logical design