Seattle,Washington,United States 6L9CN2 Boeing is seeking a Test & Evaluation Lab Technician to join our Metrology and Test Equipment Services (MATES) team. This position is located in Seattle, WA. Metrology And Test Equipment Services (MATES) provides a full spectrum of test asset and metrology services and support for internal customers and products through all phases of the product lifecycle. Services include: test asset selection and use, acquisition, allocation, resource and lifecycle management, calibration/certification for over 600,000 dimensional/optics, electrical/electronic and mechanical/physical measurement and test assets, sourcing management, measurement solutions, repair & maintenance and specialized test services. Responsibilities: Supports activities to plan, conduct and document tests on products, systems, components, materials, and manufacturing processes and technologies Designs systems, materials, components, software and methodologies to meet customer requirements Participates in test design and performs routine procurement, fabrication and assembly of components, test fixtures and test systems Supports the coordination of test requirements and assists in reviewing test methods and capabilities Facilitates systems integration, fabrication and modification; supports system pre-test setup, integration, checkout, and post test tear-down Conducts routine tests, analyzes data and documents results Troubleshoots and recommends resolution of basic laboratory and test-related problems Works under general supervision. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): AA degree in related discipline and typically 1 or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Electrical experience, ideally with DC low voltage Experience working in a test environment Calibration experience Typical Education/Experience: AA degree in related discipline and typically 1 or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. This position is based in Seattle, WA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No Engineering Test and Tech Individual Contributor Yes No Standard United States; The Boeing Company