Job Description The Business Analyst is responsible for the creation and maintenance of various datasets, databases and applications, and the creation of dashboards and statistical reports that support operations and decision-making within the Airport IT department. The BI Analyst is also responsible for defining the scope of work, requirements and deliverables for projects including timelines and quality control for on-time and in-budget completion of tasks. Essential Functions Creation and upkeep of process automation related to data maintenance. Complete documentation of datasets and processes following established industry standards Review and validate data as it is collected Monitor analytics and metric results Ensure integrity of data collection and utilization Perform data profiling to identify and understand anomalies Oversee deployment of data to data warehouse Occasional oversight of subordinate and interning employees Preparation of written and oral reports, memos and presentations to communicate project objectives or outcomes to executives, non-technical staff, and the public. Communication and explanation of technical issues, spatial concepts, data and methods to non-technical staff. Engaging departmental (business or operational) stakeholders to define the objectives, goals, deadlines and deliverables for projects. Execution and support of City policies for enterprise data sharing, data quality, metadata, updates/maintenance and open data sharing to the public. Research and evaluation on the implementation of new technology, innovations or data management policies. Ensuring the complete documentation of projects, datasets and processes. Participation in meetings, trainings, seminars and events within the Airport and across the City government. Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Experience in project planning and time management. Ability to create and maintain good working relationships and collaborations while being able to work independently and take initiative. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Experience with technical project requirements gathering. Proficiency using Microsoft Office Professional Suite (Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint). Experience with project tracking applications including Microsoft Project. Experience with data visualization and graphics tools for the creation of professional presentations reports and web content. Qualifications Completion of a bachelor’s degree program at an accredited college or university with a major course work in Business, Business Intelligence, Information or Computer Science AND Minimum of 5-7 years of business intelligence role Supervisory experience within business intelligence or data analysis preferred Master’s Degree in Business Administration is preferred. Additional Information Please submit a resume and cover letter with your application. Successful candidate must be a City resident within six months of hire. The City of Philadelphia is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. If you believe you were discriminated against, call the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations at 215-686-4670. For more information, go to: Human Relations Website: http://www.phila.gov/humanrelations/Pages/default.aspx