Senior Desktop System Administrators (DSA) enGenius Consulting Group, Inc. is currently looking for experienced Desktop Systems Administrators to join our growing team. Qualified candidates shall perform O &M of mission-specific IT environment which includes any hardware, software, application tool, system, or other networks used by the Government, whether developed, leased, or commercially purchased. The Government requires ITIL-compliant Contractor performance on tasks employing agency-specific or unique hardware and software in both classified and unclassified network environments. Work shall include legacy, current, and new systems (future) at various lifecycle stages. The support identified is local installation support and not enterprise level support. Position Requirements Duties include providing Embedded Desktop System Administrator support, including on-site desktop support services to support the Detroit Arsenal tenants in performing hardware support, software support, and system administration. Typical duties include: Provide second-tier support to end-users for PC, applications, and hardware. Handle problems that the first-tier of help desk support is unable to resolve; interact with network services, software systems engineering, applications development to restore service, identify, and correct core problem. The Contractor shall simulate or recreate user problems to resolve operating difficulties. Recommend systems modifications to reduce user problems. Perform tasks related to the implementation, administration, and support of Microsoft Windows operating system, including installation, software distribution, and implementation on client systems supported by the NEC. Serve as the principal point of contact for resolving customer problems concerning IT automation systems, software and/or hardware problems, password security violations, and telecommunication troubles. Maintain, troubleshoot, update, replace hardware platforms, and hardware platform components as required. Provide desktop software services, to include configuring software, installing upgrades, patches, troubleshooting, resolving software application problems, and removing software applications as required IAW ARs, BBPs, and DISA STIG requirements. Provide local touch labor, such as, troubleshooting and repair. The Contractor shall provide touch labor within 2 hours for Priority Users, and within 1 business day for Non-Priority Users. Remediate non-compliant systems within 4 hours that have exceeded the Army-directed timeline for remediation when identified through direct contact or when notified by the COR. The Contractor shall remediate non-compliant systems that have not exceeded the Army-directed timeline for remediation within 3 business days, or by Army-directed suspense; whichever occurs first. Perform tracking and inventory control of hardware and software components in a methodology provided by the Government and IAW ARs and BBPs. Provide customer support for PCs, office automation software, general office automation equipment, email, telecommunications, cell phone/blackberry, Local Area Network (LAN) services, CAC card software, and specialized applications. Maintain technical awareness of current versions of the following network and stand-alone software; including, but not limited to, Microsoft software, to include operating system and Microsoft Office productivity suite (Access, Excel, Outlook, etc.), Internet Explorer, other COTS (Commercial Off-the-Shelf), and Government developed software (PBUSE, TEDs, ATAAPS etc.) as required. Provide server-based desktop backup operator support for users by scheduling desktop backups for authorized users. The Contractor shall assist with configuration of mission backup software on servers, to include scheduling of backups, restoration of user data, and approved application patches for backup mission software. Conduct routine hardware and software audits of workstations to ensure compliance with established standards, policies, and configuration guidelines. Analyze advanced computer hardware/software problems, needs, integrate various products/components into existing systems, research or recommend solutions, and provide technical recommendations. Provide technical and operational Video Teleconference (VTC) support to end users. Maintain customer email distribution lists and modify permissions for group mailboxes. Submit tickets via the Army Enterprise Remedy IT Service Management (ITSM). Experience: At least (5) years providing Desktop Systems Administration Be proficient in Microsoft Workstation Operating System platforms and Microsoft Office applications current and future inventory as approved by DISA, other standard systems, and software used by Detroit Arsenal NEC customers. The Contractor shall take technical IA guidance and daily workload direction from the COR and reside in Mission tenant areas Required Certification: CompTIA Security+ with (CE) or CompTIA Network+ with (CE) Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) Windows 10 Clearance: Secret Security Clearance (Required) enGenius Consulting Group, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer M / F / D / V