Description: Austin - TX, AUS2, 2309 Gracy Farms Lane, 78758 Lance Alan Britton 20180517-3384 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: Analytics and Business Insight is a department of 160 team members focused on firm-wide strategic decision support, client behavior diagnostics, advanced analytics, market research, client loyalty, management reporting, and client and prospect data management. Our mission is to help Schwab compete on analytics – in particular, to serve our clients and cultivate their loyalty by understanding their needs and goals better than anyone – and make strategic decisions in a data-driven, fact-based, sophisticated manner. Our services are in heavy demand due to our reputation for accuracy, strong business insight, outstanding productivity, and attention to detail. What you’ll do: Schwab’s Digital Services Analytics team within Analytics & Business Insight plays a critical role in supporting Schwab’s new Digital Services organization. The team is responsible for providing reliable and timely analytics and insights to inform Digital Services strategies, business decisions, and improvements to Schwab’s digital platforms. We leverage close, collaborative working relationships with our business partners to apply analytic solutions to a wide array of business problems and questions. Key responsibilities will include: Act as an internal strategy consultant to Digital Services stakeholders – understand the challenges they face, form proactive, data-driven approaches, and execute quantitative analyses to inform business decisions Create analytical models, such as customer segmentation, experience impact analysis, and test and control designs to evaluate business decisions and opportunities Create and deliver high-impact presentations in PowerPoint and clearly communicate methodologies and results in a concise, easy-to-understand fashion to drive action Gather relevant quantitative and qualitative information by extracting data from internal databases and meeting with team and business partners Collaborate with internal ABI partners to deliver best-in-class and holistic solutions Build strong partnerships with business partners to align, prioritize, and integrate our efforts What you have: 6-8 years of full time work experience, including 5+ years in an analytical role Superior analytical skills, creativity in problem solving, and attention to detail Effective communication skills, both written and verbal, as well as the ability to develop concise and effective presentations tailored to specific audiences Strong relationship building and collaboration skills, especially in cross-functional teams Comfort in a dynamic, fast-moving, Agile, and matrix work environment Strong academic record and demonstrated success in both academic and professional settings Proficient in SAS or R programming and SQL skills Financial Services experience preferred but not required Strategy or Management Consulting experience a plus Experience with building Tableau dashboards a plus What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: Analyst/Strategy-2-5 yrs, Financial Services-less than 2 yrs Position Located In: TX - Austin Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Marketing Analytics Activation Date: Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Expiration Date: Saturday, September 1, 2018 Apply Here