Tesla’s Service Associate Managers are the leaders of our technical operations and service shop floor teams. In this role, you will be responsible for leading an engaged team of technicians while delivering an impeccable service experience through driving excellent results and delivering operational efficiency in our service centers. Expectations and Responsibilities: Provide effective supervision and coaching to assigned technical employees to achieve the required quality and service output goals. Maintain appropriate shop records and inventories. Manage the smooth flow of work through the service center. Serve as the process leader for shop activities, ensuring work standards are defined and systemically improved with input from service technicians and the rest of the service center team Lead, coach and develop a highly engaged team of technicians Partner with Service Manager and other key stakeholders to establish targets for quality, speed and cost in line with customer and business needs Ensure that work standards and available engineering procedures are current, accurate and that all work is done in compliance to ensure maximum quality. Monitor to ensure that all employees comply with safety regulations and the service center's safety program. Work with employees to resolve technical and personnel problems. Schedule employees to effectively meet service needs and to ensure vacation and other time off consistent with company policies. Responsible for selecting team members and ensuring they receive the required training. Conduct regularly scheduled one on one developmental meetings with team members to facilitate their professional development. Monitor training needs/requirements of the team and individuals and coordinate training as required in partnership with training team resources Provide effective daily communication in order to keep all team members working toward the same goals. Communicate to employees all issues that affect the service center and overall service organization. Partner with Service Manager to scale and grow the service production team in support of company targets Perform other duties as assigned by the Service Manager. General Requirements: Associates or B.S. degree or equivalent preferred. Prior leadership experience in a service-focused industry preferred. Automotive expertise not required. Ability to meet deadlines and be accountable for quality / quantity. Able to manage multiple tasks with competing priorities, establish and achieve goals. Ability to lead group root cause problem solving activities and rapidly develop countermeasures Able to effectively interact with customers as required Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. One to three years of industrial supervisory or similar leadership experience preferred. Able to work a flexible schedule, including weekday and weekend overtime. Good computer skills, experience with Microsoft Office a must. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program