Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Data Analyst is a highly trained individual who specializes in collecting, organizing and analyzing data from various resources with the purpose of turning numbers into information to support decision making. This team member uses a wide range of tools and methodologies, including statistics and technical expertise to generate results that highlight useful insights and expose areas of opportunities. Data Analysts must be naturally curious, have a strong sense of urgency and focus on how their analyses impact our business partners. Responsibilities Provide analytical decision support on a wide range of initiatives, notably contact strategy, lead allocation strategy and prioritization of product features Field and prioritize strategic requests to help everyone involved better understand the impact of key business decisions, make projections and enhance our mortgage-related processes Collect appropriate data for usage in analyses and conduct related research Assure integrity of project data, including data extraction, storage and manipulation, for processing and analysis Analyze data with standard statistical methods, interpreting results and providing written summaries of data analyses Perform data analysis with regard to client requests and develop rules and methodologies for effective data management Effectively summarize and simplify analysis results that are to be shared with other team members and our business partners through a wide variety of mediums Work closely with our internal Business Intelligence peers, including the Business Analysts, Engineers and Modelers, to ensure we are creating a holistic solution that solves for necessary analytics, technical solutions and models to satisfy a particular business initiative Work closely with our partners across Technology to make sure source systems, processes and data are in alignment to accomplish business needs Requirements Bachelor’s degree or higher in economics, mathematics, applied statistics, actuarial science, or equivalent experience Experience in analysis relating to contact strategy, lead allocation and product management 1 – 2 years of applied experience working with complex data sets Advanced Excel skills Statistical knowledge and the ability to apply it in a business environment Working knowledge of statistical software like Minitab, SPSS, R or SAS Ability to use SQL or other querying languages to create data sets Strong understanding of the business and industry Demonstrated capacity for being responsible for data within the organization to reach conclusions, drive solutions and/or make recommendations Demonstrated ability to put data in context, display data appropriately using a variety of tools and apply statistical methodologies accurately Demonstrated standards for communication and a solid presence Experience working within the business to create strategic actionable takeaways, provide solutions and expose areas of opportunity Great accuracy and a talent for identifying and resolving data issues Comfort in working with numbers daily Natural curiosity and an active interest in data analysis and problem solving Great communication skills and comfort working with IT partners and senior leadership Comfort with a high learning curve regarding software platforms and new analytical concepts Strong project management and prioritization skills Ability to work in fast-paced environment where flexibility is key and directions can change frequently Extreme attention to details and outstanding organizational skills What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._