The Role Data is the lifeblood of modern marketing - whether it’s performance optimization or segmentation insights - marketers can’t build compelling brands and programs that grow sales without useful data analysis. The Marketing Analytics and Insights Manager at Convey will be foundational in helping craft executive and operational dashboards, empowering marketers to improve their analytics capabilities and deriving insights to transform our business. Do you want more than a role measuring campaigns? Does your curious nature drive you to ask big picture questions? This role - a hybrid that faces inward and outward - goes beyond the norm of a standard marketing analyst. Your curiosity and analytical skills will help us understand how Convey’s audiences want to engage and measure how our marketing strategies are delivering results to inform optimization opportunities. You'll help us shape new markets by delving into research that helps answer the big questions about what's next for Convey. Responsibilities Marketing Analytics (70%) Collaborate with marketing and business to build MVP marketing dashboard and iterate over time to craft a complete set of marketing reports that drive smart decisions and expand our data-informed culture. Understand business goals and provide insights into customer segments and message strategies that lead to improved campaign performance across channels. Convert insights from analytics into stories that resonate with teams & drive positive business outcomes. Provide a 360° view of the customer journey by creating customer segmentation and attribution models that provide real-time insights to track the results of marketing spend. Champion and maintain all marketing analytics systems and processes with an eye to simplicity and automation. Market Insights (30%) Research, develop and maintain market segments, TAM/SAM analyses and data-informed vertical industry insights Perform competitive and market based content analysis to identify trends and white space in the logistics and supply chain landscape Collaborate with product marketing on data-informed win/loss and SWOT analyses MarTech We Use Salesforce Pardot Google Analytics Terminus Wordpress Outreach (sales) Tableau Qualifications Bachelor's degree with quantitative coursework (e.g., Economics, Computer Science, Finance, Management, Psychology) or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years marketing analytics experience, familiarity with ABM strategies 1-2 years market insights experience and/or background in research/psychology Experience analyzing data to extract insights from observed patterns and outliers Business sense and ability to build impactful reports, visualizations, and interactive dashboards Technical experience using/interpreting data models, designing database schema, understanding data relationships, and/or mining and segmenting data Expert in MS Excel, BI Platforms such as Tableau or Looker, Google Analytics Advanced Analytic Experience a Plus: Regression, A/B Testing, Marketing Analytical Models Strong interpersonal and communication skills (both written and oral) Client service mentality, flexibility and willingness to collaborate openly with other functions Self-motivated with the ability to multitask We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.