Are you passionate about data ecosystems and the ability to use data to drive actionable change? If so this role with our team at Atlassian is for you. As a Data Engineer on the Customers Success and Support team, you'll be driving our business to scale via building and improving our data infrastructures and data pipeline. Some examples of what you will be doing are: Architect, build, launch, and manage data models to enable analytics Design, build, and manage data warehouse Design, build, improve, and manage data pipelines and ETL jobs Create ETL scripts via SQL/HiveQL/SparkSQL Automate data pipeline and reporting processes Build data expertise and own data quality for the awesome pipelines you build Some of the tools/languages/systems you'll use are: Hive, Spark, Postgres, Presto Amazon EC2, EMR, S3 Python Docker Tableau SourceTree and Bitbucket Linux Shell You'll work together with other data engineers, analysts, project managers, and subject matter experts to deliver impactful outcomes to the organization. You'll participate in multiple concurrent high-visibility projects along with occasional ad-hoc questions from your internal customers. We continually require modifications to the data pipeline for improvements in quality, speed, and features. In this role you'll focus on building out the future state of our data pipeline. You'll help design event collection infrastructure, build data models, and ETL processes to collect, extract, and clean the data for subsequent reporting and analysis. The target is making our data model more scalable, reliable, maintainable, and better integrated with other parts of our data ecosystem. More about you You've been in a data engineering role for 5+ years and have a BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or other technical discipline. You value high- quality work with attention to detail and have a track record of delivering both. You combine curiosity with critical thinking and good judgment, and like asking "why" to unravel a seemingly complex problem and get to the root cause. You know how to gather, document, and interpret business requirements. You're a wizard with SQL; better than anyone else you know. You've got practical experience working with large structured or unstructured datasets. You enjoy thinking about improvements to the ways in which data is consumed and then figuring out how to make it happen via reporting platforms and visualizations. You have a nearly insatiable desire to learn new concepts and technologies and apply them to your work. When you encounter a problem you come up with multiple solutions, weigh the tradeoffs and efforts, identify the best path forward, and exercise good judgment to drive ahead. You're comfortable interacting with people across all levels of an organization and can field questions during a presentation like a pro. You're self-driven and find ways to be impactful. You're quick on your feet and take on challenges with ease. You can take an ambiguous assignment and derive valuable insight. You use multiple tools and methods to find solutions, and couple that with intuition and quick tests to prioritize how to unravel complicated problems. More about our team You'll be joining a growing analytics and project delivery team located in multiple regions across the globe. We challenge each other constantly to improve our work and ask hard questions. We're direct, focused, and demand excellence, but there's laughter in every meeting because we thoroughly enjoy the work we do and the impact it has. We're constantly growing, learning, adapting, and trying new things. BBQ, tacos, and coffee are a few of our favorite things. More about our benefits Our offices are open, highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year to support your favorite cause, plenty of food and beverages, ergonomic workstations with sit/stand desks, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years, generous employer-paid insurance coverage (medical, dental, and vision) for you and your family, 401k matching and more. More about Atlassian Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and now Stride. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.