Are you excited by the possibilities of artificial intelligence and machine learning? Do you have passion for health or life science? Are you ready to bring your legal know-how to bear on novel and challenging legal issues involving cutting-edge technology? The Microsoft Corporate, External and Legal Affairs (CELA) team has an immediate opening for a dynamic, highly motivated attorney to join our Artificial Intelligence and Research (AI&R;) legal team in Redmond, Washington. The AI&R; legal team provides front-line world-wide legal support for Microsoft’s AI&R; Group. AI&R; is responsible for driving the company’s overall artificial intelligence (AI) strategy and forward- looking research and development efforts spanning infrastructure, services, apps and agents. It includes AI-focused product groups including Bing and Cortana, AI-focused incubation groups including Healthcare New Experiences and Technologies (NExT), and Microsoft Research, one of the world’s premier computer science research organizations. This position will be primarily supporting the Healthcare NExT team within AI&R;, which is looking to establish a new model for strategic health industry partnerships and use AI and machine learning to dramatically improve people’s lives through better and more efficient health and wellness care. Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include: Providing creative and proactive counseling on a broad range of complex legal, regulatory, business and policy issues to support the implementation of Microsoft’s health and wellness vision, including IP licensing and business model development. Coordinating with team members, CELA colleagues and outside counsel on various privacy, litigation, antitrust, healthcare regulatory compliance, and government affairs matters to develop policies and best practices to address and influence legal and regulatory issues that may affect the business. Drafting and negotiating a variety of legal agreements in cooperation with internal business clients, including development and collaboration agreements, marketing alliances and acquisitions. Building strong client relationships and become a trusted advisor to the business. Driving process improvements as required. Qualifications The successful candidate must have a J.D. from an ABA-accredited law school and at least 7+ years of experience as a practicing attorney. The role requires the successful candidate to work efficiently, prioritize workflow, and collaborate well to manage complex projects that cut across organizational boundaries. Experience with product development, software licenses and other commercial agreements involving the acquisition and use of IP and technology is strongly preferred. Familiarity with navigating regulatory environments, particularly medical device and data privacy regulations, is also a significant plus. The above description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work to be performed by the successful candidate. The actual duties and responsibilities may vary in line with business imperatives. Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly supports workforce diversity. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.