Summary One year Special Duty OR Term Limited Temporary The Department of Natural Resources and Parks – Wastewater Treatment Division is hiring a Wastewater Support Specialist to work at the West Point Wastewater Treatment Plant (1400 Discovery Park) for a 12-15-month special duty assignment or Term Limited Temporary assignment. The responsibilities of this classification include performing fully proficient and advanced level technical and administrative functions to support the administrative, maintenance, and financial reporting systems that support a wastewater treatment plant and conveyance systems. This position reports to the Administrator III. IMPORTANT NOTE: This Treatment Plant is located in Discovery Park – there is no public transportation to this facility – you have to use your own transportation. WHO MAY APPLY: This position is open to all qualified candidates who fall under the Master Labor Agreement; however, S.E.I.U. Wastewater Local 925 candidates will receive first consideration – then open to all qualified internal King County employees (as a special duty assignment) – then all external applicants. WORK SCHEDULE: The treatment plants are operated 24/7. This position is currently assigned to working a 5 x 8 schedule and work hours of 7:00 am - 3:30 pm. Applicants must be available to work any and all assigned shift schedules, although the work is generally performed weekdays between the hours of 6:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. This position is overtime eligible. WORK LOCATION AND CONDITIONS : This work is performed in an office setting located in an industrial facility where operational factors may affect the work environment. Please note the following: this location is not directly accessible through public transit and may not be suitable for all bicycle commuters. PRIMARY JOB FUNCTIONS: Follow established policies and procedures for payroll and time and labor transactions (e.g., review electronic and paper time reports, enter data, file transfer to central payroll system) ensuring accuracy through review of documentation and audit of retained data; resolve and/or identify payroll and other accounting related problems by researching and answering questions or referring problems to other staff Develop, prepare, maintain, and track operational and administrative information such as mandated operations reports, permits, newsletters, presentation materials, organizational charts, expense reports, and directories Prepare and process documentation (paper and electronic) associated with travel, training and procurement Research and compile data for information requests including preparing spreadsheets and/or custom reports Document processes and procedures and propose improvement to existing processes and procedures Utilize Microsoft Outlook to schedule meeting rooms and pool vehicles (and resolve related conflicts), track absences, set meetings and to communicate with diverse audiences from individuals to the entire division Maintain confidential human resources and plant operations information including employee emergency contact information, performance appraisals, stand-by lists, and process related transactions. Maintain and administer all portable communications equipment and motor pool vehicles assigned to the plant, including record-keeping and vendor agreements. Perform general administrative support as assigned including answering phones, maintaining calendars, screening mail, preparing correspondence and other documents for management's signature, purchasing supplies, archiving, for plant and associated facilities. Experience, Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills: Three years of administrative experience in an office or industrial environment Working knowledge and experience in the application of general office principles and techniques Three years processing payroll records; using computerized and paper processing methods Working knowledge and experience in Microsoft Office products Working knowledge and experience in research techniques and principles Working knowledge and experience in basic accounting techniques and principles Working knowledge and experience in customer service techniques and principles Ability to work independently and on a team with appropriate, professional interactions Ability to comprehend and retain training in allotted timeframes Skill in reviewing detailed information and processing transactions with mandatory deadlines Skill in working on a number of assignments simultaneously Skill in organizing and prioritizing work assignments Skill in making independent decisions on work assignments and processing payroll transactions. The Most Competitive Candidates Will Possess: Knowledge and experience in the application of specific software applications such as PeopleSoft (payroll and personnel database) and Mainsaver (asset management database) Knowledge and experience in processing payroll transactions including audit principles and techniques. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: LICENSING / CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: Valid Driver's License APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: Current King County job application Resume Letter of interest describing how you qualify for this position This position is represented by S.E.I.U. Wastewater Local 925. Working at a Wastewater Treatment facility. For more information regarding this recruitment, please contact: Sue Ruiz Senior Human Resource Analyst 206-477-3298 Sue.Ruiz@kingcounty.gov King county and the Wastewater Treatment Division (WTD) values diverse perspectives and life experience, and encourage people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities, and veterans.