Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. The EIT team helps customers directly every time they do business with the company, delivering a true One Wells Fargo experience and ensuring their security, regardless of channel. EIT also helps customers by remaining trusted partners working with all lines of business (LOB) to develop and deliver value-added products and services. To do this, EIT draws on the talents and motivation of thousands of technology team members across the enterprise. Altogether, EIT manages world-wide technology for more than 8,700 branches and 12,500 ATMs – larger than Starbucks and The Gap combined. Role Overview: The Payments, Virtual Solutions, Innovation, & Community Banking (PVSI & CB) business group was created recently to leverage and build on our strengths to deliver compelling and game changing experiences for our customers. The launch of this business division brought together six lines of businesses: Consumer Credit Solutions, Deposit Products Group, Innovations, Operations, Treasury Management and Wells Fargo Virtual Channels. The PVSI & Community Banking (PVSI & CB) technology organization is focused on bringing together technology teams across the firm focused on delivering the next generation of payments capabilities, advancing digital offerings, enabling innovation to develop new customer experiences & products and enhancing branch, contact center & ATM technology. The PVSI & CB groups play a critical role in enabling our business partners through technology solutions. The organizational models for these teams are designed to more effectively manage our portfolio of applications, govern enterprise IT, manage risk, simplify our technology offerings, and execute on our business partners’ priorities with enhanced time to market. The Business Services teams supporting these groups are a critical component of the EIT CIO (Enterprise Information Technology) operating model and are focused on providing business services to team members, support partners and Line of Business partners in conjunction with the Enterprise CIO Business Services organization. Job Description: Developer position will support the Deposit Products Group and Deposit Products Group Risk lines of business providing technical solutions for Debit Card services and Consumer Demand deposit accounts for both Checking and Savings products. Technical functionalities were built to focus on fraud and risk screening of Debit card and Deposit accounts transacted in real time mode. The application was architected and developed in 2015 and 2016 and continues to evolve as new functionalities are developed. Develops enhancements to existing code. Performs research and analysis efforts. Verifies program logic by overseeing the preparation of test data, testing and debugging of programs. Participates in overall systems testing. Develops new documentation, participates in the development of department technical procedures and designs user guides. Assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area and oversees updating and testing of the business continuation plan Required Qualifications 3+ years of application development and implementation experience 1+ year of Java experience Desired Qualifications Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills SQL experience UNIX experience 1+ year of distributed servers platform experience 2+ years of relational database experience Other Desired Qualifications Knowledge or experience in using source control tools and writing technical design specs/documents Knowledge of configuration/deployment of application on Tomcat or Websphere. Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.