Los Angeles, California Science and Analytics Netflix is revolutionizing the entertainment industry with world-class technology. We produce series, films, documentaries, stand-up comedy, and more for our members all across the globe. We are reinventing content categories and breaking down barriers with bold creative decisions. Because of our international footprint, we are able to elevate new creators, tell a diverse set of stories, and inspire a world-wide audience, transcending geographical and cultural borders. We’re looking for a highly-skilled researcher to join our Content Development & Programming Science team. As a member of the team, you will build unprecedented, state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models to inform decisions that will shape the future of entertainment. Your Role: You will design and develop statistical & machine learning models to inform our decisions at the very earliest stages of content development - before a show is even a show! You will independently deliver effective solutions to meaningful (and challenging!) problems. You will collaborate with visualization experts to design and build custom interactive tools for our content teams - powered by your models! You will be entrepreneurial and directly collaborate with our content teams to identify high-value applications of data-driven technology. Your Qualifications: You have a MS or PhD in a stats or ML-related field (CS, Bioinformatics, Biostats, EE, etc.) You have expertise in one or more of the following: latent variable models, structural equation modeling, Bayesian networks. You have experience in building statistical models with real-world data. You have strong coding experience in Python or R, with experience in open-source ML and stats packages (sklearn, TF/Keras/PyTorch, H2O, PyMC, etc.) preferred. Bonus points if you’re a movie/TV enthusiast! Netflix is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to building an inclusive environment for all employees.