Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a Hardware Engineer to join our Data Center Connectivity team. Our data centers are the foundation upon which our rapidly growing infrastructure efficiently operates and our innovative services delivered. The successful candidate is responsible for new product introductions in our data center connectivity installations, including new builds and retrofits. The Hardware Engineer will work with design, development, and sourcing teams; subject matter experts; vendors; and DCC field teams to assure successful product introductions. Responsibilities include proactively identifying pain points and opportunities, and advocating effectively for new or modified hardware as needed. Full lifecycle engagement is required, with lessons learned from field deployments rolled into future product introductions. The design engineer needs to collaborate effectively with internal stakeholders, assuring DCC requirements are represented prior to product down-selection. This position is full-time and is based in our main office in Menlo Park, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with structured cable design team and field installation team to identify pain points and business needs for new or modified connectivity hardware, and create optimized product solution with high quality and low cost Execute prototype product validation test plan, analyze test data with statistical model, draft test report, and present intermediate and final reports to cross-functional teams Create and complete new product part number requests (PNR) and manage product life cycle changes with Engineering Change Order (ECO) Review pre-production verification test plans, assuring key risks are addressed in the product pilot phase Able to travel up to 15% of the time MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering or Physical Science 3+ years track record of developing or specifying fiber optic cables and connector related products Knowledge of fiber optic component, cabling, and interconnect products, technologies, and standards Experience in statistical data analysis Experience with product life cycle management (PLM) process Experience providing solutions to problems and meeting deadlines Experience engaging stakeholders PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degree Experience using a software tool for statistical data analysis such as JMP Experience using Agile as product life-cycle management tool Data center or other mission critical development experience