Position Summary The Database Administrator position will be responsible for maintaining the company’s Microsoft SQL Server database systems including back-up, performance tuning, capacity planning, monitoring critical events, and documentation. _Salary and level will be commensurate with experience._ __ Essential Job Functions Manage production, QA, and development database environments. Work with internal and external application development teams to validate application queries. Create detailed documentation including diagrams of database infrastructure. Learn relevant business processes and understand the data flow, criticality and dependencies. Set up and maintain database infrastructure for the company’s data analytic needs. Monitor, maintain database systems and troubleshoot problems that may arise. Maintain data integrity and security (manage roles and permissions of database users). Use tools like SQL Profiler for database tuning. Generate traces, execution plans, identify performance issues, deadlocks/contention and resolve them. Develop strategies and implement solutions for managing back-ups, restoration and replication. Create and manage constraints and indexes. Support software developers with database operations including the development of complex SQL, tuning of DML and the creation of stored procedures. Proactive housekeeping/archiving and shrinking of databases. _Physical Requirements and Working Conditions: Must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer, stamina to maintain attention to detail despite interruptions, strength to lift and carry files weighing up to 10 pounds; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen, and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone._ _This job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities of the position. Incumbents will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and duties outside of their normal responsibilities as assigned by their supervisor._ Minimum Qualifications HS Diploma or GED Equivalent 6 years of experience in administering Microsoft SQL server databases. Experience writing T-SQL and stored procedures and query tuning Experience with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS). Proficient with SQL server profiler for monitoring and troubleshooting database activity and performance. Some experience with SQL Server Clustering and HA technologies including Always On Availability groups, mirroring, log shipping, failover cluster and various replication technologies. _The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Preferred Qualifications Bachelors or Master’s degree in computer science or equivalent education and experience. 8 years of experience in administering Microsoft SQL server databases. Expert in writing T-SQL and stored procedures and query tuning on high transaction systems. Extensive experience in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS). Experienced in ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) development / data integration. Expert with SQL server profiler for monitoring and troubleshooting database activity and performance. Expert in SQL Server Clustering and HA technologies including Always On Availability groups, mirroring, log shipping, failover cluster and various replication technologies. In depth knowledge of other databases like MySQL, No SQL databases and In-memory databases Ability to develop procedure documents and maintain detailed database related documents.