This is a remote position and can be located anywhere near a major airport. This is a salary plus OT position. ABOUT SICK: Today, SICK is a leading manufacturer of factory, logistics and process automation technology worldwide. With more than 1,000 patents for its products, SICK continues to lead the industry in new product innovations. The diversity of its product line allows SICK to offer solutions at every phase of production in the automotive, packaging, electronics, food and beverage, consumer goods, logistics, parcel, material handling, oil and gas, chemical/HPI, power, and cement industries. SICK’s expansive product portfolio includes industrial sensors; safety solutions automatic identification; vision encoders; and gas, dust, and flow analyzers. POSITION SUMMARY: This position designs and develops all aspects of automation control systems, equipment and machinery. This responsibility includes PLC based software design and development as wells as programming of SICK’s Apps Space environment to configure and integrate systems into customer’s control systems. This position will be supporting the growth of SICK’s systems business throughout the U.S. Emphasis within the role is to expand SICK’s integration/engineering service capabilities to integrate SICK’s sensors and safety systems into our customer’s automation and control systems. Complete full lifecycle / turnkey automation and information projects from program and project management, consulting, definition and requirements through Design (automation, information, electrical, panel, architecture), Programming (Programmable Logic Controller(PLC), HMI(Human Machine Interface), OIT(Operator Interface Terminal), potentially Historian, MES(Manufacturing Execution Systems), RDB(Relational Database), into Factory Acceptance Test(FAT) against defined User and Functional requirements. Post FAT responsible for delivery and installation of systems, commissioning, start-up at customer site followed by handoff and Site Acceptance Test(SAT). Services may involve complete projects, aspects of projects whether offered on firm fixed price or T&M (Time and Material) basis. Ensure QMS (quality management system process) involving necessary documentation and project rigor via PMO(project management office) and/or Project methodology (V model, CPM, etc.) RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, program, and complete start-up of customer solutions using automation engineering principles and software programming of PLC and HMI. Program and configure, linking I/O to PLC. Integrate SICK products as well as third party technologies. Analyze project functional specifications and requirements, scope of work, all design criteria documents and proposals as needed to support the design of the system. Perform consultative Life Time Services (LTS) offerings including report generation. This entails data gathering, device selection and system design to ensure high performance results. Document the systems design as required by the customer. This documentation may also apply to Field Service and Technical Support for future support. Create final designs, Bill-Of-Materials, define parts and technologies from external suppliers to meet project requirements as needed. Support the start-ups of systems at customer sites ensuring successful go-live and optimal performance. Troubleshoot and debug systems as required. Complete acceptance testing (FAT/SAT) per customer requirements. Provide amazing customer service by effectively managing customer expectations. Carry out other duties and responsibilities as may be assigned or required. QUALIFICATIONS: Education and Experience Four year degree in engineering or related field. 1-3 years prior system integration experience (hardware and software) within the logistics automation, factory automation or similar industry required. PLC and SCADA/HMI programming experience required. Knowledge of various types of networks is a plus (Ethernet/IP, Profinet, etc.). Other Qualifications Strong desire and focus to build skills and aptitude in automation, mechanical, vision and lighting. Ability to support business processes through strong communication skills. Additional programming experience is a plus o Halcon programming platform o C++ programming o Robotics programming ISA Standards knowledge (S88, S95, etc.) a plus GAMP V Model, knowledge a plus Technology: Information layer knowledge (Historian, Relational Database, SQL(structured query language), MES(Manufacturing Execution System, HMI(Human Machine Interface), Programming, Robot programming, Control Systems (Programmable Logic Controllers, Distributed Control Systems, Soft), IO & Final Control and Sensing Layer knowledge a plus. Safety Systems (Functional SIL 1, 2, 3 and Discrete On Machine) knowledge a plus Motion Control Systems knowledge a plus Vision Systems knowledge a plus Industrial Internet of Things (IIOT) or Industry 4.0 knowledge a plus. Ability to travel domestic and internationally 25-50% Legally permitted to work in the United States Ability to work in a general office environment CORE COMPETENCIES: Ethics and Integrity, Personal Growth and Learning, Customer Focus, Personal Accountability, Building Effective Relationships. POSITIONAL COMPETENCIES: Technical Learning, Priority Setting, Communication, Perseverance, Learning on the fly. If you thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented work environment that offers challenges and the opportunity for growth, we’re the place for you! SICK, Inc. has several locations throughout domestic US and offers competitive wages and an excellent benefits program. Qualified candidates can apply online by clicking the apply online button. Visit us at www.sickusa.com. Affirmative Action (AA)/Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V