Requisition: 44101 Location: Seattle, WA Accelerate Your Career _Drive global technology_ With more than $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions to the automotive retail and adjacent industries. Focused on enabling end-to-end automotive commerce, CDK provides solutions to dealers in more than 100 countries around the world, serving approximately 28,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK Global solutions automate and integrate critical processes from pre-sale targeted advertising to the sale, financing, insurance, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles, with an increasing focus on utilizing data analytics and predictive intelligence. We’re large enough to make a difference but small enough for your voice to be heard. This means that we are an organization where every person matters. You can make an impact on the success of our business and that of our customers regardless of what career you decide to pursue. From data scientists to sales and client service experts, we’re hiring to support your growth and ours - Green light your career. Position Summary: The Continuous Improvement Lead drives a culture of Business Excellence through the design and implementation of major projects that result in financial benefit and/or improved customer satisfaction. This role will provide the expertise and leadership needed to drive continuous improvement in CDK. By working closely with the senior leadership team this role will serve as change agents, internal consultants and mentors. Interaction with leadership should stimulate thinking by posing new ways of doing things, challenge conventional wisdom and demonstrate successful application of new LSS methodologies. This role will report to the Director, Continuous Improvement and have high visibility to senior management levels. Position Responsibilities: Work independently to complete projects as assigned, by both mentoring as well as driving individual projects to successful execution and appropriate use of LSS tools Contribute to the design, development and update of the Continuous Improvement methodology (incl. methods and tools, Reference Guide, training material) Facilitate meetings with management to review and examine pipeline and projects progress Provide project, methodology, and tool support to the organization Find application opportunities for Lean Six Sigma strategy and tools Serve as a change agent promoting the use of Lean Six Sigma methodology Develop strong working relationships with management at all levels Position Requirements: Continuous Improvement Project Management/Leadership Demonstrated financial achievement through the deployment and the implementation of LSS tools. Strong coaching skills with a minimum of 3-5 years of effectively leading large, complex programs with significant change impact across organizational boundaries and across multiple sites. A fluent and highly articulate communicator with excellent interpersonal and influencing skills. Mentored Green/Yellow for project support, methodology and tool usage. Demonstrated ability to develop strong relationships with functional business leaders, subject matter experts and peers to support project goal, timeline and resource plans Business Acumen and Influence skills Ability to collaborate and drive difficult decisions among business partners Strong understanding of business process mapping; application of these principles to solving complex business problems Analytically driven; fluent with data-driven analysis and performance metrics including data visualizations for Executive and Leadership presentations Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong Financial acumen Bachelor’s degree in related field [Finance, Business Management, Information Systems, etc.]; or the equivalent in education and PMO experience; MBA preferred Black Belt Six Sigma or Lean certification Willingness to travel as the project requires Strong multi-tasking and prioritizing abilities while being nimble and adaptable 7+ years business experience CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few. At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.