Interns are temporary employees who provide support for District staff at varying levels and who receive on-the-job training. Interns are assigned to work on a broad range of projects and assignments in different District units. Interns work side-by-side with District staff to obtain working knowledge and training in the area of assignment related to their field of study. Placement in this classification is temporary, and permanent employment is not guaranteed. The District may not employ more than six (6) months full-time (30 hours per week), or if working part-time or irregular time schedule no more than 1000 or 125 days in a fiscal year. Examples of Duties: Groundwater Resources Division: Positions involve working with engineers or a hydrogeologist in providing technical oversight of investigation and remediation at leaking underground fuel tank or other types of spill and lead sites in conformance to local, regional and state guidelines. Typical tasks involved with these sites include reviewing environmental consultants' proposals and reports, interpreting contaminate data, entering information into a database, tracking the progress of the investigation and remediation communicating with the public and environmental consultants, and preparing correspondence and case closure reports. May also assist in Groundwater Resources programs and projects such as Groundwater Basin Management, Groundwater modeling, wellhead protection, and well rehabilitation, operation and maintenance. Interns spend the majority of their time in the office working on these tasks using a variety of computer programs. Field work is also encouraged to enhance understanding of various Groundwater Resources programs and projects. Typical Qualifications: Groundwater Resources Division: Strong analytical skills, including proficiency in spreadsheets and data management. Superior math skills, as well as strong written and oral communication skills. At least Junior class standing. Completed coursework in environmental engineering, water treatment, groundwater resources, hydrogeology and chemistry is desirable. Selection Procedure: Application materials MUST include a resume.