Individual will be responsible for providing highly complex technical support to the Engineering organizations at Synopsys. This position will be required to support and improve complex Linux and high performance compute in a dynamic, demanding engineering environment. Furthermore, this person will be responsible for collaborating globally and providing leaderhip on efforts for various IT activities related to the Synopsys Engineering environment. Responsibilities Provide advanced Linux (RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu, SUSE) troubleshooting and technical support to the Engineering organization. Participate in support case management related to Engineering infrastructure; participate in 7x24 on-call support rotation schedule. Maintain, monitor, produce and analyze metrics for production systems to ensure optimal performance, resource utilization and uptime Assist in day-to-day maintenance of the Engineering infrastructure, including Linux system builds, configuration & security management, patching, automation and system upgrades, troubleshooting complex technical issues. Responsible for leading and participating in a number of small, medium and large scale, enterprise-wide projects. Partner with engineering to deliver strategic initiatives, projects, recommend technologies and automation efforts. Contribute to roadmaps, leveraging current and future technologies, providing innovative and sustainable solutions to complex problems. Qualifications: 8+ years of strong experience in the support of Linux (RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu, SUSE), Kickstart and PXE environments. Can support, maintain, improve and troubleshoot the related technologies. Strong interpersonal and communication skills; capable of training users, mentoring other system administrators in complex topics and interacting positively with management at all levels. Independent problem-solving and troubleshooting in an engineering focused complex global Linux environment and associated IT Infrastructure. Proficient in all aspects of Linux operating system administration including system installation, configuration management, high performance computing, security, package repositories, patching and installation of third-party software in very large environments. Solid understanding of Linux-based operating systems including virtual memory management, kernel memory accounting, daemons, devices, device drivers, loadable modules, filesystem concepts Skilled in one or more configuration management tools to support large environments preferably Ansible Ability to write and support complex scripts and programs, preferably using Python, Perl, Bash, C. Experience with development components such as compilers, MAKE, building and using Open Source tools, source code revision control (Git/Perforce). Understanding of networking/distributed computing environment concepts including NFS, DNS and LDAP. Experience with virtualized environments (VMware, Xen, Citrix). Experience managing large (1000+ node) compute clusters Masters degree in Information Systems/Computer Science or equivalent experience required. Other Desired Skills Linux certification (Red Hat, Linux Foundation or equivalent) Exposure to AWS infrastructure, OpenStack and hybrid cloud compute model Experience in Silicon, EDA and SW workloads Experience with large network attached storage (NetApp, EMC Isilon) environments. Requires strong inter-personal and communication skills.