\----------------------- ABOUT THE TEAM AND ROLE \----------------------- theSkimm's mission is to make it easier to live a smarter life. We’re building news and information products that fit into your everyday routines, and we take a user-centric, collaborative approach while doing so. We’re best known for the Daily Skimm, an email newsletter reaching nearly 7-Million active subscribers daily. We launched theSkimm app on iOS two years ago, which integrates seamlessly with your smartphone calendar to give you all the big things happening in politics, business, tech, and entertainment before and it's happening. We also launched theSkimm Studios, our in-house audio and video production team.. theSkimm's Tech team is a group of experienced, resourceful programmers who are comfortable building tools throughout the stack. Our mission as an engineering team is to build the connections between theSkimm's editorial team and its growing audience, wherever they are. \-------------------- WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING \-------------------- In this role, you will be encouraged to use emerging technologies to develop innovative solutions for common data challenges. Put more simply, we want someone who's familiar solving the data engineering challenges of today, and who's eager to pioneer the solutions of tomorrow. Primary responsibilities include: Designing and centralizing theSkimm's data infrastructure in the cloud (primarily AWS) Building connections between theSkimm and its partners, often via RESTful APIs Creating frameworks and tooling that allows engineers and analysts to introduce new data views quickly and efficiently Managing the development, configuration, and reporting on data tasks responsible for communicating with millions of Skimmr's \-------------------------------- WHAT WILL SET YOU UP FOR SUCCESS \-------------------------------- A minimum of four years experience in modern web programming at scale Proficiency with ETL development Experience gathering data from disparate sources and building data pipelines among systems Experience with data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques Smarts, humility, and comfort being resourceful in a fast-paced environment Strong analytical and communication skills \------------------------ WHAT WOULD SET YOU APART \------------------------ Familiarity and enthusiasm for theSkimm: passion for our audience and mission Familiarity building systems that leverage AWS storage and database services Experience administering and tuning distributed databases like Redshift Proficiency with task processing tools such as Airflow or Luigi \------------- WHAT WE OFFER \------------- Medical, Dental, Vision, Life & Disability Insurances, starting on your first day! Competitive salary & equity packages alongside annual performance reviews aimed at rewarding and recognizing our diverse talents A flexible vacation policy and generous holiday observances 'MassMutual' 401(k) program Free 'One Medical' Membership Free 'Headspace' Membership Subsidized family planning and fertility benefits through 'Carrot Fertility' Up to $400 in annual gym-membership reimbursement Collaborative office space with a mix of snacks, seltzer, caffeine and a pretty sweet roof deck Catered meals and drinks during our weekly "Sip’n Skimm" all-hands meeting and twice-monthly "Skimm'e A Drink!" happy hour The opportunity to be part of a friendly, hardworking and diverse group of people building a membership company that makes it easier to live smarter. This is a full-time role based in New York, NY