Business Analysts are responsible for eliciting, defining and documenting business processes and requirements for clients across a wide array of different industries. They are responsible for aligning the designed and delivered solutions with the needs of stakeholders. Business Analysts are expected to rapidly build domain knowledge, evaluate symptoms and identify root causes, facilitate workshops, and explain findings to clients with a wide range of technical and business awareness. Responsibilities Business Analysis (90%) Elicit requirements and critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user and client requests from the underlying true needs. Requirements Lifecycle Management including tracing, maintaining, prioritizing, and assessing requirements; approving requirements with stakeholders. Strategy Analysis including analyzing current state, defining future state, assessing risk, and defining a change strategy. Requirements Analysis and Design Definition including specify and model requirements, verify, validate, define requirements architecture; define solution options, and analyze potential value and recommended solutions. Use requirements to drive the design or review of test cases, process change requests, and manage the scope of a project’s elicited requirements, acceptance, installation and deployment. Identify and present opportunities to improve a client’s business or development processes Work closely with stakeholders to lead them through the business analysis process, help them adopt new processes and procedures and to educate them on business process best practices. Collaborate with UX designers to interpret customer needs and translate them into business and functional requirements. Collaborate with software engineers to ensure what was defined is what gets developed, tested, and delivered in the most efficient way possible. Foster long term relationships to ensure project success. Sales Support - (10%) Accompany Client Partners, Business Development Managers, and Delivery Leads with new or existing clients to define and confirm client needs. Identify and document the business needs and ensure that the proposed solution adds value to the client. Skills/Experience Superior verbal and written communication skills. A professional with 5+ years of experience in your primary discipline and demonstrated excellence in your current/previous field. Be a clever problem solver with the ability to think on your feet when needed. Knows and understands Project Methodology processes and deliverables, including the development life cycle and change control processes. Work collaboratively with team members and with clients. Able to thrive in a fast-paced, self-directed work environment. Able to quickly understand high-level customer needs and identify pre-requisite and adjacent tasks, features, and requirements. Able to tailor communications to fit the audience and situation and ensure that the correct understanding is conveyed. A thorough understanding of the difference between and how to use business requirements, stakeholder requirements, solution requirements (functional and nonfunctional), and transition requirements Familiarity with the Business Analysis Book of Knowledge including the 6 knowledge areas and their related tasks, inputs, outputs, and elements: Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring. Requirements Elicitation. Requirements Management and Communication. Enterprise Analysis. Requirements Analysis. Solution Assessment and Validation. Bonus: Thorough understanding of business processes including Asset Management, Customer Service, Material Planning, Human Capital Management, Procurement, Production, Fulfillment, Financial Accounting, Management Accounting, and Inventory and Warehouse Management Bonus: Strong analytical experience, either qualitative or quantitative (or both). Bonus: Experience working with Fortune 100/500/1000 companies. Education Bachelor’s degree in an applicable field, or equivalent work experience. Bonus: Postgraduate education and/or certifications Bonus: PMI-PBA, ECBA, CCBA, or CBAP Certification