As a successful family-owned company on a path to global growth, the Brose Group offers challenging responsibilities and exciting career opportunities to performance-driven, skilled specialists with solid professional knowledge and proven career expertise who wish to contribute to our company’s success. Your Job Specification Utilizing customer databases, the Warranty Engineer is responsible for pulling monthly warranty charts Investigate technician comments in the claim data to further our knowledge of warranty issues Call or visit dealerships, if necessary Bench test warranty parts returned from the customer and, if necessary, send to lab for further analysis Document into database the warranty information and root cause of parts returned from customer Your Profile Bachelor's degree in Mechanical/Automotive/Manufacturing/Electrical/Quality Engineering from four-year college or university or equivalent experience and/or training Related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience Minimum three years of warranty-related experience in the automotive industry Brose offers a high-tech work environment and a wide range of benefits. Along with competitive performance-based compensation and health insurance, our employees also benefit from attractive social and family-oriented programs throughout our North American locations. Our benefits packages include comprehensive medical, insurance and retirement plans. Brose also provides educational assistance and a variety of community outreach, family, and sporting events. Flexible working hours and a collaborative work environment give our employees the freedom to balance work and personal life. Brose believes in investing in people. We offer a wide range of development programs with great opportunity for individual growth through training, international or regional assignments and tailored career paths. Our objective is to provide our employees the tools necessary to live a balanced life, experience a rewarding work environment and contribute to our surrounding communities. Benefits package may vary slightly per location Please send us your application using our online form.