Who We Are From day one with the Quicken Loans Family of Companies, you’ll engage in meaningful work. Not only will you be a key part in reshaping the fintech industry, but you’ll also have opportunities to impact the communities in which we work and play. As part of a team, you will build connections, pitch ideas and take on challenging projects that will help you grow both personally and professionally. A few things you can expect from a Quicken Loans Family of Companies internship: Gaining hands-on professional experience Participating in intern-exclusive events Volunteering in community service projects Are you ready to take on your next big challenge? If so, apply and see how you can join our family today! Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more What You'll Do/Need The Data and Special Projects Intern will work with the Marketing team to perform data and trend analysis for the Quicken Loans Zing Blog. Responsibilities Create and run daily production reports and execute on a variety of special projects Perform metric analysis, including data and trend analysis for the Zing Blog Create process improvements and make recommendations based on data Assist with revenue generating initiatives, including interstitials and website optimization Work with team members and external stakeholders and vendors to research and communicate effective ways to promote the Zing Blog Work with members of the Social Media, Content, Editing, SEO and Content Strategy teams to brainstorm, optimize, deliver and promote multimedia content Requirements Advanced Microsoft Excel skills, including PivotTable and VLOOKUP Analytical mindset Strong attention to detail and high sense of urgency Excellent listening, organizational and communication skills Ability to perform well in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Ability to multitask and juggle several responsibilities while maintaining a positive, enthusiastic attitude Desire to learn and expand What’ll Make You Special Experience with statistics Detail-oriented mindset Blog writing skills Interest in marketing and testing concepts Solution-oriented mindset What You'll Get Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._