Overview General Summary of Position Responsibility: Coordinates the non-clinical functions of the unit and performs clerical duties utilizing resources available. Actively supports the Hospital’s and the department’s quality goals and service excellence principles. Essential Job Functions: Serves as greeter for the unit and checks in visitors per the visitor restriction protocol. Provides secretarial support to the unit including answering phones, taking messages and/or routing calls to the appropriate individual/department, receiving patient/family requests and referring to appropriate person for follow up. Maintains nursing call/page system including setting up, distributing, collecting and tracking nurse phones. Ensures daily patient census is accurate, in real-time while also focusing on accurate attending/service, pending discharge, estimated length of stay, isolation, and level of care. Manages admission, discharge, and transfer process in the electronic medical record (EMR) while paging correct on-call physician. Assists in maintaining unit statistics and patient charges. Accurately input patient pump charges. Manages the flow of the patient’s medical record including routing & storage of paper medical records, maintaining paper charts in hospital approved chart order, maintaining Health Information Management (HIM) label process for scanning paper forms into patient medical record, and completing a check of the patient’s paper medical record after discharge to ensure completeness. Receives and responds to patient/family requests in a timely manner. Refers to appropriate person for follow-up if necessary. Monitors unit computers, fax, printers, and copier to assure continuous availability of working equipment. Prepares & stocks various documents/packets/forms required by inpatient units for operations. Monitors office supply inventory to ensure proper amounts are stocked on inpatient units. Assigns username and passcode to patients or guardian for MyChart. Keeps the volunteer checklist updated daily. Maintains visitor binder daily by pro-actively having the parent or legal guardian complete forms. Changes level of care for patients in the Electronic Medical Record (EMR) as noted by the case manager each day. Keeps the consent binder updated by verifying that the correct forms have been received, scanned and/or signed by parents and by HIM. Reports environmental needs to facilities or EVS for maintenance, cleanliness and repairs. Monitors visitor access during resuscitation and contacts Child Life, Social Workers, and Chaplin’s to support families. Successfully completes report to the next Unit Secretary. Responsibilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: High school diploma or equivalent required. 1 year of previous general office experience preferred. Provides excellent communication and customer service to all individuals whether on the phone or on the unit by maintaining core competencies of innovation, teamwork, and service Knowledge of Electronic Medical Record preferred. Microsoft Office knowledge preferred i.e., Outlook Ability to prioritize needs of the unit under busy conditions without supervision.