Upload the following in a combined document when the system requests you to upload a resume. A resume is required in order to apply. A letter of interest is required in order to apply. A list of 3 professional references is required in order to apply. In order to be considered, applicants must uploaded required materials in a combined document and completed all sections in their on-line application. Purpose of Position Responsible for assessing information risk and facilitates remediation of identified vulnerabilities for IT security and IT risk across the UT System. Assesses information risk and facilitates remediation of identified vulnerabilities with the UT network, systems and applications. Reports on findings and recommendations for corrective action. Performs assessments of the IT security/risk posture within the UT and UT Institution networks, systems and software applications, in addition to assessments within the Third Party Vendor Management Program of UT system and UT Institutions. Identifies opportunities to reduce risk and documents remediation options regarding acceptance or mitigation of risk scenarios. Essential Functions Promote awareness of applicable regulatory standards, upstream risks and industry best practices across UT system. Stay knowledgeable of current advances in all areas of information technology concerning vulnerabilities, security breaches or malicious attacks; Works directly with the UT System departments and UT institutions, third parties and other internal departments and organizations to facilitate information security risk analysis and risk management processes and to identify acceptable levels of residual risk Assesses potential items of risk and opportunities of vulnerability in the network and on information technology infrastructure and applications. Participates in the development and maintenance of a global risk framework (a single view of the UT system risk profiles and tolerance.) Reviews risk assessments, analyzes the effectiveness of information security control activities, and reports on them with actionable recommendations. Evaluates security risks and identifies and defines compliance strategies in accordance with policies and standards. Provides information security management with risk assessments and security briefings to advise them of critical issues that may affect customer, or information security objectives. Communicates with multiple departments and levels of management in order to resolve technical and procedural information security risks. Develops remediation strategies to mitigate risks associated with the protection of infrastructure and information assets. Captures, maintains, and monitors information security risk in one repository. Serves as a subject matter expert (SME) for performing vendor risk assessments to improve overall UT Institutions Third Party Vendor Management programs. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree, Information Systems, Computer Science, Information Security or related field required. 4+ years IT security or information security experience with a proven ability to engage with Senior Management. Preferred Qualifications 4+ years’ experience conducting IT compliance assessments 4+ years’ experience in administering IT security controls in an organization. Knowledge of quantitative and qualitative risk evaluation methods, including information security control frameworks such as NIST, ISO, and COBIT. Proven experience with control monitoring principles and practices. Prior experience performing security reviews and risk assessments preferred. Experience with automated GRC tools (e.g., RSA Archer) is a plus. Knowledge of technical infrastructure, networks, databases and systems in relation to IT Security and IT Risk. Security-related certifications a plus – CRISC, CISSP, CISM, etc. Prior experience working within Higher Education organization preferred. Ability to work on several tasks simultaneously and pay attention to sources of information from inside and outside to make appropriate assessments and decisions . Working Conditions May work around standard office conditions. Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation. Additional Information The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. Complete all sections on the application, including highest level of education, college degrees (if applicable), references and all questions on the application questionnaire. If you are applying for the first time make sure to complete all biographical information including address, email and phone. You may update this at any time by selecting to edit your profile in the application. Security sensitive; conviction verification conducted on applicant selected. EO/AA Statement The University of Texas System Administration is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or sexual orientation. Reasonable disability accommodation may be requested by contacting the Office of Human Resources.