Interviews end-users to understand information needs and develops conceptual and logical data models to support building of the data warehouse and delivery of business intelligence solutions. Assists with ETL design and development including data analysis, source-target mapping, quality profiling, change data capture, program performance. Assists with the design and development of information delivery components including dashboards, reports, and OLAP cubes. Documents all programming changes and design, system modifications and their associated maintenance to all required applications. Reviews, analyzes and modifies programming systems including coding, testing, debugging and installing to support business intelligence applications. Supports or leads installation and integration of software applications. Provides ongoing support and maintenance for programming systems as needed. Works with end- users to ensure business intelligence solutions meet expectations and provide training and support. Communicates effectively with end users, at all levels of the organization. Supports system installations and integration; interacts effectively with vendors and other technical specialists. Collaborates with Business Intelligence members, technical services, Help Desk and other IS/Analytics team members to implement systems solutions. Maintains knowledge of current trends and development in the field. Actively explores emerging technologies. Performs other duties and functions as assigned. AA/EOE. Required: A minimum of 5 years of experience, including 3 years of healthcare analytics experience. Bachelor's Degree in Healthcare Management, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, or Business. Minimum of 3 years IT experience in business intelligence development across a variety of applications (OLTP, OLAP and DSS). Minimum of 3 years of experience developing, designing and supporting relational databases (ie SQL Server). Minimum of 3 years of experience with report writing and data visualization tools such as: Tableau,Crystal Reports, Xcelsius, SSRS, etc. Minimum of 3 years of experience in all areas of software development including analysis, design, development and support with particular emphasis on structured programming. Knowledge of web services and tools in a Windows environment. Strong relational database skills including advanced SQL knowledge and the ability to create complex queries and stored procedures. Understanding of data warehouse and business intelligence design principles and industry practices including relational and dimensional modeling, OLAP, ETL methods and data visualization. Experience working with a variety of data warehousing models and design fundamentals (i.e. Kimball, Inman) Preferred: Master Degree in Information Management, Healthcare Informatics, Computer Science, Business Administration, Statistics or related field. Working knowledge of SqlServer DBMS, SSIS, SSAS and XML data sources. Experience developing data warehouses in a Healthcare environment.