Job Summary and Mission This job contributes to Starbucks success by developing cost effective information technology solutions by creating new and modifying existing software applications. Analyzes system requirements and existing business processes and information systems. Assists in systems planning, scheduling and implementation. Collaborates with project team to keep project on schedule. Creates prototypes. Codes, tests, debugs, documents, and implements moderate to complex software applications. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks Guiding Principles. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Assists in systems planning, scheduling and implementation. Collaborates with project team to keep project on schedule. Contributes to software development standards. Participates in requirements gathering and functional specification activities. Analyzes business needs and translates business requirements and functional designs into technical designs. Assists with development of functional designs and resolves more complex design issues. Performs cross-training and facilitates information sharing among team members. Resolves and helps mitigate production application issues. Works with other business and technical teams to support resolution of end-user inquiries. Contributes to the documentation of production support processes. May anticipate long term support issues and plans for corrective actions. Under general guidance, designs, develops, implements, documents, and tests changes to existing application programs. Codes, tests, debugs, documents, and implements moderate to complex software applications. Creates prototypes, ensures deliverables are high quality and meet user expectations. Supports system and integration testing activities. Adheres to software development standards. May initiate design reviews for new application subsystem modules. Summary of Experience Developing, maintaining and supporting systems and applications on a System i platform in a retail environment (4 years) Systems analysis and programming experience in retail accounting, SKU management and retail reporting systems (4 years) Analyzing, diagnosing and proposing solutions to user problems (4 years) Working with process owners and identifying information technology solutions that enable business process improvements (2 years) Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Strong interpersonal skills Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong organizational skills Knowledge of basic project management framework and methodology Ability to quickly learn new application systems, technologies and business processes Familiarity with software design methodology Ability to accurately estimate design and development timelines for application components Strong proficiency in programming languages: RPGLE, RPGSQL, RPG/400, RPG III, SQL, CL, DDS Knowledge of EZVIEW, Implementer, Hawkeye and DB2 preferred Basic knowledge of UNIX _Starbucks is an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals; including minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Starbucks will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all federal, state, and local ordinances._