Overview Come join Intuit as a Senior Web Analyst on the Intuit Brand Team. We are looking for creative problem solvers with a passion to deliver data-driven insights. This position works alongside analysts, business stakeholders and data partners to deliver quality data for customer insights and recommendations. We have an exciting opportunity on a team that is defining how we use analytics to develop insights that transform customer experiences and accelerate business growth. We are looking for a creative data-driven leader with excellent analytical skills and web analytics experience. Responsibilities Partner with global marketing team and engineering to deliver insight and understanding of customer behavior on Intuit.com Develop analytical frameworks to support the team in ongoing evaluation and testing Study website clickstream data to develop hypotheses, identify A/B and multivariate testing opportunities and report on tests. Create dashboards and self-service reports by pulling data from numerous sources and present them to management team Form partnerships with multiple cross-functional teams and business units in order to define problem statements, collect data, query information and make recommendations Apply statistics-based intelligence to business issues and formulates recommendations Set tracking requirements and work closely with product and engineering teams to improve tracking and data quality Create visualizations and present clear, concise and actionable insights to the marketing teams, lead discussions on analytics and interpretation of results Qualifications 5+ years web analytics and data analysis experience Advanced SQL skills to perform data segmentation and aggregation from scratch. Experience with Hive preferred Expert knowledge of Tableau, Micro strategy, or equivalent data visualization solutions Experience working with granular clickstream (cookie/event level) web data to analyze traffic, page navigation Experience using website testing tools for setup and evaluation (e.g. Optimizely, SiteSpect) Understanding of complex web ecosystems, best practices, and ability to put this knowledge into action Proficiency in web analytics applications, strong database skills and technical understanding of website architecture Familiarity with programming languages and stats packages (e.g. python, R) Outstanding communication skills with the ability to influence decision makers and build consensus with teams Entrepreneurial spirit and passion for Big Data Undergrad Degree in Quantitative Field. Masters preferred