Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 200 company established in 1905. PACCAR is a global industry leader in the design and manufacture of premium quality commercial vehicles and engines. PACCAR commercial vehicles are sold worldwide under the Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF nameplates. PACCAR distributes aftermarket truck parts to its dealers through a worldwide network of Parts Distribution Centers. Finance and leasing subsidiaries facilitate the sale of PACCAR products in many countries worldwide. PACCAR manufactures and markets industrial winches under the Braden, Carco and Gearmatic nameplates. PACCAR maintains exceptionally high standards of quality for all of its products; they are well engineered, highly customized for specific applications and sell in the premium segments of their markets where they have a reputation for superior performance and pride of ownership. Division Information Dynacraft, a PACCAR Company, is headquarted in Algona, WA. Dynacraft is a diversified global manufacturer of commercial vehicle parts and components sold under the Kenworth and Peterbilt brands. For more than forty years, Dynacraft has provided the company's truck divisions and PACCAR Parts distribution centers with high quality components, subassemblies, and specialized services. Dynacraft has production facilities in Algona, WA, Louisville, KY and Plano, TX. Requisition Summary Contribute knowledge and expertise of SAP to business process design. Provide analytical data support to improve and enhance current SAP activities and processes. Enter and maintain master data in SAP system to support new business and changes to existing business as needed. This position reports to the Master Data Manager and requires strong analytical, organizational, and communication skills. Job Functions / Responsibilities Interact with personnel from all areas of the business to support troubleshooting and problem solving related to SAP data and application support of business processes Complete master data requests in line with service level agreements and respond to queries in a timely fashion. Provides problem-solving support, advice and guidance to internal customers which is professional, responsive, and drives initiatives to completion. Understands the impact of master data within the organization and systems for applicable data domains. Propose process efficiency improvements in execution of work, automation opportunity, and team processes. Qualifications Previous experience with SAP as a key user or master data maintenance role Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, well organized, flexible and able to multi-task Ability to work independently and accomplish goals with minimum supervision Strong computer skills and proficient with Microsoft toolset. Excellent quality of work with attention to detail and accuracy. Knowledgeable in Winshuttle workflow, forms and scripting, desired. Education Bachelor's Degree in business or other related fields strongly desired Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.