Delivers quality evaluation scores for specific processing lines of business. Collects and evaluates quality samples on work processed to determine accuracy of documents such as policies and invoices and accuracy of financial elements such as premiums booked or payments processed. Fulfills audit requirements. Designs and implements quality evaluation programs for specific processing teams. Applies proven quality methodology and statistical validation. Evaluates quality and accuracy of policies and endorsements produced and premium amounts booked, or accuracy of other critical financial elements.Develops specific evaluation criteria for a line of business to capture and track the accuracy of customer facing or money-bearing transactions and monitors and updates criteria as needed.Collects and evaluates quality samples against criteria. Generates quality data for a line of business to fulfill relevant audit requirements.Provides monthly feedback to account technicians on individual scores. Coaches on deficiencies and provides performance data to Leadership for performance management.Tracks quality trends and alerts leadership to quality gaps and risks. Performs spot analysis and audits as needed. Works with business partners across the lines of business to resolve processing differences.Generates monthly and year end quality scores for individual ranking and performance assessment which partially determine individual bonus and rewards eligibility.Partners with leadership to provide training and support for new employees and those account technicians learning new skills and/or lines of business. Partners with the business to develop and maintain job aids and training documentation. 3 to 5 years of insurance operations experience or related experience;Ability to develop and maintain working relationships with account technicians and IOC leadership;CIS experience required;CUBE knowledge a plus;Familiarity with processing systems desired;Ability to objectively apply evaluation criteria and effectively deliver feedback;Ability to analyze job functions, processing transactions and system elements to identify key evaluation criteria;Ability to effectively provide coaching and training support;Ability to manage monthly sample volume deadlines with minimal supervision; Ability to work effectively with clients at all levels;Strong verbal and written communication skills; andProject management or change management capability. Would consider qualified remote employees.