Give your career the best treatment. Ready to be part of the first and largest pediatric hospital in Southern California? This is Children's Hospital Los Angeles. A place where you can make a real difference in the lives of our patients and their families. A big responsibility? Absolutely. But if you’re up for the challenge, we’re on the lookout for amazing professionals to join our elite teams – talented individuals who can continue our high level of care. The Quality Improvement Coordinator I, is responsible for leading quality/performance improvement initiatives impacting core clinical processes and patient care functions. With others in the Quality Improvement department, works collaboratively with managers and physicians to identify and enhance clinical issues that produce quantitative and qualitative results for internal and external customers. Performance outcome deliverables include but are not limited to quality, safety and process improvement. Provides support to the Chief Medical Quality Officer Improvement, the Director of Quality Improvement and the Manager of Quality Improvement for quality and safety projects and initiatives and supports the hospitals benchmarking efforts. Performs day-to- day Quality Improvement Activities in accordance with accreditation standards, regulatory requirements, and organizational performance improvement. Supports the Quality and Safety Dashboard, and develops audit tools. Presents to various groups such as Medical Staff Committees, subcommittees of the Board of Trustees and Patient Care Services Committees. Minimum Education: Bachelors degree in health care or related field; Master's Preferred. Minimum Experience: 1-2 years of related work experience, combination of work experience in a hospital and data analysis experience. Experience working with physicians and other health care professionals License, Registration or Certification Required: CQHP Preferred. Willingness to become CQPH certified over time. Skills Required: Excellent interpersonal skills, and ability to teach. Some working knowledge of project management, data analysis, reporting, quality improvement skills, knowledge of PI. Ability to lead inter-disciplinary work groups with professionalism.