Job Summary and Mission This position contributes to Starbucks success by managing a portion of the IT portfolio and by leading high performing, cross- functional work teams on Global Technology program planning and project delivery. As a program manager, you will focus on the overall success of IT program you manage by driving program planning efforts and leading projects ranging from basic to complex enterprise implementations and upgrades. This role operates at tactical level and requires close partnership with IT and business stakeholders, collaboration on program planning, project planning and execution, and project delivery. We are looking for program manager for Operational Readiness to be a partner and liaison for our cross-functional Starbucks Technology teams in planning and preparing to operationally support new and changed applications and technology services seamlessly and efficiently in a timely manner, and to create processes that allow the business to continue to run without slowing it down. This position will work with internal and external stakeholders across IT and business teams, advising the best strategy for smooth rollout of changes impacting the wider Technical Operations teams, including Service Desk, Operations Command Center, and other technical support teams. We are seeking a resilient self-starter who is eager to learn, collaborative and a proven team player. We value people who can strategically drive initiatives keeping the big picture in mind, and still caring for details affecting people, process and technology support needs globally. We're targeting an intellectually curious and creative individual who is comfortable operating in ambiguity — a strategic thinker with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Oversees tactical planning and day-to-day management of Operational Readiness program. Collaborates with IT and business leadership on annual strategic planning for the program. In partnership with the program portfolio manager, engages stakeholders on project ideation and assists in the creation of business cases and return on investment assessments. Develops a deep understanding of projects within the program and the broader IT portfolio; manages assigned projects with a clear understanding of business and IT context, and develops a deep understanding of cross-program portfolio synergies and dependencies. Ensures alignment of proposed projects with the program roadmap and its goals, and manages project planning and execution accordingly. Drives complex, cross-functional enterprise projects, leading multiple efforts within a specific program simultaneously, with complexity as a limiting factor. Influences high performing, cross-functional, often globally distributed teams. Works independently, without the need for day-to-day guidance. Serves as a project manager for initiatives within the program. Performs core project management duties, including guiding the project through formal approval and funding gates; developing a project plan that includes a detailed budget, project timeline, detailed task-driven schedule, project RACI and resource plan, and communication plan; and managing project execution from analysis/design through build, test, and deployment. When leading an Agile project, partners closely with the scrum master and product owner on all activities. Ensures that program and project status reports and quarterly updates are relevant, transparent, and add value. Partners with relevant IT and business hiring managers to ensure that the project has the skillsets and the resources required for delivery. Summary of Experience Experience as a senior project manager in technology or in a software development setting (3+ years) Experience working in technology operations setting (5+ years) Experience working within Service Management framework such as ITIL (5+ years) Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Minimum of 3 years’ experience as a senior project manager in IT or a software development setting; must have at least 5 years overall experience working in IT or a software development setting. Experience using Agile methods and working on complex, integrated platforms required. Bachelor’s Degree preferred or equivalent experience. ITIL certification is a plus. Ability to apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities Leadership and Communication: Leads by example – with confidence, a positive attitude, patience, honesty and integrity, and a strong sense of commitment. Ability to ‘read the room’, to know what is possible and what is not, and to know how to navigate program and project engagements efficiently and effectively. Ability to engage in difficult conversations that result in positive, actionable outcomes. Ability to navigate complex and diverse landscapes effectively. Seeks and provides honest, transparent feedback. Ability to build and lead high-performing project teams. Ability to set expectations and hold individuals and team members accountable to their commitments. Drives decision-making that favors compromise and alignment over consensus-building. Good facilitation skills; ability to adapt approach to different types of engagements. Good written and verbal communication. Acumen and Learning Agility: Deep understanding of technology program and portfolio management practices. Expert-level knowledge of standards and practices for technology project lifecycle management activities and deliverables. Clear understanding of project technical activities, including: (1) solution analysis and design; (2) enterprise, solution, and infrastructure architecture; (3) systems integration; (4) data conversion and migration; (5) environment management and build processes; and (6) deployment planning and execution. Experience in MS Project (Project Server) and at least one program portfolio management tool, such as MS Project Portfolio Management (PPM). Advanced skills in the MS Office Product Suite, particularly Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. _All Starbucks Job Descriptions are confidential and proprietary, and are to be handled in accordance with the Starbucks Standards of Business Conduct. Accordingly, job descriptions cannot be shared with individuals outside of the company without the written permission of a partner resources vice president or higher._