Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Wholesale Technology is seeking a Lead Developer that will focus on the recently acquired Wells Fargo Equipment Finance Customer Self-service platform. The selected candidate will play a critical role in defining, designing, and implementing applications in the Wells Fargo environment. This role will also help with long term technology strategy and will work closely with our business and technology partners in various Lines of Business throughout Wells Fargo. This role requires a proven technical skills set that has been demonstrated in the development of Business application (Java/JEE) and their integration into enterprise systems. Must provide individual and project support for complex projects or applications, adhere to project timelines and technical deliverables within different client environment. The ideal candidate will possess a background in application development, enterprise integration and/or service oriented architecture on Java/JEE platforms. The selected engineer must be comfortable in communicating directly with business customers and members of the larger IT organization while analyzing requirements, creating UML diagrams and object oriented / Domain Driven designs. The individual will be responsible for assuring the following of application architecture and development standards. The candidate must have hands-on experience in application development and maintenance, technology strategy and have the ability to bring innovative yet practical ideas to the organization. The person must be capable of mentoring and overseeing junior developers. Candidate should be able to demonstrate the ability to apply core development principles, practices, and procedures to multiple applications. Other duties will include: Analyze business and technical requirements to determine system design, potential issues, and, impact analysis for each project Lead projects, allocates and manages resources and manages the work of less experienced developers Provide expertise about standard practices on coding standards Assure quality, security and compliance requirements are met for the developed applications Review Requirements Documents and develop implementation strategies that preserve the availability, performance, integrity, stability, and scalability of systems Produce architecture and design documents to effectively communicate the solution to the business and provide direction for the development teams and infrastructure partners Work with business and technology partners to prevent or solve difficult availability and performance problems Interact with internal and external technical leaders to develop innovative solutions that meet business needs Research new innovative tools and technologies and lead proof-of-concepts to drive adoption Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience 7+ years of JavaEE experience 4+ years of UI (User Interface) experience Desired Qualifications Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications Ability to effectively communicate with technical and business users to lead and facilitate design sessions, code reviews, application builds and unit testing with development team 3+ years of RESTful or SOAP web services 3+ years of experience with Spring (MVC, security, boot) 3+ years of modern JavaScript framework development experience using ReactJS, Angular 2/4/6, or VueJS 3+ years using NPM or Yarn Knowledge of Webpack is desired 2+ years Responsive Design experience 2+ years of experience in production support for a web intranet application including troubleshooting and fixing production defects 3+ years experience with CI/CD concepts in a cloud environment is helpful Proven experience in using JDBC and PL/SQL queries in Java with Oracle databases Knowledge of secure file transfer methods such as NDM or FTP, Informatica, Batch job scheduling via Autosys Knowledge on troubleshooting Unix scripts Excellent communication skills Knowledge/experience of implementing ADA-compliance is desired but not required Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related discipline Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.