Duties require initiative, organizational skills, written and telephone communication skills, and basic computer. Duties involve patient scheduling, developing new charts, filing, tracking, and closing out of charts, data collection for daily statistics, access tracking and assisting with surveys. Essential tasks also include assisting the rehabilitation professional with patient set-ups for treatment. High school diploma or equivalent, 6 months experience in a customer service job, rehab aide job or reception/business office. Preferred: graduate of VoTech program for clerical positions, knowledge or medical terminology and current enrollment in an allied health program. Additional Information We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. The Organization At Park Nicollet you're part of something bigger. We're a member of the HealthPartners organization, an award-winning integrated health care system comprised of several organizations. HealthPartners includes a team of 21,000 people dedicated to making a difference for our members, patients and the community. Whether you want to work in direct patient care, or support those who do, you will find a vast variety of job opportunities. Here, your contributions help to improve lives and impact health care for the better. If you want to make a difference, we want you on our team. Park Nicollet Mission, Vision and Values Mission: Our mission is to improve health and well-being in partnership with our members, patients and community. Vision: Health as it could be, affordability as it must be, through relationships built on trust. Values: Excellence We strive for the best results and always look for ways to improve. Compassion We care and show empathy and respect for each person. Partnership We are strongest when we work together and with those we serve. Integrity We are open and honest, and we keep our commitments. What makes us unique?