PeerStreet is an award-winning, Andreessen-Horowitz backed, platform focused on democratizing access to real estate debt. What we’re working on at PeerStreet will ultimately change mortgage finance! PeerStreet is a leading online platform for investing in real estate backed loans (www.PeerStreet.com). PeerStreet is strongly data-driven. Data is the foundation of our operational processes, ranging from loan underwriting, lender acquisition, loan servicing, to product decision making. Having access to high quality data, internal and external, allows us to continuously optimize our operations and maintain great insights into how we can continue to improve product on both sides of the marketplace. We are looking for a talented data analyst with a strong technical background and one who is passionate about developing elegant and impactful solutions to data reporting problems and creating an environment that allows users to dive deep into financial and user data with cutting-edge analytics and data insights. Your day-to-day will involve close collaboration with Engineering, Product, and Business organizations Responsibilities: Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to uncover unique actionable insights about how we can scale business operations and product insights Partner with product managers, engineers and business stakeholders to become a source data expert Identify methods to leverage PeerStreet data sets to validate business operation and product hypotheses Develop and maintain high quality, easy to maintain recurring dashboards & reports for internal and external stakeholders Run ad hoc analyses to answer specific day to day questions or support larger initiatives Evangelize our data internally and teach reporting skills to other members of the organization Basic Qualifications: MUST be very proficient with SQL Experience in applied statistical analysis Experience using Python or R for analysis Bachelor’s Degree or greater (technical or science degree preferred). 2+ years of experience reporting on large and complex data sets. Solid understanding on RDBMS and data modeling for scalability and performance. Experiencing communicating results and analyses to technical and non-technical audiences Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship. Bonus Points: Experience with BI systems (Periscope, Tableau, etc) Experience with data visualization Experience with dimensional modeling Experience with data ETLs Experience or deep knowledge in Real Estate & Finance We offer a competitive salary & equity, medical, flexible vacation and an awesome team.