The Risk and Compliance Analyst will be an innovative, self-driven team player who will be able to educate, provide guidance, and help drive a risk appreciation for information security and compliance throughout the company. This individual is a business partner and enabler who is seen as a trusted adviser and partner for various departments (Legal, Finance, Internal Audit, IT, Business Units, etc.) and teams. Responsibilities Provide support to the governance risk and compliance management program to achieve certifications such as ISO 27001/27002, HiTRUST, NIST, PCI-DSS and others as appropriate Conduct security risk assessments across the organization, rank security risks, articulate risk in terms of business impact, and suggest reasonable strategies to mitigate risks. Liaise closely with j2 Global Internal Audit team, business leaders, external auditors and customers. Conduct acquisition target and vendor security risk assessments, provide risk based recommendations to the organization, and evaluate the company’s risk posture. Serves as a company representative with prospects, customers, and partners by assisting with completing security questionnaires, assessments and audits Provide Information Security consulting and security awareness education to the business Develop, maintain, and enforce strong information security policies, procedures, and position papers Requirements 1 to 2+ years in IT Systems/Information Assurance experience with a Bachelors preferred. Demonstrated experience working with regulatory requirements and standards (PCI-DSS, SOC, HIPAA, ISO, BSI, GDPR etc.) and frameworks (ISO, NIST, OWASP, etc.). The ability to communicate complex security risks to non-technical staff Strong work ethic, attention to detail, and organizational skills Ability to multi-task and manage priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to collaborate in a team setting, as well as work independently Relevant certification(s) are preferred (e.g. CRISC CISSP, CISM, CISA, CCSK) Big-4/Consulting experience is preferred Experience with on prem and Cloud environments preferred. Willingness and ability to travel domestically and internationally when needed https://ssl.gstatic.com/ui/v1/icons/mail/images/cleardot.gif" />