Overview _Discover the difference. Discover Home._ That isn’t just our company’s tagline but the words we live by each and every day we go to work. _Discover the difference._ Come join the Home Team and discover what it’s like to work for a company that offers a quality product you can believe in, a group of employees who share a passion for customer service, and the chance to learn and grow. We can offer you the opportunity to dream big, grow your career, make a difference, do the right thing and be rewarded. We currently have an opportunity for a Leasing Consultant at Hill Brook Place Apartments, a 274 unit apartment community located in Bensalem, Pa. The Leasing Consultant is the face of Home Properties, often the first point of contact for prospective residents. This position allows you to build relationships with prospective residents and show them why they should select Home Properties as their home. Successful Leasing Consultants have come from retail, customer service and hospitality backgrounds. Responsibilities As a Leasing Consultant , you will: Show apartments and answer prospective residents’ questions Proactively manage sales, outreach and lead generation, converting leads into sales. This includes interacting with neighborhood groups and community organizations Provide a professional, positive and engaging experience for prospects while touring the apartment homes and community Assist in the preparation of marketing material to include newsletters, market surveys and resident activities Process apartment applications and lease renewals, accurately completing all related paperwork Work with the maintenance department to ensure apartment turnovers are completed in a timely manner Qualifications Previous customer service experience is required; leasing and/or sales experience preferred Must have excellent written and verbal communications skills Ability to quickly develop rapport with prospective residents Must be a motivated self-starter with the ability to work well in a team setting Previous knowledge of MRI property management software is preferred _Discover Home._ It’s no secret that for most of us, we spend more time at work than we do at home. This is the exact reason why we do our best every day to create a friendly environment where you can come to work hard and be a part of the Home Team. Home Properties offers a wide range of benefits, sharing the costs with employees for some benefits, while it pays 100% of the cost for many others. Our comprehensive benefits package includes: Medical, Vision, Prescription, and Dental insurance, and other benefits that include Disability and Life Insurance Vacation Time & Holidays Paid Time Off Bonus Incentives 401(k) with Employer Match Apartment Discount _Join the Home Team and work with an extraordinary company our employees are proud to call Home_