This position will be heavily involved in significant advancements associated with the Data Center and Enterprise systems of record. Additional responsibilities may include maintaining, monitoring and coordinating system updates, improvements and reporting across services work streams. Job Description Job Description / Responsibilities Provide large scale project support including analysis, data, issue resolution, remediation and solutioning Assist in the implementation and usage of software applications by strongly supporting the internal data entry / logical / reporting processes Support month end processes as appropriate ensuring accuracy and completion within SLA parameters / requirements Maintain, monitor and coordinate preventative maintenance, work orders, site preparation, assets, job plan, time tracking, field engineering reports, projects, expenditure (purchase requisition, purchase order, receiving, invoice, etc.) Update data / drawings / processes in multiple systems of record including Drawbase, Maximo, DSR, Workflow, Arriba, etc. to ensure representation of actuals Use CADD software and Drawbase to provide print support for routine layouts, detailed drawings, assembly drawings, sketches, as-builts and diagrams as needed Support Asset Management processes as needed Create, compile and distribute associated reporting. Support records retention compliance activities as appropriate Provide redundancy coverage for team members in Support Services workflow streams Prepare manuals, help docs and procedures for training purposes as appropriate Other duties as assigned Requirements Bachelors or Associates degree preferred from an accredited college / university or equivalent experience. Mission critical environment or facilities experience a plus Very strong analytical skills and understanding of database data entry standards and principles Demonstrated logic and critical thinking ability to learn and grasp modern technology quickly, implement out of the box solutions / improvements and break apart difficult concepts. Advanced proficiency with common office applications and industry software such as all components of the Microsoft Office Suite and Adobe. Strong interpersonal communication skills with all levels and positions Ability to provide solid customer service while exercising diplomacy Strong organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and manage time efficiently Ability to work with a diverse group of professionals in close cooperation and influence positive outcomes Ability to work in fast paced environment while focusing on goals Enthusiastic, cooperative and positive behavior Knowledge / working experience with Maximo and/or other relational databases preferred Computer networking/programing/database experience a plus. Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.