_Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) Researcher_ Company: Hitachi America, Ltd. Division: R&D; Division / Automotive Products Research Laboratory Location: Farmington Hills, MI Status: Regular, Full-Time Summary: Hitachi America, Ltd. (www.hitachi-america.us) is looking for an experienced candidate with Master’s degree or higher in Electrical Engineering to join our Automotive Research & Development team as a Researcher to contribute in the area of automotive electronics development, specifically related to design and development of power electronics components. The Researcher will work on developing automotive technologies for Hitachi's North American products with a focus on electric powertrain components and systems. Advanced methodologies such as multi-domain simulation methodology and cloud-based computing may be adopted for product design and development. The position requires the candidate to work as an individual contributor as well as a team member with strong technical and communication skills. Responsibilities: · Responsible for EM design, modeling, and analysis/optimization of automotive related electric motors. · Provide supports to develop motor test plans and execute motor testing as needed. · Review electronics, mechanics and system level designs for new product as well as providing EM supporting to existing products. · Communicate, coordinate, and consult with design/manufacturing departments and closely interact with customers and proactively support them as needed. · Stay abreast of new technology and competitive products and adopt new technology / development trends within research projects. · Organizing and participating in conferences with business units and customers to present experiment and research results. · Generate research and test reports, publish technical papers and present them at conferences. · Periodic generation of invention disclosures based on research outcome. · Attend conferences/seminars and survey market/technology trends. · Conducting competitive benchmarking and technology benchmarking research. Qualifications Master or higher degree in Electric/Electronic Engineering. Solid understanding in theory of the electromagnetic field. Good knowledge about design of electric motors and their control: IPM motor, induction motor, switch reluctance motor or synchronous motor. Hands on experience in Finite element methods using tools such as Maxwell or JMAG Candidate should be familiar with using CAD tools such as Solidworks, CATIA or Unigraphics. Candidate should be capable of writing new proposals to sustain funding for advanced research projects. Candidate should exhibit skills in time and project management. Excellent writing and communication skills will be required to report research results. Ability to make test plans and execute experiments. Ability to work in a team environment and present research outcomes. Publish technical papers and attend/present at conferences and seminars. Must be able to travel locally and internationally up to 15% of the time. EOE-Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information to accommodation@hal.hitachi.com. Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to.