What You’ll Do As a Network Engineer in our premier development program you will gain hands- on experience and the ability to earn industry-leading certifications. You will also be mentored by some of the industry’s brightest minds who will help challenge and develop your skills. Based on the business need, your skillset, and your preference, you will take one of the following routes: Network Consulting Engineer \- Develop complex designs, implement Cisco leading edge technologies worldwide and provide optimization services to the largest networks and customers in the world Customer Support Engineer \- Be a strategic partner to our customers, saving their business from the impact of network incidents, solving and preventing the recurrence of technical issues IT Engineer \- Apply leading technology to address real business problems and collaborate globally to deliver high-quality, robust and scalable software systems while learning and growing as individuals Team Description Let’s change the world together. Work directly with our customers and gain hands on experience and exposure into their networks. Be immersed in a small close-knit group of cohorts, to collaborate on a variety of projects that have a real impact. You’ll learn from industry experts. We value your ideas, perspective on how to get things done. Work on network infrastructures. Deliver business solutions and technology solutions from data, security, mobility, and the cloud. Qualifications Currently enrolled in an associates's, bachelor’s or master's degree in a technical field, such as Networking, Computer Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering, Information Technology or a similar field. Fluent in English (verbal and written) with a minimum GPA of 3.0 Passionate about networking, information technology or computer science Knowledge of adjacent technologies, holding Cisco Certifications (e.g., CCNA, CCNP) or industry recognized certifications is a plus Strong analytical and problem solving skills with ability to troubleshoot technical problems Ability to multi-task, self-start, work in a dynamic team environment and work independently Willing to tackle new challenges and develop new skills Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their own unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything - People, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco