Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Corporate Risk helps all Wells Fargo businesses identify and manage risk. We focus on three key risk areas: credit risk, operational risk and market risk. We help our management and Board of Directors identify and monitor risks that may affect multiple lines of business, and take appropriate action when business activities exceed the risk tolerance of the company. ENTERPRISE INFORMATION SECURITY: Since 1852, customers have trusted that Wells Fargo would keep their assets secure from theft and always available. Today, maintaining customer trust remains our underlying operating principle. Enterprise Information Security’s (EIS) vision is to provide Wells Fargo world leading cyber security risk management. Through a framework that addresses policy, process, operations, people, and technology, EIS protects Wells Fargo’s infrastructure, corporate data, and customer assets, and ensures alignment with applicable regulations and laws. EIS is part of Wells Fargo's Corporate Risk organization and is led by the Chief Information Security Officer. Note: The preferred work location is Charlotte, NC, but we will consider other core Wells Fargo locations as well as telecommuting. Our Enterprise Information Security team is searching for a Splunk SME to join their Security Content Development team to help identify data of security value not currently in Splunk, identify data in Splunk that is not optimized, to identify, investigate and contribute toward resolution of distributed Splunk performance concerns, and to onboard and optimize the quality and completeness of the data in Splunk for enterprise workflows and security analytics. This expert Splunk role will focus on data quality engineering, bringing host, network, distributed systems, and application logs into Splunk, identifying data improvement requirements from the source and optimizing field extractions and tags using regular expressions and applying CIM compliance. Duties include creating, improving, and delivering events of interest from both upstream security tools and big data solutions for the benefit of the Cyber Threat Fusion Center. Required Qualifications 7+ years of information security applications and systems experience 3+ years of Splunk experience 2 + years of Regular Expression (regex) experience Desired Qualifications Advanced Information Security technical skills and understanding of information security practices and policies Ability to manage complex issues and develop solutions Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience with Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) products Knowledge and understanding of data security controls including malware protection, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, content filtering, Internet proxies, encryption controls, and log management solutions 3+ years of information security experience including experience in one or more of the following security disciplines: information security monitoring, incident response, vulnerability management, host/network forensics, cyber-crime investigation, penetration testing, business continuity, or cyber threat intelligence Knowledge and understanding of Linux Knowledge and understanding of UNIX Knowledge and understanding of desktop and Windows server operating systems Knowledge and understanding of Information Security Tools Development Unix and Windows Knowledge and understanding of SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) Experience in problem analysis, solution implementation, and change management Knowledge and understanding of issues or change management processes Web application security vulnerability detection and mitigation experience Knowledge and understanding of application security planning and security architecture Knowledge and understanding of establishing or managing cyber threat management capabilities and functions Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment Experience analyzing large data sets Knowledge and understanding of banking or financial services industry Experience working in a large enterprise environment Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Ability to handle confidential material in a professional manner Ability to identify key issues, involve affected parties, design solutions, obtain buy-in, and communicate effectively through resolution Other Desired Qualifications Experience connecting security log sources, authoring alerts, and creating reports and dashboards to monitor for notable security events’ technologies Information security based reporting, metrics, analysis, and data visualization experience CISSP or equivalent certification Splunk certification Familiarization with the following Network Protocols: TCP/IP, UDP Familiarization with the following database platforms: MS SQL, Oracle, MySQL Big data service or tool experience Advanced problem solving skills, ability to develop effective long-term solutions to complex problems Programming, networking, and multiple-OS support experience YARA and Snort signature experience Fluent in scripting or querying languages utilizing WMI, SQL, VBScript, or Python Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.