The IT Support Specialist helps to oversee the local technology infrastructure to ensure seamless delivery of academic and administrative systems at the Seattle campus. This role will provide technology support (in-person, electronically, or by phone), training, and consultation to faculty, staff, students, and partners at Northeastern, including computer, audiovisual, mobility, telephony, network connectivity, and various software applications. Working with the Seattle Business Analyst and liaising with Boston-based information systems staff and local consultants, the IT Support Specialist will provide troubleshooting and new technology implementations, perform technology upgrades, manage telephone programming and repairs, and maintain and track tech inventory. The IT Support Specialist assists in managing all of the campus technology equipment and resources. In addition to individual technology for faculty and staff, the position also manages printers, copiers, digital signage, and telephony on campus. This role also maintains the online resource management system for the fleet of equipment loaned to students. The IT Support Specialist must be adept and passionate about learning new technologies and services. They must be passionate about supporting customers. To ensure that essential services are provided to the university community, the IT Support Specialist will be required to work outside his/her regular working hours and on some university holidays. Qualifications: The ideal candidate will hold a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related area and possess 2 - 4 years of experience. Experience supporting connectivity, AV, personal computers, OS X and Windows desktops and laptops in an enterprise environment. Experience with support software such as Sharepoint, and Microsoft Outlook and other Microsoft applications as well as a portfolio of software applications for both personal productivity and collaboration. ITIL, Mac, and Microsoft product certifications are a plus. A passion for providing an end user self-help experience is required. The position requires a logical and structured approach to troubleshooting and decision making with an emphasis on superior customer service. Familiarity with service desk applications and/or incident management environments desired. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills are required. A flexible schedule is a must as the work hours may include evenings, holidays, and weekends. Additional Information: Please note: This position is located in Seattle, WA. To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: Careers@Northeastern _Northeastern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Educational Institution and Employer, Title IX University. Northeastern University particularly welcomes applications from minorities, women and persons with disabilities. Northeastern University is an E-Verify Employer._ Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-2b7994c56780f443a56d59ac8bda9f96