Overview Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader in storage and information management services. Iron Mountain is committed to storing, managing and transforming what our customers value most, from paper records to data to priceless works of art and culture. Providing a full suite of solutions – records and information management, data management, digital solutions, data centers and secure destruction – Iron Mountain enables organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and protect their data and assets from a complex world. Visit the company website at www.ironmountain.com for more information. Iron Mountain enables 94% of the Fortune 1000 to smartly and securely manage their physical and digital information assets. With unmatched innovation and collaboration, our teams create information management solutions for our customers’ data, no matter what format, location or lifecycle stage it’s in and no matter where it’s kept. We are more than 17,000 people strong and growing. We’ve been a trusted records management leader since 1951. Iron Mountain is an equal opportunity employer, and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics or expression, disability, medical condition, U.S. Military or veteran status or other legally protected classifications in making employment decisions. Responsibilities The Systems Administrator position provides customer service by troubleshooting problems, finding solutions or escalating as appropriate while following our customer service standards. This role has primary responsibility for configuration, installation, systems management, and coordination of enterprise wide IT related systems and processes. Additionally, the Systems Administrator has key responsibility for resolving hardware and software technical problems and malfunctions related to the IT infrastructure and data center operations. _Primary Responsibilities:_ Responsible for the accurate configuration, installation, management, and coordination of enterprise wide information technology systems for the Data Center Monitor ticketing system and user’s requests pertaining to usage, standards, in both developmental and production matters Provides guidance to the systems, programming, and operations staff in the solution of hardware/software related problems Disseminates detailed descriptions of new or modified hardware/software systems and instructions for their use Monitors systems health, reacting appropriately to ensure disruption is avoided or minimized Develops and monitors policies and standards for allocation related to the use of computing resources in a virtualized environment for disaster recovery. Monitor and maintain VM inventory; Interconnect infrastructure, network systems and components, system administration and repairing failed devices. Qualifications Experience with systems engineering functions - architecture definition, requirements development, system interfaces, system design, implementation, integration, verification and validation, deployment, and system operation. Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in computer sciences, or related field and at least 5-6 years’ experience in technical operations management and/or an equivalent combination of training and preferred. Strong verbal and written communications skills. A thorough working knowledge of local area networks, server installations, TCP/IP, routers, switches and WAN concepts preferred. Familiarity with storage and SAN technologies. Management of storage environments a plus. Clear understanding of contemporary virtualization technology and practices, strong experience with VMware 5.5 & 6.0 products – VCP certification preferred. Exposure to variety of computing platforms, including Cisco UCS Servers, Dell Servers, EMC VMAX Storage, Nimble storage, Azure and AWS. A high degree of knowledge and experience with operating systems including Microsoft Server 2012 and 2016, SQL Server, and other Microsoft Products. Strong Product knowledge of Veeam Backup, Active Directory, SolarWinds, IIS, DNS, DHCP, Patch Management, alerting, VM Templates, VM cloning and Group Policy. PowerShell scripting experience preferred Participation in 24/7 on call rotation schedule as needed Ability to respond to after-hours project demands and critical situations 24/7. Compliance Obligations: It is the responsibility of every Iron Mountain employee: to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and company policies to exhibit ethical behavior in accordance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct to complete required training within the allotted time frame