Warehouse Operations Manager Kent, Washington Capstone Logistics is a fast growing, exciting company focused on third party services in distribution centers across the nation. We are in 48 states and over 400 Distribution Centers across the United States. We are looking for a Warehouse Site Manager to join our team and be part of something great. We have an outstanding career opportunity for a driven, successful leader with at least 3 years of increasing management responsibility in the distribution/transportation fields. Successful candidates will handle the daily management of the warehouse crew. We provide unloading services for our client. DAILY RESPONSIBILITIES: Negotiation of rates with common carrier representatives Running site with safety and efficiency as priorities Writing and balancing daily bank deposits Creation of daily work logs and transmission of same to corporate Audit of daily labor and billing reports Ensure customer needs are met on a daily basis. Document and resolve any customer service or associate issues daily. Ensure all associates follow policies and work rules including safety work rules. Hold weekly safety meetings and ensure associate participation. Assist in managing Site and Departmental budget. Scheduling associate shifts based on customer requirements. Interview, hire, and train new associates. Supervise timely and accurate data entry for all services performed. Complete daily closeout, including cash balancing, data upload, and payroll record administration according to policies and standard operating procedures. QUALIFICATIONS: Must be very flexible with shift start times as well as days worked, including weekends and holidays. 3 years of management and leadership experience in an industrial setting. Ability to train, coach, and mentor warehouse associates. Strong organization and prioritizing skills. Ability to simultaneously perform multiple tasks. The ability to make decisions, problem solve, prioritize assignments and direct the workforce in an ever-changing, warehouse environment. Ability to manage budgets; read and interpret P&L; statements; and prepare related management reports. Intermediate PC skills with knowledge of Excel, Word, Outlook and PowerPoint Excellent aptitude in estimating rates and adding and subtracting mentally while constantly multi-tasking. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Ability to walk and stand for extended periods of time Ability to lift up to 75 lbs EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: Warehousing, Logistics, Supply Chain or Third Party experience preferred BS/BA Degree or Associates Degree with Equivalent Experience is a plus but no required Excellent interpersonal communication, leadership, and customer service skills. Proven track record in supervision of warehouse employees including Hiring, Training, and Termination. Proven experience in providing high levels of customer service to internal and external customers. College degree is a plus. This description portrays in general terms the type and levels of work performed and is not intended to be all-inclusive or to represent specific duties of any one incumbent. The job responsibilities and tasks described herein may be modified and expanded over time. We will offer the successful candidate: Salary commensurate with education, experience and skills Quarterly incentive based on operational performance. Benefits after 30 days including major medical, dental, vision, life, STD, LTD, and 401 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to quality through diversity. We are a Drug- Free Workplace. 12617