What does the Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultant do? Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. As a Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultant you will: Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. What are the Professional Requirements of the Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.