Who We Are From day one with the Quicken Loans Family of Companies, you’ll engage in meaningful work. Not only will you be a key part in reshaping the fintech industry, but you’ll also have opportunities to impact the communities in which we work and play. As part of a team, you will build connections, pitch ideas and take on challenging projects that will help you grow both personally and professionally. A few things you can expect from a Quicken Loans Family of Companies internship: Gaining hands-on professional experience Participating in intern-exclusive events Volunteering in community service projects Are you ready to take on your next big challenge? If so, apply and see how you can join our family today! Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more What You'll Do/Need The Business Analyst Intern gains real world professional experience while working on new processes and determining technology solutions for teams across the company. This intern has the opportunity to work on process improvement projects to help improve day-to-day operations. Responsibilities Work with different teams across the company to determine solutions for their technology needs Work with a variety of team members to help deliver quality technology solutions Handle aggressive deadlines and balance multiple responsibilities while maintaining system integrity Map out processes and logic and help create project timelines Requirements Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong attention to detail and organizational skills Project management skills What You'll Get Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions _together_ and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010-2016 Primary Mortgage Origination Studies_ _SM_ _. 2016 study based on 3,267 total responses measuring 13 lenders and measures opinions of consumers who originated a new mortgage. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in July-August 2016. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender and the 3rd largest retail mortgage lender in America – according to National Mortgage News._