FMC Corporation is one the world’s leading specialty chemical companies. We are proud that our chemistries are helping to grow the world’s food, enabling new innovations in the pharmaceutical delivery, enhancing foods and beverages, contributing to a more sustainable energy supply, improving health, and advancing the manufacture of hundreds of essential products. FMC is a globally diverse organization that offers its employees exciting opportunities to work on challenging projects that are important to the achievement of our strategic objectives. Your education and professional experience are valued and put to use from day one. Your success at completing key initiatives can result in a varied, progressive and fulfilling career with FMC. With a corporate culture of innovation, integrity, responsibility and customer intimacy, we foster “The Right Chemistry” in everything we do. We are looking for people to join us in creating, developing, and improving our products, our processes, and our markets. In short, If you are ready to make a difference every day, FMC is ready to talk to you. Overview Responsible for preparation of financial/business performance reports, forecasts, budget, quarterly review and business analysis. Interpret and analyze financial/business information in order to monitor performance, identify potential risks/opportunities and explain variances to Budget, Forecast and Prior Year. Present financial reports to management and conduct financial analysis for business leadership to support key business decisions. Responsibilities Responsible for preparation of financial/business performance reporting, forecasting, budgeting, financial modeling and business analysis. Conduct financial analysis and provide recommendations to support key business decisions for Global Specialty Solutions Group (GSS) including marketing programs, investments, development, regulatory and competition. Interpret and analyze financial/business information in order to monitor performance, identify potential issues/opportunities, explain variances to Budgets and Operating Plans, and present financial reports to management. Financial Planning, Reporting, and Analysis: Conduct financial analysis to support key business decisions for the business areas. Monitor and report financial performance, explain variances to Budgets and strategic plans take the lead in recommending actions to resolve issues. Present reports and recommendations to management team. Lead the monthly forecasting process, including direct coordination with Sales, Marketing and Global Supply Chain. Assist with preparing annual budget, working closely with segment team leaders. Collaborate with GSS Development and Global Innovation teams on project charters, including analytical support to the project managers, priority rankings of new and existing projects (Charter process), ongoing project review support, etc. Strategic analysis, financial modeling, valuation, and general analytical support. Model financial implications of commercial decisions. Directly participate as member of segment teams; provide segment profitability reporting / business analyses, as required. Monitor general market / business / competitive trends. Assist in ad hoc projects as needed. Required Education 3-5 years experience in financial functions with exposure to marketing, strategic planning, and product development Demonstrated skill in applied financial analysis, forecasting, budgeting, and internal financial reporting Financial modeling skills, including NPV and business / product valuation Supply chain / distribution channel experience a plus Strong MS Excel and PowerPoint skills Strong interpersonal skills, ability to work in a matrix organization and handle ambiguity. Strong written and oral presentation skills Knowledge of chemical products and markets, including ability to interpret non-crop insecticide, herbicide and fungicide market data a plus. Knowledge of GAAP required, Knowledge and effective use of SAP modules and Business Intelligence required Resourceful and proactive in seeing projects through completion; ability to support M&A; activities, including post-M&A; execution. Qualifications MBA preferred, BA/BS in finance or equivalent experience EEO Statement FMC employees enjoy competitive compensation, a menu of work/life benefits and opportunities to continue developing their skills and building their career. FMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, gender, disability or protected veteran status. FMC supports a drug-free workplace.