We are looking for a Data Analyst to join our growing Los Angeles Video Labs team. This position will conduct analysis and provide reports around established and emerging social video platforms in support of a team servicing a major television and film client. The ideal candidate would have previous experience with and a passion for social video platforms, digital entertainment, and brand marketing. The candidate would also have a proven track record of personal and/or professional growth, initiative, and attention-to-detail. Please note that this is a contract position, with the possibility to convert to full-time. Responsibilities Interface with brand clients to understand and deliver on their custom reporting needs Interface with account teams on data collection, information sharing, and department-wide collateral Work with Strategist to develop new platform metrics Work with internal teams to create custom reporting solutions Create visually clear presentations and one-sheets based on research and analysis Provide product development recommendations around emerging metrics Actively participate in department and company culture, training, and development initiatives Other duties as assigned Qualifications 1-2 years of related experience in fast-paced business environment (agency preferred) Demonstrable Excel mastery working with large data sets. Ideal experience includes building complicated formulas, parsing strings, mapping assets and metadata, and hacking formulas to improve efficiency. Up-to-date knowledge of Facebook / Youtube platform functionality Proficiency in the following: PowerPoint (Keynote a bonus),Excel, Google Drive, DropboxProficiency with time / email-inbox management - Gmail, Google Calendar A deep interest in online video and marketing strategyComfortable with research and analytics Passionate about online video across a variety of genres (Comedy, Drama, Gaming, How-TO) Ability to predict and anticipate future opportunities and challenges and create solutions in advance Excellent written and verbal communication skill Flexibility to succeed in innovative, sometimes ambiguous situations BONUS POINTS IF (PRIOR EXPERIENCE WITH): Social media agency, digital agency, or online video experience Completion of key social platform certifications (YouTube Certified, Facebook Blueprint, etc) Experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks) Fullscreen is a global media company that develops online creators and programs multi-platform entertainment experiences. 600 million subscribers generate more than 6 billion video views across Fullscreen’s global network each month. Headquartered in Los Angeles, the company was founded in January 2011 by CEO George Strompolos, a co-creator of the original YouTube Partner Program. Fullscreen owns and operates leading creative production studio Rooster Teeth, video game culture network ScrewAttack, and social media studio McBeard. Fullscreen’s network includes more than 70,000 creators, featuring the Fine Bros., O2L (Our 2nd Life), Andrea Russett, Devin Supertramp and Jack and Jack. Visit Fullscreen.com for more information. _Fullscreen, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability._