At Lyft, community is what we are and it’s what we do. It’s what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring. Local Analytics Managers (LAMs) partner with General Managers at Lyft to drive growth, improve efficiency, and influence long-term strategy through data and analytics. You will be responsible for analyzing a large amount of data, developing insights, and making recommendations on how we grow our markets and provide the best user experiences. These actionable recommendations will be both strategic as well as tactical, and influence how Lyft invests millions of dollars. To be successful as a Local Analytics Manager, you have a strong background in analytics, think strategically, and are able to make challenging trade-offs (supply vs. demand, long-term vs. short-term, low-risk vs. high risk). You will work with multiple cross-functional stakeholders, and influence all aspects of running and growing a market across passengers, drivers and marketplace balance. LAMs report to the General Manager, with a dotted line and close collaboration with the HQ Operations Analytics team. \----------------- Responsibilities: \----------------- Make data-driven recommendations on how to run marketing and incentives. Identify gaps and opportunities to improve passenger and driver experience in local markets. Monitor and diagnose market performance, and forecast future trends. Develop actionable dashboards for GMs and other local stakeholders. Support strategic planning for the markets. \------------------------ Experience & Skills: \------------------------ Experience in an analytics role or equivalent B.S. in economics, applied math, statistics, engineering or other quantitative fields, M.S. preferred Comfortable working with very large data sets Expert SQL experience Experience building models in Excel Experience with data visualization and BI tools like Tableau Strong oral and written communication skills; extremely attentive to detail Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment Lyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.