UCSF is in the process of integrating with Children’s Hospital Oakland Research Institute (CHORI). This involves integrating CHORI’s research-related operations with those of UCSF. This integration involves many functional areas, including, but not limited to, human resources, finance, information technology, ethics and compliance, sponsored research, and post-award accounting, as well as an integration of academic researchers. UCSF is seeking an experienced Business and Integration Manager to lead the Integration Project & Change Manager to carry out the project management and change management aspects of this integration. This position will report to the Integration Project & Change Manager and support an Executive Committee who will lead the overall strategic direction of the project. Functional leads and/or teams will be responsible for the execution of their functional strategies and project plans under the umbrella of the overall project strategy and plan. The Business and Integration Manager will be expected to work independently, as they partner with the Integration Project & Change Manager in the formation and execution of the overall project plan and change management strategy. The Business and Integration Manager supports up to 14 cross-functional program teams to ensure projects meet objectives and are delivered on-time. Under the general supervision of the Integration Project & Change Manager, the Manager is primarily responsible for: Working in partnership with cross-functional project team(s) comprising members from both UCSF and CHORI to independently develop and maintain the timelines required to support the projects Tracking progress towards milestones and communicating potential risks and conflicts Proactively identifying potential deviations via routine communications and timeline reports. Please note: This is a full time one year contract position starting from the date of hire. The location: Children’s Hospital Oakland Research Institute (CHORI), Oakland, CA. ASSOCIATE VICE CHANCELLOR / RESEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS The Office of the Associate Vice Chancellor (AVC) for Research Infrastructure and Operations is responsible for a wide range of activities in support of the campus research mission. The AVC oversees the operation of the UCSF Office of Sponsored Research, Laboratory Animal Resource Center and Environment, Health and Safety which employs over 375 staff and a budget of approximately $50 million. The AVC also has responsibility for providing research support services to faculty investigators and collaborates with others on the Office of Research team, the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, UCSF Health, faculty leaders and entities outside of UCSF, to identify potential improvements and best practices. Additionally, the AVC represents the Office of Research in campus- wide planning and on select University of California (UC) system-wide committees and councils. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.