Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future- growth initiatives. In this role, you will lead strategy for a critical area of growth for Google - our Platforms business, including Google’s suite of DoubleClick and Google Analytics products. You will leverage your analytical, strategic and project management skills to help our senior leaders make informed decisions and execute quickly and flawlessly. Your entrepreneurial mindset will help Google see around the corner in this fast-paced, dynamic industry with business critical insights, informed by analytics. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever- evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to- market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. Responsibilities Cultivate relationships with senior sales stakeholders to ensure broad buy-in of business priorities, metrics, processes and workflows. Partner with Platforms business leaders to understand business-critical tools needed related to planning, reporting, mapping and growth opportunity prioritization. Take an entrepreneurial approach to defining and creating the tools and dashboards needed to run a large-scale sales operation effectively and efficiently with the primary focus on business health metrics and data/tools to support planning, reporting and growth opportunity prioritization. Partner with Global Operations, Sales Solutions and other teams to ensure alignment of metrics across teams, regions, products, etc. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of analytical/project management experience in management consulting and/or sales operations within internet/media/advertising industries. Experience with SQL and data visualization tools. Preferred qualifications: MBA or graduate degree in a management, technical or engineering field. Experience leading/project managing complex, operational and strategic initiatives. Experience with Salesforce. Distinctive problem-solving and analytical skills combined with impeccable business judgment. Superior ability to present to executives and communicate with management team. Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.