Oil, Gas & Chemicals Data Management Manager Are you interested in joining a team where you can make a global impact daily? At Deloitte Energy, Resources and Industrials (ER&I;) our team is not only expanding their own knowledge and skills, we are changing the world one Client at a time. It is our mission to help our customers reduce their costs, increase efficiency, and drive innovation by being the consulting firm of choice for their Energy, Resources and Industrial needs for the future. If you are passionate, have the desire to work with an extremely talented and diversely innovative team where your vision and core values will help shape an organization, we want you on our team. Find out why our consultants keep pushing us to the top of the rankings for the Best Places to Work! Oil Gas & Chemicals The Oil, Gas & Chemicals sector is facing unprecedented change in a quickly evolving digital era. Improving the customer experience has never been more critical to business success. Clients are increasingly focused on maintaining and growing their assets while simultaneously searching for cost-effective and safer ways to access, extract and sustain key resources. Deloitte currently serves the majority of the global Oil & Gas and Chemicals corporations on the Fortune 500 list, assisting them in facing these business challenges. Moving forward, we have launched a growth strategy to at least double our marketplace footprint over the next 3-5 years. We are committed to helping our clients work with newly empowered customers, hyper-connected digital ecosystems, and expansion in data all while collaborating with Deloitte’s Offering Portfolios. In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. Analytics & Cognitive The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to: Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements Work you’ll do A Manager at Deloitte will manage and deliver components of client engagements that design and implement technology based business solutions for large multi- national organizations. Key responsibilities will include: Manage teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures. Formulate planning, budgeting, forecasting and reporting strategies. Manage full life cycle implementations. Develop statements of work and/or client proposals. Identify business opportunities to increase usability and profitability of information architecture. Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement. Develop and manage vendor relationships. Lead workshops for client education. Manage resources and budget on client projects. Assist and drive the team by providing oversight. Qualifications Required: 6+ years of relevant data management consulting or industry experience (master data, metadata, data architecture, data governance, data quality, data modeling) with experience including the following tools: Informatica MDM, IBM MDM, Oracle MDM and/or Cloud MDM, SAP MDG, Reltio, PIM, SAP BODS, etc. 4+ years of experience leading and managing data delivery project teams through all phases of the project lifecycle from scoping and planning, requirements gathering, design, development, testing, and go live. Significant experience leading complex data management engagements and team sizes ranging from 5 to 20 resources Ability to travel 80-100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent professional experience Preferred: An advanced degree in the area of specialization Proven skills as a team member, team lead or project manager on multiple full life cycle implementations. A proven resource in defining systems strategy, developing systems requirements, designing and prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures, and implementing practical business solutions under multiple deadlines. Eagerness to mentor junior staff and raise quality of data strategy, design and implementation across the practice by sharing insights and methods through training, community, etc. Committed to gaining exposure to multiple industries while further developing your career. Adept at implementing technology-enabled business solutions for clients as part of a high-talent team. Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). The team Analytics & Cognitive In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to: Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html