Job Description Ford Global Data Insight and Analytics (GDI &A) is looking for a data scientist with an emphasis on Machine Learning and scalable computing. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automobile industry. We are seeking an experienced Machine Learning scientist to assist in all phases of project work, including problem formulation, model development, and deployment for use in support of Ford Smart Mobility and Autonomous Vehicle initiatives. The job candidate should have great autonomy and self-discipline to conduct original research and choose appropriate methodologies to solve mobility problems. This position will involve the development and deployment of AI technology in areas such as autonomous vehicles, cybersecurity, customer interaction, manufacturing and connected vehicles. The Ford GDI&A – situated in greater Detroit, Palo Alto, Chennai, Europe, and China – is a growing team committed to enable Ford to see our business, know our customers, and act in a meaningful way. We enable evidence based decision making by providing timely, actionable, and forward-looking insights to our Ford business partners. Together our team works to understand our changing world, identify new opportunities, and take action to design and innovate for the future of mobility – Ford’s vehicles and surrounding experiences. Responsibilities: Analyze source data and data flows, working with structured and unstructured data. Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends. Apply AI/Machine Learning technology to solve real-world problems. Communicate and present models to business customers and executives. Coordinating with fellow data scientists from the Ford community in Dearborn, MI, Palo Alto, CA, Chennai, India, and Aachen, Germany. Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics or Physics or related field. 2+ years of experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence techniques and tools to include one or more of the following: neural networks, deep learning, regression, classification, or clustering. Preferred Qualifications: PhD in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics. 2+ years of experience with SQL, Spark, OR Hadoop. 2+ years of experience of functional programming with Python, Scala, Java, OR C++. Demonstrated ability in the application of Machine Learning/AI in real-world industrial settings with large scale data. Experience with Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe, Caffe2, PyTorch, or MxNet. Experience with Agile software development. Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills and an ability to work in a team environment. Comfortable working in an environment where problems are not always well-defined. The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team; discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Candidates for positions at Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.