Supplier Integration Associate , Supply Chain Visibility Team Full-Time Boston, MA, United States Our team works with over 10,000 suppliers to provide a world-class fulfillment experience for our customers. Streamlined and automated data integration with our suppliers is crucial to our success. Our network of suppliers is vast and spans the full spectrum of technological sophistication. We rely on the fast, automated exchange of information such as inventory levels, orders, tracking information as the foundation of our business. As we grow, we need to be ahead of the curve in identifying opportunities, designing solutions, and implementing change with our suppliers and internally. As a Supplier Integration Associate, you will be responsible for developing and implementing an integration strategy across your portfolio to improve supply chain visibility and drive efficiencies. The ideal candidate has a passion for technology and is an energetic team player who understands how to effectively drive results in a fast-paced and rapidly growing company. Due to the high visibility with senior leadership throughout the organization, they must also possess strong senior presence. The ideal candidate also has leadership experience in a matrix organization, where communication, influencing others and prioritization are as valued as much as project execution and opportunity identification. What you will do: Oversee a subset of key strategic suppliers and drive the integration strategy to improve visibility and efficiencies across the supply chain Analyze and understand supplier performance to root cause supply chain issues and drive change via integration strategy Build strong relationships with suppliers and collaborate to improve their operational performance by leveraging technology and integration Contribute to the development of tools and processes which make our team and suppliers more efficient (and effective) Work cross functionally with groups company-wide, including Category Management, Logistics, Finance, and Warehouse Fulfillment Drive supplier adoption of key tools and technology (EDI, inventory, and supplier extranet) Travel to supplier warehouses to view their operations first hand Develop competency to implement and test new integrations and technologies with suppliers Attend tradeshows to visit key suppliers Report performance trends and improvements to senior management You’re a great fit if you have: A Bachelor Degree 1-3 years of e-commerce, retail merchandising or management consulting experience Articulate and persuasive communication skills, both written and verbal A passion for technology and technical aptitude A Track record of successful relationship management skills An Ability to hit the ground running – a confident, entrepreneurial self-starter Demonstrated senior presence, recognized as an effective contributor Innovative problem-solving skills – dissect and determine root causes of problems, and implement solutions A Track record of taking on big challenges and delivering despite obstacles and limited resources Experience in business and data analytics, Excel, SQL About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 8 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $4.3 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended September 30, 2017. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 6,800 people.