Work you'll do Consultants work within an engagement team. Key responsibilities will include: Function as integrators between business needs and technology solutions, helping to create technology solutions to meet clients’ business needs. Defining systems strategy, developing system requirements, designing, prototyping, and testing custom technology solutions, and supporting system implementation. The Team Analytics and Information Management At Deloitte Consulting LLP, our Analytics and Information Management team is responsible for transforming numbers and statistics into actionable information for our clients. We help them predict, plan, and adapt their business strategies to meet real-time challenges and confidently help navigate past whatever obstacles come their way. We take a holistic approach to data and offer a broad range of integration and analytics capabilities, including: Information Delivery, Data Management and Architecture, Digital Finance Technology and Advanced Analytics Enablement. Learn more about our Analytics and Information Management practice. Qualifications Required: 2+ years of relevant technology architecture consulting or industry experience Understand the benefits of data warehousing, data architecture, data quality processes, data warehousing design and implementation, table structure, fact and dimension tables, logical and physical database design, data modeling, reporting process metadata, and ETL processes 2+ years of hands on experience with Informatica PowerCenter and/or other tools such as Amazon Redshift, Ab Initio, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SAP Data Services, SAS Data Management, Oracle Warehouse Builder and Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) 1+ year experience leading workstreams or small teams Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent professional experience Willingness to travel 80 -100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) Preferred: 1+ years of hands on experience with data integration products like Informatica PowerCenter Big Data Edition (BDE), IBM BigInsights, Talend etc. 2+ years of experience with software development methodologies including Agile delivery Experience with data dictionaries, data analysis and relational databases Be familiar with defining a data warehouse solution, multidimensional model, logical and physical models design, data types, staging process and its benefits, and different data warehouse design approaches (top-down, bottom-up) and schemas (Star, Snow Flakes, etc) Identify the OLAP models Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html