What sets Bank of the West apart from other banks is our team members–they embody the optimistic spirit of the West. There is a spirit here that drives us to do more. Our team of more than 10,000 employees is vital to the success of our Bank. They reflect our modern western values—straightforward, entrepreneurial and optimistic. We seek to create a corporate culture that fosters and rewards excellence, encourages creative thinking and respects diversity – an environment where team members are engaged, supportive of one another and enthusiastic about serving our customers. Bank of the West offers the stability of a company that has a 135 year history and is part of BNP Paribas, a European leader in global banking and financial services and one of the 6 strongest banks in the world. We offer opportunities across our diverse business lines – Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, National Finance, and Wealth Management. Job Description Summary Partners with Commercial Banking Group to understand, design and implement data solutions, architectures and strategies that meet or exceed organizational initiatives and are consistent with enterprise architectural standards. The position applies knowledge of the Commercial Banking Group in development and evaluation of alternatives for solutions. Participates in the development and maintenance of overall data architecture and strategy to the Commercial Banking Group. Essential Job Functions Develops recommendations on process improvements Participates in the development of data management policies, standards and procedures Creates detailed design, validate and communicate modeling solutions, including both relational and dimensional models Contributes to Conceptual data architecture solution, Estimation and contributes to the project planning sessions for medium to high complex projects. Participates in supporting the development and update of enterprise architectural strategies, standards, processes and tools. Provides in-depth identification and resolution of information flow and content issues. Other Job Duties Partners directly with the Enterprise Architects, clients, ETL developers, other key stakeholders to design and develop high performing database solutions and maintain consistent data element definitions Works with FinTech partners to craft solutions around data provisioning and migration from proofs to working relationships. Performs other duties as assigned. Establishes and maintains visible and transparent relationships with senior management in Commercial Banking Group. Coordinates and communicates with key stakeholders on required data architecture standards and activities. Required Experience Requires deep knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. Requires 7-10 years minimum prior relevant experience. May have broad knowledge of project management. Typically viewed as a specialist within discipline. Education Bachelor's Degree Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law. Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran. Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.