Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Audit Services conducts audits and reports the results of our work to the Audit & Examinations Committee of the Board of Directors. We provide independent, objective assurance and consulting services delivered through a highly competent and diverse team. As a business partner, Audit helps the Company accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes. The Shared Services Audit Team (SSAT), led by an Executive Audit Director (EAD), facilitates a centralized, internal service provider model for supporting audit work across WFAS. SSAT is comprised of three dynamic teams; Centralized Data Innovation & Analytics team, a Cross-Functional Enhanced Review Group, and a combined international team located in India. The Data Innovation & Analytics (DI&A;) team creates lasting value and increases efficiency for WFAS audit teams. These teams include Consumer Banking Audit Team (CBAT), Conduct & Sales Practices (CSP), Capital & Model Risk Management (CMRM), Corporate Risk (CR), Enterprise Technology Audit Group (ETAG), Finance and Corporate Activities (FCA), Financial Crimes Audit Team (FiCAT), Wholesale Banking (WHLS) and Wealth & Investment Management (WIM). The team also will manage and facilitate data requests that support emerging issues including consent order work and related customer remediation. The DI&A; team has an opening for a Data Analytics Manager. The Data Analytics Manager will supervise teams of data analytics professionals in navigating the extensive production and analytical data environments within Wells Fargo and apply that expertise to provide value-added data analysis solutions. We are looking for a candidate with significant data analytics, audit, or risk management experience with the proven ability to utilize data analysis methodologies and tools to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit process. This includes partnering with internal auditors to identify opportunities to utilize data analysis in evaluating the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and other work efforts including validation work on corrective actions and customer remediation. This role requires critical thinking, broad perspective, and the ability work collaboratively with leaders across the enterprise. Duties include: Supervising audit assignments and data specific projects Using strategic and critical thinking skills to develop the identification of opportunities to utilize data analysis in the assessment of risk and controls and other operational processes. Navigating within technology environments to locate, validate, extract, and format data for data analysis testing. Reviewing the documentation for the analysis in accordance with audit policy. Training and mentoring audit teams in the use of data analysis and data analysis tools. Partnering with assigned audit teams to build expertise in the use of data analysis within the internal audit function. As a Team Member Manager, you are expected to achieve success by leading yourself, your team, and the business. Specifically you will: Lead your team with integrity and create an environment where your team members feel included, valued, and supported to do work that energizes them. Accomplish management responsibilities which include sourcing and hiring talented team members, providing ongoing coaching and feedback, recognizing and developing team members, identifying and managing risks, and completing daily management tasks. Required Qualifications 8+ years of analytics experience, audit experience, or a combination of both 2+ years of leadership experience Desired Qualifications A BS/BA degree or higher in accounting, finance, or business administration Certification in one or more of the following: CPA, CAMS, CRCM, CIA, CISA or Commissioned Bank Examiner designation Risk or compliance experience Large financial or auditing company experience Leadership experience for professional auditors, risk management, or project leadership professionals Solid knowledge and understanding of audit methodologies and tools that support audit processes SQL or SAS experience Ability to develop operational reporting and performing complex data analysis Ability to lead projects/initiatives with high risk and complexity Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills with ability to turn findings into strategic imperatives Other Desired Qualifications Demonstrated ability to mentor and develop team members Demonstrated progression of utilizing new tools and techniques and knowledge of the audit process Computer Science (B.A.) [Concentration in Financial Services Informatics, AI, Robotics, Data Science, Software, Systems] Management Information Systems [Concentration in Management Information Systems; Business Intelligence and Analytics; Systems Analysis] Degree in Economics, Mathematics and Statistics Certifications in analytics space: SAS Certified Big Data Professional SAS Certified Data Scientist Certification of Professional Achievement in Data Sciences Certified Analytics Professional Data Mining and Applications Graduate Certificate (university specific) Experience in data processing, database programming, and/or data analytics. SQL, SAS, or ACL programming experience including automation solutions of medium to high technical complexity. Experience building data visualization and/or reporting solutions through Tableau or similar BI tools preferred. Knowledge of Wells Fargo businesses, systems of record, and data warehouses. Proficiency with other software and/or programming languages and tools (Visual Basic, Oracle SQL, SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft SQL Server, Teradata, SQL Server Reporting Service, etc.) Job Expectations Ability to travel up to 10% of the time Street Address NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC NC-Charlotte: 301 S College St - Charlotte, NC CO-Denver: 1700 Lincoln St - Denver, CO IA-West Des Moines: 1776 Westlakes Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA MN-Minneapolis: 600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN AZ-PHX-Central Phoenix: 100 W Washington St - Phoenix, AZ PA-Philadelphia: 1 S Broad St - Philadelphia, PA TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX CA-SF-Financial District: 420 Montgomery - San Francisco, CA MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.