The IT Business Intelligence Analyst I will partner with business and APS managers to understand and prioritize data and information requirements. Focuses on design and support of business intelligence ("BI") applications and architecture. Solves technical problems and optimizes performance of business intelligence tools by defining data to filter and index. Minimum Requirements Bachelors' degree in Information Technology or related field and 2 years of prior relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and directly related experience. Requires working technical knowledge gained through experience within a job area or system Preferred Special Skills, Knowledge or Qualifications Knowledge of business intelligence database structures, algorithms, best practices and auditing mechanisms; data warehousing and performance concepts; common and complex business intelligence tools; change control and business intelligence agility methodologies; performance tuning practices; the development of complex SQL inquiries, business intelligence products such as (IBM Cognos, Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau, Business Objects, Oracle); data warehouse objects, dimensions, hierarchies, fact tables, and aggregates; HTML and CSS; practices to create creative designs for information in print, online, and interactive formats; the integration, production, and usability of graphic solutions related to information design; visual design practices; type, illustration, and layout techniques for information design; specialized visualization tools; database and statistical programming languages (SQL or R) Major Accountabilities 1) Work closely with team members to design, write and maintain reports (IBM Cognos, PowerBI, Tablaeu) Proficient in report and dashboard design, development and unit testing Maintains the quality of metadata repository by adding, modifying, and deleting data Monitors and assists with processes and controls that maintain data integrity Participates in planning process including inception, technical design, development, testing and delivery of BI solutions Works with internal clients and IT partners to gather requirements Develops and writes business requirements for the design of solutions May determine and analyze commonly used queries and reports Assists in the development of end user training materials Must be able to perform duties with moderate to low supervision Key Level Differentiators Works to achieve operational targets within job area with direct impact on information design and business intelligence results Under limited supervision, implements or supports projects/assignments May influence others through explanation of facts, policies, and practices regarding information design and business intelligence Analyzes standard to moderately complex technical information design and business intelligence problems and solves them using judgment and prior experience Ability to make decisions in areas outside of direct responsibility Decision making has low impact on own and related IT job family and department Export Compliance/EEO This position may require access to and/or use of information subject to control under the Department of Energy's Part 810 Regulations (10 CFR Part 810), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR Parts 730 through 774), or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter M Part 120) (collectively, "U.S. Export Control Laws"). Therefore, some positions may require applicants to be a U.S. person, which is defined as a U.S. Citizen, a U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), a Political Asylee, or a Refugee under the U.S. Export Control Laws. All applicants will be required to confirm their U.S. person or non-US person status. All information collected in this regard will only be used to ensure compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws, and will be used in full compliance with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of national origin and other factors. For positions at Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations (PVNGS) all openings will require applicants to be a U.S. person. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Pinnacle West”) provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.