Job Description: The Business Analysis Manager – Sales Analytics role plans and executes analyses that inform our Regional Vice Presidents and Executive Vice President with the insights needed to fuel sales growth and profitability. This is a high-profile role that requires a self-starter with an analytical and curious disposition to constantly improve business performance. A successful candidate will know how to tie it all together – finding and building data sets through code/queries, analyzing/presenting the data with applied business acumen, and leveraging partnerships to ultimately influence leadership. Responsibilities: Enterprise Core Competencies Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Essential Functions Perform continuous sales analysis, understanding key drivers/metrics of performance, to have a POV on business performance and aid in decision making and evaluation of sales initiatives, including scenario and sensitivity analyses across a range of options, and post-mortem analyses to determine effectiveness of strategic decisions. Comfortably work with and analyze large sets of data. Source, scrub, mine, dissect, aggregate, and analyze/model data as needed to arrive at and drive key insights. Readily and effectively communicate methodologies, findings, and recommendations to sales leadership. Create executive-level presentations and present complex analytical findings in a clear and concise manner. Possess the ability to influence leadership through fact-based analysis. Partner with upstream data suppliers and analytics partners throughout the enterprise to game plan and continuously increase efficiency in data/analytics delivery. Qualifications: Minimum Required 5 years of progressive experience in financial and/or operational analysis Strong analytical, problem solving, communication and presentation skills. Well-developed interpersonal skills. Confidence sharing ideas in front of leaders. Proven experience with report creation, data analysis/visualization and business case development A talent for multi-tasking, prioritizing objectives, and meeting deadlines in a demanding, team-oriented environment. Ability to teach and train others. Proficiency using Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Word) Self-starter and results-oriented with a desire for driving continuous improvement. Preferred Telecommunication or relevant business analysis experience preferred Proficient in writing SQL queries Training development and delivery experience Education Bachelors’ Degree in a quantitative concentration is preferred. Master’s degree is desired. Additional work experience in lieu of degree may be considered. Minimum Qualifications: At least 18 years of age Legally authorized to work in the United States High School Diploma or GED Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.