Intermediate Technology Trainer JobID: 55259 Position Type: Closing Date: 10/06/2018 Technology Professionals/Technology Specialist Date Posted: 8/6/2018 Department: IT Customer Service Date Available: 08/06/2018 Location: Area: Job Category: Hattie Mae White Bldg. Northwest Technology Professionals Job Code: Contract Type: Months: 30003638 None 12 Salary Minimum: Salary Maximum: $41,846 $53,353 Attachment(s): IntermediateTechnologyTrainer IT0735.pdf POSITION TITLE: Intermediate Technology Trainer CONTRACT LENGTH: 12M Job Code: IT0735 PAY GRADE: 26 FLSA EXEMPTION STATUS: Nonexempt Job Family – Information Technology JOB SUMMARY: Under limited supervision, organizes and conducts complex training and educational programs for information systems or user personnel. Maintains records of training activities and monitors employee progress and program effectiveness. Assesses training needs and requirements. Able to work on most phases of information systems training. Works directly with Business Systems Analyst to align system development life cycle, quality assurance, and training. MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES List most important duties first Delivers moderately complex training courses that require teaching of concepts and application of the concepts, interpretation of policies, and assesses participants’ ability to apply the concepts. Assesses audience and determines the need to modify presentation content and/or delivery. Reviews and provides feedback on course materials, reviews and prepares lesson plans, and selects appropriate training aids. Reviews and test new and revised curriculum offerings. Uses, adapts, and modifies existing course outlines, materials, models, concepts, tools, and methodologies. Due to experience with user requirements, documentation, and user training, this position is involved in test planning, writing test cases/scripts, test case automation and test execution to ensure the quality of all product deliverables. Works on problems of limited scope. Follows standard practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained. Plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing; and assist in the creation of specifications for systems to meet business requirements. May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing input on user design consideration. Learn all relevant aspects of current and new product rollouts to ensure ongoing improvement of product knowledge, training, and technical knowledge. Works to continually understand business requirements, document them in standard formats, and work them seamlessly into the delivery of enterprise training. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. EDUCATION: Associate Degree or 60 hours WORK EXPERIENCE: 2 to 5 years TYPE OF SKILL AND/OR REQUIRED LICENSING/CERTIFICATION: Uses professional concepts; applies professional standards and company policies to resolve routine training issues. Skill level is still developing towards journey-level contributor, but has solid foundation in many of the critical IT competencies needed to perform the job. Solid familiarity with learning systems, testing tools and application performance tools. Ability to perform integrated system testing and deliver moderate to advance training over several media platforms. LEADERSHIP RESPONSIBILITIES: No supervisory or direct people management responsibilities. May provide occasional work guidance, technical advice and training to staff. WORK COMPLEXITY/INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT: Work involves the application of moderately complex procedures and tasks that are quite varied. Independent judgment is often required to select and apply the most appropriate of available resources. Ongoing supervision is provided on an "as needed" basis. BUDGET AUTHORITY: No budget development activity is required. PROBLEM SOLVING: Decisions are made on both routine and non-routine matters with some latitude, but are still subject to approval. Job is occasionally expected to recommend new solutions to problems and improve existing methods or generate new ideas. IMPACT OF DECISIONS: Decisions have minor, small and possibly incremental impact on the department or facility. Errors are usually discovered in succeeding operations where most of the work is verified or checked and is normally confined to a single department or phase of the organizational activities resulting in brief inconvenience. COMMUNICATION/INTERACTIONS: Information sharing - gives and receives information such as options, technical direction, instructions and reporting results. Interactions are mostly with customers, own supervisor and coworkers in own and other departments. CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS: Takes routine or required customer actions to meet customer needs. Responds promptly and accurately to customer complaints, inquiries and requests for information and coordinates appropriate follow-up. May handle escalated issues passed on from coworkers or subordinates. WORKING/ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS: Work is normally performed in a typical interior work environment which does not subject the employee to any hazardous or unpleasant elements. Ability to carry and/or lift less than 15 pounds.