LRA, a Deloitte Business helps our clients protect their brands, deepen their customers’ advocacy, and helps to strengthen their reputation through our end- to-end approach to Customer Experience Measurement. Our global capabilities position Deloitte to help our clients minimize the risks to their brand and reputation across their portfolio. Our multi-dimensional strengths across strategy, risk management, and analytics enable tailored design, implementation, and management of solutions that deliver a competitive advantage in customer experience. We are seeking a Product Lead role who will primarily support the client implementation process by configuring Deloitte’s TrueView platform to support our client’s evaluation / inspection programs. Additionally, this role will be responsible for designing, testing, and supporting the application. The ideal candidate’s work primarily consists of meeting with internal/external clients, software configuration, report/visualization design, testing/validation, and performing end-user training. Also, the ideal candidate for this position will be self-motivated and have experience developing solutions. This person will be a subject matter expert on Deloitte’s TrueView platform, and be able to utilize that knowledge to meet our client's needs. This person will be responsible for completing all assigned tasks on time and to specification. The Product Lead role will take direction from one of the Product Leads on the TrueView team. Your goals and objectives must align with LRA’s core values: courtesy, professionalism, responsiveness and a devotion to client satisfaction. Work You’ll Do: Actively work with new and existing clients to implement TrueView technology. Assist with the design, testing, documentation, delivery and support of TrueView application (web and mobile) Collaborate with and take direction from Product Lead and subject matter experts Perform specific implementation tasks on our technology platforms including Deloitte TrueView Develop and maintain productive relationships with team members and key stakeholders in strategy and operations Support global clients and projects Motivation to take ownership of tasks and the determination to drive them to completion Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Systems Development, or other related area 5 – 7 years of recent experience in application development, product analysis, or other software development related discipline 3 – 5 years of software implementations experience Knowledge of software development processes and methodologies including Agile Strong communication and presentational skills with management and in client settings Detail Oriented and ability to manage their assigned tasks and deadlines Experience with analytics, data visualization, and/or reporting Excellent oral and written communication skills Additional desirable experience includes: Experience with Application development using ASP.Net, C, Web forms and SQL Experience with Qlik View or Qlik Sense data visualization tools How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html