ZS is the world’s largest consulting firm focused exclusively on improving business performance through sales and marketing consulting solutions, from customer insights and strategy to analytics, operations and technology. Together, we design and implement strategies that lead to greater market share, more competitive operations and increased use of today’s latest technologies. From our worldwide offices, ZS professionals draw on deep industry and domain expertise to deliver impact where it matters for clients. We are particularly known for our expertise in the pharmaceutical and health care sectors, yet work across a range of industries. ZS's Business Consulting group delivers solutions to a broad spectrum of sales and marketing challenges. We also help our clients transform their sales and marketing strategies and organizations to improve their effectiveness. Our recommendations and solutions are based in rigorous research and analysis underpinned by deep expertise and thought leadership across the demand generation process. HEALTH ECOSYSTEMS CONSULTANT We are currently seeking applicants for a Consultant to focus on health ecosystems and payers and will be part of our rapidly growing Value & Access Practice. Health ecosystems, include integrated delivery networks (IDNs) and integrated payer–provider networks (IPPNs) which are becoming increasingly important players in the US healthcare market. Consultants leverage their experience to take responsibility for projects and play a key role in the health ecosystems service line. Responsibilities: Work with project leadership to define project scope and develop approach Lead project task execution by ensuring progress, organizing project related findings and coordinating team meetings Formulating health ecosystems initiatives Performing market research to determine client’s needs Value communications Synthesize findings, develop recommendations and communicate results to clients and internal teams Provide thought leadership and innovation within the health ecosystems space Participate in business and strategy development Contribute to internal firm activities Coach and mentor junior team members Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in life sciences or related field (MBA is a plus) 4-5 years of experience in health ecosystems and/or payer experience; at least 2-3 years in HES Previous consulting experience is required Experience with research methodology and study design High motivation, good work ethic, maturity and personal initiative Aptitude for, and enjoyment of, leading and managing teams Strong oral and written communication skills that enable personal impact with senior-level decision makers Strong attention to detail, with a quality-focused mindset Candidates must possess work authorization for their intended country of employment ZS is a global consulting firm; fluency in English is required, additional fluency in at least one European or Asian language is desirable. Candidates must possess work authorization for their intended country of employment. An on-line application, including a cover letter expressing interest and a full set of transcripts (official or unofficial), is required to be considered. ZS offers a competitive compensation package with salary and bonus incentives, complete medical/dental/life insurance programs and retirement savings benefits. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. NO AGENCY CALLS, PLEASE. Connect with ZS on social media: Like ZS Careers on Facebook Follow ZS Careers on Twitter and Instagram Follow ZS on LinkedIn for more job opportunities Subscribe to the ZS YouTube Channel ZS has been recognized globally for its expertise in consulting and its flexible work environment. View ZS’s accolades . LI-ET1