CrowdStrike is a leading provider of next-generation endpoint protection, threat intelligence, and pre- and post-incident response services. We are the fastest growing endpoint protection company, one of the World's Most 50 Innovative Companies according to MIT, and one of Forbes Most Promising Companies. Our growth and innovation are driven by incredible employees who deliver unmatched customer success. The CrowdStrike Falcon platform uses sophisticated signature-less artificial intelligence/machine learning and Indicator-of-Attack (IOA) based threat prevention to stop known and unknown threats. CrowdStrike Accomplishments: January 2018: Awarded 1 in the Visionaries quadrant of the 2018 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms. February 2018: Great Place to Work 2017 Ranked No. 34 Best Medium Workplaces by Fortune magazine and consulting firm Great Place to Work Ranked No. 25 most attractive start-ups to work for by LinkedIn Closed $100 million equity financing round, at a valuation of over $1 billion dollar (backed by Accel, CapitalG (Google), and Warburg Pincus) Best Cyber Security Company and Best Behaviour Analytics/Enterprise Threat Detection in 2017 SC Awards Ranked No. 8 Best Workplaces in Technology, according to global research and consulting firm Great Place to Work® and Fortune Magazine The Solution Architect supporting the Channel, is a partner focused technical business development professional, who provides support, enablement, and guidance to CrowdStrike's Strategic Channel Partners. You will be expected to take ownership of the technical design and management of strategic alliance based initiatives and programs relating to technical architecture, solutions delivery, partner training and enablement as well as working internally to represent the needs of the Sales organization. The ideal candidate will have a good mix of deep technical knowledge and business acumen in the security market place. In this position you will be leading the development and execution of technology strategies and solutions integrations to meet strategic corporate and partner needs, present and future. Responsibilities Work closely with regional Channel Partners and their SEs to promote and further CrowdStrike's Sales growth. Assist partner SEs to accomplish CrowdStrike training and certifications. Shadow partner in live deployments. Including installations, troubleshooting and training of CrowdStrike's products. Rollout of NFR program (helping partners to deploy CS internally) Assist with demo environments, ensuring partners have necessary training and technology to demonstrate to CS customers. Develop technical enablement certification offering. Act as an interface between the Sales organization and technical staff to resolve outstanding issues Provide reporting and feedback on partner field activities to Sales, Product Management and Engineering Participate in regional Channel events such as security conferences, lunch & learns, and partner sponsored events. Requirements Significant experience in a technical capacity in either incident response services, attack and penetration assessments, or host-based security technologies, preferably working with large Service Providers, MSSP’s, or Consulting organizations Business development experience in a consulting and/or services environment Experienced in a security focused technical lead and/or solutions architect role Additional Qualifications Excellent organizational and project management skills Deep understanding of Modern Malware Lifecycle, Malware/Forensic Analysis, Cyber Security, threat Intelligence landscape, and the overall value of intelligence Understanding of host based security technologies such as: whitelisting, micro-virtualization, behavioral analysis, machine learning Ability to travel both domestic and internationally up to 50% Prior experience with SIEM systems, and data consumption capabilities including API’s, scripting, and data exchange formats Optional: Experienced in Structured Query Language Optional: Scripting experience in Bash and/or Python Optional: Product Management experience S./B.A./M.S. degree or equivalent experience/technical training _CrowdStrike is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law._