SUMMARY: The Director of Data Science leads and manages Cadent’s Data Science team. You will provide both strategic and tactical leadership for the existing data scientists as well as assess the organization's talent acquisition, analytic methods, tool selection, development strategy and roadmap. Your work will revolve around understanding complex business model, large and complex data manipulation, predictive model building, model validation, model deployment and ensuring all model documentation provides full model transparency. The Director of Data Science will distill the needs of our product teams into precise data science problem statements, define the scope of data-driven solutions that enhance Cadent's competitive edge, apply scientific methods to find solutions, and drive incorporation of these solutions into product. The position includes management of commitments to and relationships with technical and business stakeholders within Cadent. This role requires a strong aptitude for quantitative analysis of complex data along with proven practical experience as a data scientist. In addition, the successful candidate will be able to verbalize the story of our data in business terms. What you will do: Manage of the Data Science team, including hiring, training, and cultivating collaboration Responsible for the creation and championing of a data science strategy for the company Identify business value through key performance indicators for viable data science products by interfacing with stakeholders Responsible for leading the design of data science products, including input into a seamless user experience if applicable. Plan Agile sprints to align team with team goals Manage the integration of data science with other teams (development, business intelligence). Builds and maintain Cadent’s reputation in data science through relevant conference attendance, guest speaking, and other outlets Estimate the life-cycle timelines of machine learning projects to properly set deadlines Translate machine learning results to stakeholders in plain, business-centric language to set expectations and drive adoption About You: Advanced degree in computer science, mathematics or related discipline with a focus on machine learning or the equivalent of 5+ years of experience in data science A litany of accomplishments from your time as a data scientist Practical experience in full life-cycle of data science projects including research, development, production, and evaluation Experience providing leadership, mentorship and managing a data science/analytics team preferred Proven ability to prioritize and track multiple projects in parallel Strong analytical and quantitative problem solving ability Fundamental understanding of statistical modeling / predictive analysis/ machine learning / data mining / optimization and the ability to train others in this area Familiarity in building and evaluating machine learning pipelines with Python and scikit-learn Familiarity with cloud based deployment pipelines (AWS, etc.), containers (Docker), and RESTful paradigm for APIs Familiarity with Agile and CRISP-DM preferred Excellent presentation and communication skills—visual and verbal So if the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let’s start the conversation! EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.