The Data Intelligence Analyst (Research Specialist III) is selected by and reports to the Assistant Deputy Inspector General for Data and Technology within the Office of Inspector General. The Data Intelligence Analyst is responsible for performing (journey-level) intelligence research support and technical assistance work. Work involves assisting in developing, performing, and evaluating specialized research, analysis and reporting functions to support program investigations, audits, and inspections related to suspected fraud, waste and abuse. Responsible for assisting in the completion of research and analysis to support IG investigative, audit, and inspection efforts related to agency programs such as Medicaid, CHIP, SNAP, TANF, and WIC and provides consultative services and technical assistance to IG investigative, audit, inspections and program staff. Applies intelligence research and data analysis methods related to health and human services programs for investigations, audits and inspections; and assists in project development, planning and reporting for all assigned intelligence initiatives and projects. Provides assistance in developing recommendations and the preparation of a variety of reports, studies, and other deliverables for use by IG Investigators, Inspectors, Auditors and leadership, which contain analyses of health and human services data, the methods and procedures used, and the relevant sources referenced. Works under limited supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: Assists in the research, review, and preparation of a variety of intelligence reports, studies, and other deliverables containing analyses of health and human services data related to Medicaid, CHIP, SNAP, TANF, WIC and other social services programs. Researches current and historical policies and regulations to support intelligence efforts and findings. (30%) Assists in the planning and conducts research on the agency’s programs. Utilizes established research methods and analytical procedures; assesses validity of intelligence methods and/or procedures for appropriate application; and applies statistical methods to all related data sources. (25%) Effectively communicates verbally and assists in the in development and writing of reports and data findings to internal and external entities. Provides consultation and assistance to Investigators, Auditors, and Inspectors in developing methods and strategies for effective intelligence reporting of data and analysis. Provides for testing and evaluation of newly developed knowledge, methods, and techniques. (25%) Serves as liaison to other state agencies, licensures boards, and federal agencies regarding Medicaid, CHIP, SNAP, TANF, WIC fraud, waste and abuse investigations, audits and/or inspections; interprets program policies, standards and procedures, conducts intelligence training workshops, participates in joint investigations/audits/inspections, and provides advice and recommendations. (15%) Performs other duties necessary to achieve the mission of the Office of the Inspector General. Statewide travel of about 5% may be required. (5%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of state and federal laws and regulations pertaining to Medicaid and other public assistance programs. Knowledge of state and federal requirements for identification, prevention and reporting of fraud, waste and abuse, including investigative principles, techniques, and procedures of the laws governing the activities regulated by the agency and rules of evidence. Knowledge of social science research methods, statistical techniques, mathematics, rules-based logic, and their application to research analysis. Skill in using EXCEL, Access or other spreadsheet software. Skill in graphical and tabular presentation of data. Skill in verbal and written communications, including clear communication of complex data findings and methodologies. Skill and ability in testifying in hearings and court proceedings. Skill in managing multiple and competing priorities. Skill in working collaboratively and cooperatively with diverse groups and leading a team. Ability to work with cross-functional teams and to communicate effectively with team members. Ability to prioritize task, work under time constraints, and show initiative. Ability to manage, manipulate and analyze complex databases. Ability to develop and interpret statistical data charts and tables. Ability to interpret and present research findings. Ability in conducting investigative analysis; interpreting and applying laws and regulations; conducting interviews and gathering facts; evaluating findings; and preparing accurate, complete and concise reports. Registration or Licensure Requirements: none Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited college or university in a related field or four years or more work and experience with collection, analyses and dissemination of large datasets and experience with research, analysis and interpretation of healthcare and/or social services policy. Experience and high-level proficiency with Microsoft Office Products, particularly Word, Excel and Access. Experience with databases and ad-hoc reports related to health care data; Phoenix, MFADS (FICO-IFM), and Business Objects, is preferred Additional Information: MOS Code: 35F, IT, 23, 02111, 8E000 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.