Are you that person in your friend group who talks others into trying new things they aren’t sure about, and then end up loving and thanking you for? If you can see the best in people and are willing to reach out and help others see their own dreams come to life even before they can imagine them, we have the role for you. Our Customer Services Operations Specialists are experts at building relationships with prospective students and helping ease their fears about going back to school. Just by being willing to find the answers they need or help them begin their path to enrollment, you’ll be making a difference in the life of a future graduate. Sometimes all it takes is setting up an appointment for them to ensure their success! If you’re looking to help others improve their lives and don’t mind talking on the phone, then consider joining Helix Education as a Customer Services Operations Specialist! POSITION OFFICE LOCATION: The office for this particular position is located near the border of Tempe and Phoenix. ABOUT HELIX EDUCATION We understand the serious challenges facing higher education – namely a shift in student demographics, a seemingly chaotic approach to data management, inefficient insights, and restrictive vendor relationships – and know there is a need for bigger, better, and bolder solutions. We offer world class student lifecycle technologies and services that help institutions of higher education leverage data across the student lifecycle and optimize the cost of graduation. Our innovative software solutions are designed to help schools more effectively find, enroll, retain and teach students. At Helix Education, we champion three key values: BOLD – We empower our teams to create and deliver innovative solutions. DRIVEN – We realize our vision through a passionate commitment to action. AUTHENTIC – We are grounded in integrity, transparency and accountability. POSITION OVERVIEW: This position is near the border of Phoenix and Tempe Under general supervision, this position directs and responds to a high volume of inbound and outbound service of information and customer related calls. This position conducts student recruitment activities by contacting prospective students to answer routine inquiries and schedule meetings and appointments. This position is also responsible for properly documenting and tracking customer feedback into company database, providing tier one technical support, and determining when and where calls may need to be routed for escalation or additional information. On a limited basis, this position is responsible for providing information to undergraduate and graduate students regarding admissions and degree completion requirements, as well as enrolling students for partner colleges and universities’ graduate, undergraduate, and certificate programs, requiring the use of judgment and discretion. RESPONSIBILITIES: _The statements made below are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by individuals assigned to this job._ ___This is not an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities associated with the job, and should not be construed as such._ Key Areas of Responsibility Receives inbound and makes outbound calls with the goal of increasing customer satisfaction. Encourages customers to provide information to determine when and where information or calls need to be routed for the purposes of answering questions and providing assistance. Provides technical tier one support for clients’ CMS and troubleshoots technical problems in an effort to resolve problems. Also escalates unsolved technical problems to client Tier II support, and uses ticketing system to document technical support calls. Interfaces with other departments within the organization, navigates the company’s customer information systems, and displays a fundamental knowledge of company, services, and products. On a limited basis answers routine student inquiries to recruit students for graduate and undergraduate programs by calling on prospective students, disseminating approved partner university course information, and enrolling students. On a limited basis disseminates course and program information to new or potential students, requiring the use of judgment and discretion. This includes providing information on admissions, degree options, and requirements as provided by partner colleges and universities. Competently conducts the activities necessary for proper recruitment of undergraduate and graduate students, following established guidelines and standards. May log and track incoming and outgoing telephone calls, as well as, report call volume data to management following established departmental guidelines and procedures. Performs other duties as assigned or apparent. COMPETENCY: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: A general understanding of educational programs offered to perform clerical and administrative support to the student admissions process as described. Experience following oral and written directions as they relate to the functions listed. Experience with basic technical skills and problem solving skills to troubleshoot basic computer issues as they relate to the functions listed. Must have a working knowledge of personal software packages in order to perform enrollment functions. QUALIFICATIONS / EDUCATION: High school diploma or equivalent education required. Bachelor degree preferred. One to two years customer service experience preferred. CERTIFICATES AND LICENSES No certifications and/or licenses needed. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES None TRAVEL Some local travel may be required. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. _This job description is not a contract of employment._ ___Employment with Helix Education is completely voluntary and may be terminated at any time by either the employee or the Company for any lawful reason._