Imagine new horizons: The position of Solution Architect will serve to support the sales team as both the technical expert and consultative advisor to potential new clients of the Quintiq software. A strong technical background, industry expertise, and rigorous time management skills are necessary to succeed in this position. What will your role be? The solutions architect supports at every stage of the pre-sales process. This includes: Organizing and responding to RFX requests Lead discovery sessions to understand the challenges of our customers and translate to potential solution vision and business value. Trusted advisor role providing recommendations for business transformation. Learn and adapt to new industries and new products, staying up to date on all improvements and changes to the Quintiq product suite. Manage short-term development teams when needed for customer workshop and configured demo sessions. Translate customer needs into statement of work format High level of confidence in the technical architecture as well as functional workflows of our solutions. Evaluate what architecture options are best suited for a particular business problem (on-premise, cloud, mobility, offline, etc.) Preparing complex configured demonstrations that involve interaction between multiple clients, servers, mobile devices, and hardware systems. Generating business value assessments and ROI calculations The challenges ahead Travel – varies depending on account volume, average 25%. Compensation – Base salary and commission. Availability – Deliverables for this role are high criticality and high urgency. Sense of ownership and flexibility to adapt to what maximizes probability of closing is expected. Training – Candidate will shadow and learn through observation in conjunction with prepared course material and certifications. Your key success factors? Bachelors+ in a STEM field Years of Work Experience: 8+ Background: Supply chain, optimization, software implementation, pre-sales, manufacturing Competencies: Enterprise business software, technical integration knowledge, public speaking, software sales cycles, software engineering, business case development. Industry experience: Discrete manufacturing, Automotive, Aerospace &Defense, High-tech