How you will help You'll ensure that our clients have the highest quality of data to make their everyday decisions. As a Data Quality Manager, it will be your responsibility to troubleshoot and resolve complex data quality issues. Our team will also rely on you for your expertise with healthcare data and your strong SQL skills. What you will do Analyze all vendor data assets and correct complex data anomalies Provide guidance and support during the vendor on-boarding process which includes data ingestion, normalization, and QC activities Provide expertise on all healthcare data types: medical claims transactions (e.g. 837 and 835), pharmacy claims (NCPDP D.0), EMR/EHR, lab transactions, and other emerging data assets Perform analytics against healthcare data using SQL based programming tools You are … A data geek with enviable SQL skills and a passionate sense of ownership A self-starter who enjoys working in a small, rapidly changing, fast paced environment Confident enough to course correct a process or team when required Methodical, executing through several approaches to determine the best fit Energized by learning even if outside the scope of day-to-day responsibilities Comfortable working on several different tasks throughout your workday Desired skills and experience BS degree in math, statistics, or similar 4+ years’ experience in the healthcare data industry, preferably in a consulting environment Proficient in programming against large data assets with a working knowledge of SQL, preferably also knowledgeable in SAS and/or R Ability to gather requirements, test strategies, design deliverables Subject matter expertise in a wide variety of healthcare data assets Knowledge of the healthcare industry and analytics utilized by pharmaceutical marketing teams Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities Skilled teaching and instruction capability Extensive experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment About HealthVerity HealthVerity, headquartered in Philadelphia, is a venture-backed startup leveraging state-of-the-art technologies to empower healthcare organizations to discover, license and link traditional and emerging data for advanced analytics. By applying modern solutions to longstanding problems, we see a significant opportunity to improve the way our clients engage with patients. This is a unique opportunity to join an experienced and entrepreneurial management team to address a large unmet need and build the industry’s most flexible and scalable cloud platform for large-scale healthcare data. HealthVerity is an equal opportunity employer. Our company challenges Empowering clients with highly rewarding data discovery and licensing tools Ingesting and managing billions of healthcare records from a wide variety of partners Standardizing on common data models across data types Orchestrating an industry-leading HIPAA privacy layer Innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms Building a culture that supports rapid iteration and new possibilities The infrastructure and culture we are building will provide an environment that cultivates innovation. We want to move fast knowing we can fix anything we break along the way. If a new need arises, we want to turn around a solution quickly. We want to solve our challenges in ways that create even more possibilities. We’re creating a platform that lets us discover what else we might do. We have big plans We are building a platform that will scale to support an ever-growing array of data providers and innovative products. You must be able to think big while still delivering on near-term requirements. HealthVerity is an equal opportunity employer.