JOB SUMMARY: With only general guidance, provides _leadership_ for quality support on assigned projects to ensure that the project equipment is designed, procured, and installed in accordance with customer and company quality requirements. Provides leadership for new systems development, proposals, implementation, procedures, and any related quality activity. Makes frequent decisions using sound quality principles and professional independent judgment, and has the ability to perform as a job leader. WORK PERFORMED: Guides project teams in understanding Quality contributions to the project. Participates in or conducts project meetings – PMT, Client or Quality Team. Develops and assures execution of the Project Quality Plan including internal audits, regulatory planning, facilitation of Lessons Learned, etc. Provides other client support such as periodic reporting of progress or handling ad hoc client inquiries. Aids in the development and approval of project procedures. Provides quality training & awareness on quality activities planned for the project. Assures there is a system for criticality ratings and surveillance for procured items. Provides document review including technical specifications, RFQ, purchase order packages, SDRLs, and data books. Assures pre-production systems are in place prior to fabrication or construction. Executes internal project audits. Performs surveillances on engineering deliverables quality. Implements an effective corrective and preventive action system. Reviews and approves vendor quality systems and audits compliance. Monitors compliance to risk management and change management systems. Tracks and coordinates waiver requests. Coordinates with QC to monitor fabrication including review of NCRs, ITPs, and Inspection Reports. Collects and reports quality indicators for company-wide aggregation. Reviews and analyzes project data to identify improvement opportunities. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Has working knowledge of the oil & gas industry in onshore and offshore. BS degree in Engineering or related field plus 5 -15 years’ work experience within a formal Quality Management System is preferred. 15 - 20 years’ experience with in oil & gas with EPC/EPIC project experience. Quality System Auditor/Lead Auditor certification or equivalent. SKILLS: Possesses strong organizational and facilitation skills Able to work in a fast-paced, high performance team environment with only general supervision Able to multi-task; manage nearly all projects from start to finish; and assist on tasks for a very large project under the supervision of a Project QA Manager or Department Quality Manager. Proficient in MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint and databases Demonstrates professional people skills; has excellent communication and problem-solving skills Possesses intermediate knowledge and skills on the QA Knowledge and Skill Profile Begins to acquire additional Quality Assurance skills from the QA Knowledge and Skill Profile