Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Job Summary: The Sr. HR Generalist is responsible for human resources support including HR reporting & data analysis, project management and HR Business Partner support for Xfinity Mobile, Comcast's wireless business. This role will also provide some analytical and project support for the broader Consumer Services HR team which including Xfinity Services, Sales & Marketing, Digital Center of Excellence and EBI. By leveraging strong analytical skills and an understanding of the business context, the Sr Human Resources Generalist will provide action-oriented analyses and support to our HR organization and our business leaders. The ideal candidate is detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and a strong project manager.Core Responsibilities: - Assists in the design and execution of all HR programs and processes including talent acquisition, onboarding, performance management, talent development, compensation administration, and training; provides direction and support to people leaders and employees on same.- Full responsibility for managing small to medium-sized projects. Provide assistance for large-scale projects and initiatives. Projects include, but not are not limited to performance management, annual employee engagement survey process, talent management, etc.- Provide data analysis and support including employee turnover, headcount, labor activity, etc.- Provide reporting and follow- through support for all HR and business processes including headcount rosters, mandatory training, performance management, United Way, Comcast Cares Day, etc.- Perform aggregation and analysis of annual compensation process working with guidance from Corporate Compensation CoE. Provide analysis and modeling of merit increase matrix, pool spend and comp differentiation. Provide ad hoc compensation analysis as needed outside of the annual process.- Develop and manage annual calendar of HR operational items.- Assist HR business partners in variety of duties including talent acquisition, best practice research, organizational design/planning.- Develop a variety of communications materials for client groups including, HR and org announcements, learning series presentations and toolkits.- May be asked to investigate employee complaints and assist in the resolution of employee issues.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Skills/Qualifications/Experience: - Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent. Quantitative majors such as engineering, math, finance, & economics preferred- Generally requires 5-7 years of relevant work experience.- Expert in Microsoft Excel, and highly developed skills in Word, and PowerPoint. Able to extract data from various systems, perform complex data analysis with large data sets including modeling, graphing, and statistics, and data visualization- Detail-oriented and able to produce accurate reporting and analysis.- Strong organizational, prioritization, critical thinking, analytical, and written/verbal communication skills with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.- Demonstrated track record in effectively interacting with multiple levels of employees, including leaders/managers in a corporate environment. Able to build strong relationships.- High degree of judgment, professional maturity, integrity, credibility. Able to maintain high level of confidentiality.- Self-motivated and able to work independently with a process improvement mindset- Team- oriented and works well in a collaborative environment.- Strong work ethic and able to meet deadlines/commitments.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work beyond normal business day as necessary. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer