At Presidio, we think, architect, implement and support the practical reality of IT every day. We bring together the best minds in the industry to deliver IT excellence and support the answers to our clients’ IT challenges. As one of the largest IT-as-a-Service solution providers in the U.S., we combine experience and stability with regional expertise and the unique ability to cover local and global business needs. For more information about Presidio visit our website at www.presidio.com Presidio is seeking candidates for a Network Operations (NOC) Technician position within our Managed Services division. This position will be responsible for daily administrative tasks related to our client’s environment. This is an ideal position for an individual that is looking to gain more experience in the IT field. Presidio provides all employees with a Career Plan that is specifically designed from the individuals’ strengths and interests for future growth within the company. Required Skills: Manage and respond to electronic alerts, notifications, and changes to client environments. Assist with Onboarding clients into our Managed Services. Assist with recurring patch management related tasks to client environments. Provide remote support. Provide internal IT Support as needed. Provide support during off hours. Documentation and article submission to the Knowledge Base. Create, update and complete tickets in a timely manner. Provide phone support as needed. Obtain certifications and/or maintain current certifications on various products offered by Presidio. Required Experience: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and/or military experience Minimum of 1+ years of experience working in IT or IT professional services industry. 2 year degree in a computer related field is preferred. Experience supporting Microsoft Windows OS 7 or higher. Experience supporting Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, Lync). Experience with Microsoft servers OS 2008-2012 and Active Directory administration. Experience with patch management administration. Administration experience with Backup software. Experience monitoring IT environments. Configuring alerts Responding to alerts and remediation. Experience with Antivirus administration. Experience administering cloud services. Ability to troubleshoot general networking issues (DHCP, DNS, etc.) Administration experience with mobile devices/Smartphones and tablets (iPad, Android, Blackberry, etc.) Experience with a managed services provider is a plus. Experience with Kaseya and/or ServiceNow is a plus. Presidio, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/ VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, please visit: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance. Presidio, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services; please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Presidio has a strict PSL in place and will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through the Presidio portal. Candidate Resumes/CV's not submitted through the Presidio portal or submitted directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and will be treated as gifts and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation. LI-KF1 CB_DM