Job Code 403058 IT Support Assistant II Duties & Responsibilities Primary responsibility is to provide technical assistance to all instructors and students. The focus of this position is to assist users with basic computer operations, hardware, software and management of academic data locally or remotely. Report the daily performance of computers, printer maintenance, class schedule and special instructional computer set-up prior to class. Perform basic office duties by up keeping the appearance of the front desk, greet users as they enter the facility (control access), provide direction to classrooms and advise computer availability while classes are in session. Independently authorize or determine whether a user can or cannot use the facility base on the user private document, identity verification and affiliation to the University. Duties and Responsibilities: Assist with Ghost, Deep Freeze and Anti-Executionable to image lab and staff computers. Software update, security update and software installation. Test program, troubleshoot, diagnose problems and implement actions. Proactively reviewing syllabus technical requirement and report findings to management. Maintain inventory and communicate with others on the location of all mobile computers. Troubleshoot computer hardware, software, network connectivity, etc. Provide technical support to all faculty, student and library staff in person or remotely. Monitor computer performance to ensure minimal downtime. Insure neatness and security of all machines to prevent theft. Monitor students within the lab to insure appropriate code of conduct and policies are enforced. Working with Papercut printing server administrators to monitor printing problems. Replace toners, papers, and monitor queue for malformed private documents by students. Assist students with FAS email registration and wireless registration of all devices. Open/Close computer facility in accordance with lab policy and Harvard Police department policy. Write detail report on lab performance at opening and closing. Assist with reviewing all support and training material to help student and staff. Class announcement in order for student to evacuate schedule classes. IT Documentation update, monitor and edit. Virtual lab maintenance update Laptop leasing to students. Software key server manager Basic Qualifications Two years experience with Mac and Windows computer platforms, along with all Office Suite applications. Education beyond high school may count towards experience. Additional Qualifications Must be able to work independently as well as part of a team. Superb customer service a must. Ability to communicate with students, faculty, and staff. Must be able to determine when to escalate challenges to upper management. Should be familiar with: Office Suite, Window, MAC, Eset Antivirus, Malwarebytes, TCP/IP Commands, Remote Desktop, Clonzilla, Symantec Ghost, Deep Freeze, AntiExecutable, Papercut printer management, OSTicketing system and wiki tools. Additional Information The Division of Continuing Education (DCE) comprises several entities including the Harvard Extension School, the Harvard Summer School, the Harvard Professional Development Programs and the Harvard Institute for Learning in Retirement. For more than a century, Harvard Extension School has made Harvard faculty and teaching accessible to a diverse community of local, national, and international students. Harvard Extension School enrolls approximately 13,000 students per year in approximately 65 liberal arts and professional fields. More than 650 open enrollment online and classroom courses are offered at affordable prices to our communities across the world. Harvard Summer School offers approximately 300 courses on the Harvard Campus to 6,000 secondary school, college and adult learners and more than 30 international study abroad programs for up to 600 students each summer. The Division also includes the Harvard Institute for Learning in Retirement with approximately 550 active members and Harvard Professional Development Programs offering about 60 two- day, noncredit courses annually. All formal written offers will be made by FAS Human Resources. Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Division of Continuing Education Time Status Full-time Union 55 - Hvd Union Cler & Tech Workers Salary Grade 053 Pre-Employment Screening Identity Schedule 35 hours per week. Schedule is Sunday - Thursday 2pm - 10pm. Must be able to work nights and weekends. This position is eligible for a shift differential. EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.