Customer Technology Enhancement Specialist \- (180003R6) The Customer Technology Enhancement Specialist (CTES) is responsible for supporting and maintaining new technology as it’s rolled out into the environment. This person will also be responsible for training and educating all customers on the use and operation of the applications and devices. This role will be the internal expert from the customer’s perspective, knowing the tools capabilities and features inside and out. Responsible for identifying business needs and recommending improvements and needs that will help bring value to the company in its use of the technology. The CTES subject matter expert works directly with the Executive admins, Client Executives, Enterprise Services Sales, Consulting and the Engineering organization to provide expertise and support within the organization. These include Virtual Meetings, Verizon Event Center, Meeting & Huddle Room technologies, collaboration services, all use of hardware. 3rd party partners for solutions/support (e.g. warranty/repair, Intelligent Lockers, AV/IT Installers, integrations software and other supporting vendors). Qualifications Bachelor degree preferred or equivalent experience in related field. Must be able to work with high-level executives. Strong communication skills is a must. Customer centric attitude and strong customer service skills required. Must have proven capability and experience working in the AV industry, and video conference. Must have excellent presentation skills Must be experienced in setting goals by defining and prioritizing specific, realistic objectives. LI - AF FB-AF Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Information Technology Scope : Country Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : P&T;_Enterprise IT Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Jul 26, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class