As a FP&A; Manager, you will be a key business partner for the sales organization. You’ll partner and collaborate across the respective sales and retail marketing teams to drive and influence sales and marketing initiatives. You will provide a variety of support with key responsibilities including monthly P&L; forecasting, customer profitability, ROI analysis, SKU profitability, and promotional tracking. You will actively interpret and review financial results with finance and sales leadership teams, including trends/issues and opportunities, to drive actionable responses and to ensure alignment with Murad’s strategic plan. RESPONSIBILITIES: Proactively identify and lead the analysis that aids in the decision-making process and helps drive a sales and profit driven mindset Lead efforts to identify, drive and track efficiency/productivity opportunities across professional and international businesses Monitor and report monthly performance against budgets, forecasts, and/or prior year at channel level Actively interpret and review financial results with financial and sales leadership, including trends/issues and opportunities, to drive actionable responses. Leverage Oracle PBCS for updating forecast each month and distributing ad-hoc reports and financial models as needed Create value through promotional tracking and return on investment (ROI) analysis Assist Finance leadership with integration projects and other ad-hoc projects as required ATTRIBUTES: Comfortable working in ambiguous environments and demonstrated ability to manage multiple, competing priorities Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills while being independent and resourceful Demonstrated ability to complete quantitative and qualitative analysis Self-motivated & goal-oriented with superior work ethic Strong communication skills, ability to communicate complex concepts and ideas in a simple way Attention to detail and accuracy Ability to work under pressure, multi-task, & prioritize work Team oriented Experience with Oracle EBS, Oracle BI and Oracle PBCS (Hyperion Planning/SmartView) Working knowledge of SQL/Tableau a plus but not required Comfort working with large data sets Advanced level of skills with MS Office Suite, particularly Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint Strong trouble shooting skills EXPERIENCE /EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: Experience with consumer products strongly preferred Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field required 5+ years of applicable experience in financial planning and analysis About Murad: America’s leading doctor brand preserves beautiful skin from the inside out. Murad is the epicenter of next-generation skincare renowned for innovation, backed by clinical proof, awarded for performance, recognized for industry firsts, and inspired by a global demand for Doctor-developed products. Skincare is healthcare: Dr. Murad’s revolutionary philosophy made more than 30 years ago is our purpose. As a Board-certified Dermatologist, trained Pharmacist and author, Dr. Murad happily and humbly captains a culture committed to beautiful skin through whole-body health. This is an exciting time to join the Murad family as we chart our next industry first, Connected Beauty: Cutting-edge formulas connect with proven lifestyle practices and professional care for physical, psychological and cultural health. We walk the walk with bright, “eyes up” meeting spaces, ingredient technology advances for global skincare challenges, purposeful goals and philanthropic opportunities. Join the team and experience how a Connected Life is a Beautiful Life. Look us up on www.murad.com At Murad, we believe diverse teams drive business results and create a better future every day for our employees, consumers, partners, and communities. We want diversity of thought on every single team to make better decisions, launch ground break innovations, and challenge the status quo to unlock growth. Equal Opportunity| Affirmative Action Employer Minorities| Females| Protected Veterans| Persons with Disabilities