Are you a multimedia guru with a passion for creating highly creative training experiences? Are you ready to use those skills to influence the learning landscape of an evolving, growing organization? Citadel is one of Greater Philadelphia’s largest, locally-owned financial institutions that provides banking, investments, and insurance services to more than 200,000 customers. Recently, Citadel ranked number one among all credit unions in the nation for providing value to customers. And, with more than $3 billion in assets, we’re one of the best-performing credit unions in America. Description As a Multimedia Learning Developer, your strength is creating effective digital learning experiences in a fast-paced environment. You thrive at the intersection of multimedia development and sound learning design. Tight deadlines don’t scare you. That’s because you’re efficient at developing interactive learning content that blends imaginative video, audio, and graphical content that truly engages the learner. Your sophisticated Adobe Creative Cloud skills lead to fun, memorable elearning and blended learning deliverables that have a measurable impact on employee performance. You have an eye for great design and a proven track record of demonstrating strong visual communication skills your end products. Most importantly, you’re energized by bringing fresh ideas to complex training initiatives that inspire employees and support a culture of learning. Duties and Responsibilities Collaborates with training team to identify sound uses of multimedia in diverse learning experiences Performs training needs assessments to recommend measurable, innovative multimedia learning solutions Consults with subject matter experts (SMEs) to gain insight and buy-in of proposed multimedia learning solutions Applies adult learning principles to the development and delivery of engaging elearning, videos, audio narration, and various multimedia projects Capably uses audio/video production equipment and software to create high-quality, compelling video-based learning experiences (using a DSLR video camera, tripod, lighting kit, microphones, green screen, etc.) Storyboards content and writes scripts for video-based training productions Manages multiple training and development projects simultaneously Manages the company’s audio/video equipment and stock photos/audio/video Researches and recommends learning technologies to support the company’s needs Grounds decisions in data, facts, and sound reason Mentors instructional design colleagues on multimedia development skills and concepts Provides thought leadership on multimedia learning best practice and demonstrates strong interpersonal skills Qualifications and Education Requirements Required Work Experience \- 3 years of multimedia learning development and instructional design experience in a corporate training environment. Preferred Work Experience \- 5 years of multimedia learning development and instructional design experience in a corporate sales/service training environment. Education \- Bachelors degree Required Technical Knowledge Adult learning theory Instructional design models, preferably ADDIE Adobe Creative Cloud, especially Premiere, Audition, Captivate, Animate, Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, and Acrobat Pro Articulate Storyline Basic video production pre- through post- Green screen video production Preferred Microlearning design and development Mobile learning design and development Responsive web design HTML5, JavaScript, CSS Adobe After Effects CC Adobe Dreamweaver CC