We are Sisense: Sisense is leading innovation in the agile business analytics market. Our innovation is designed to help business users easily and instantly get the answers they need from complex data. Sisense’s end-to-end, Single-Stack™ solution and subscription-based pricing make it easy to connect to data, get up and running instantly and deliver fast results. With our innovation, ease- of-use, and obsession for customer success, we have gained recognition from peers and market analysts such as Gartner, G2 Crowd, Dresner, and Forbes. Sisense is the only BI software provider that offers a full proof of concept (POC) on the customer’s data in just 90 minutes, making us the ideal solution for startups and global brands like GE, Wix, Nasdaq, Fujitsu, Airbus, Skullcandy, and Philips. What Are We Looking For? Account Executives at Sisense are hunters, focused and well-organized individuals, and will join our inside sales team in Scottsdale, AZ, selling to mid market, commercial and enterprise organizations across the US market. You must be comfortable qualifying prospects, demonstrating the solution and closing sales over the phone. The superior candidate will demonstrate core traits of ambition, resilience in the face of adversity, genuine curiosity about customer’s business needs and ability to custom tailor solutions for a variety of scenarios. You must be able to deliver Sisense's unique value proposition in a way that is compelling and relevant to a prospect's specific requirements. What You'll Do? Exceed Yearly 800K-1MM ACV sales quota within prospect accounts Be responsible for cold calling into your assigned territory and generate interest from prospects through telemarketing campaigns Thorough and proper qualification of customer needs and requirements Sell the ROI of the Data Visualization solutions we provide to potential clients Tenaciously follow-through and prioritize client needs in relation to sales opportunities for the company Become a Sisense product expert and conduct product demonstrations to interested prospects via our web based conferencing tools You will become an expert of the Business Intelligence market and learn how to position Sisense relative to competing alternatives. Requirements: What Should You Have? Minimum 4-6 years of SaaS/cloud inside sales experience (remote sales) Proven over achievement record with SaaS/Cloud inside sales to the US market Excellent phone & email & social communication skills Understanding of the business drivers and buying process in enterprise customers Documented success converting leads into sales revenue Knowledge of salesforce.com BONUS Business Intelligence experience BONUS Sisense is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other protected class. We only care that you embody the Sisense DNA which is Teamwork , a " Can-Do" Attitude , Drive to Win , Creativity and the Fight to help our clients succeed. Group: Sales Position Type: New