Position Summary The Enterprise Data Governance and Management (EDGM) Organization is looking for an experienced Data Analyst/Project Manager that enables us to successfully deliver on objectives and build long term operational capabilities. The Solution Design & Delivery team within EDGM is responsible for driving and overseeing the execution of the data analysis and solutions required to support the adoption of data governance, data quality and Master Data Management (MDM) data services. Responsibilities : Design, implementation and documentation of initiatives related to creating cross reference utilities to support multiple business teams. Utilize data analytics and visualization tools to gather, process and report on data across complex, multi-dimensional relationships Lead team of data analysts to ensure they follow proper SDLC and guiding principles as defined by data governance standards. Help grow the pool of data analysts and advance their exposure and knowledge. Ensure data privacy and security needs are met Collaborate with Data Governance and support their objective with data architecture and delivery oversight. Apply strong data architecture and data management best practices across the end-to-end implementation. Document data integration standards and approach across related applications and data provider platform and sources systems. Ensure and document data architecture artifacts with industry best practice. Provide data architecture oversight and guidance to the project teams. Create/maintain the data model in collaboration with the project teams. Create business view of data, LDM and PDM. Identify and recommend any data constraints and mitigation approach. Selection of capabilities and systems to meet business information needs. Data Analysis and Design, Data Dictionary, Database Design, Data Integration with Standards and Best Practice for Data Warehousing Skilled in the design and validation of tools and processes to identify and apply entity hierarchies to financial data Monitor project progress and take appropriate actions to ensure work items are delivered on time and on budget Partner with IT in delivering systems and corresponding procedures that support stakeholders Understand organizational context and be able to identify and engage relevant stakeholders to remove barriers Coordinate overall project communications, risks, and issues resolution Manage global teams through direct lines and more importantly indirect influence Develop deep partnerships across business areas Requirements Ability to liaise between the business and technology teams Strong collaboration and relationship management skills Strong problem solver Excellent management and leadership skills Very strong relationship management with demonstrated ability to work across business lines Strong communication, influencing, and collaboration skills Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal and organizational skills to facilitate interoperability and integration efforts across multiple Business Units 8+ years of experience, 3+ years of data modeling and architecture