Job Description The Secirty Engineer - Data Protection will work as a member of the Global Information Security team whose team is focused on improving decision-making through collaboration with management, staff and customers on technology strategy, enterprise architecture, and investments in strategic technology. Indispensable Skills Expertise in data-protection mechanisms including an in understanding of cryptographic algorithms such as AES, 3DES, RSA, ECC, SHA etc. Big Data Security including Hadoop security and emerging technologies such as in-memory and NoSQL. Expertise in data-protection software and hardware solutions including Application, Database, and File level encryption and tokenization solutions. Native database protection solutions. Segregation of duties implementations for databases. Experience in best-of-breed data retention policies. Experience in data exfiltration techniques and detection and response tools and strategies. Strong experience in Threat Modeling of complex security systems. Experience in delivering comprehensive architecture specifications for complex security. Job Responsibilities Manage the life cycle of security technologies. Works closely with the other technology architects to ensure that security is properly provisioned in their technology domains. Assist other technology architects in defining the variance processes and making variance decisions. Evaluates and assess risk as part of the life-cycle analysis. Creation and maintenance of enterprise security standards applicable to all technologies in the portfolio. Participates in management of customer satisfaction, best practices and benchmarking Assists in the evaluation of overall risk for IT systems and the data they contain and process, accounting for the people, processes, and technologies that provide security controls. Assists in the audit process. Advises leadership on Information Security issues, systems, processes, products, and services. Maintains oversight of the design and implementation of IT systems to ensure appropriate and effective security controls are included. Qualifications BS in computer science with 3 years of experience OR MS in computer science Demonstrated ability to integrate various security & data protection technologies and controls into a cohesive architecture that sufficiently mitigates risk to the company. Deep technical understanding and experience with security technologies including data encryption, intrusion detection/prevention, event correlation, secure application development, etc. Thorough understanding of the security controls provided in common platforms and applications in the corporate environment including Unix, Linux, Windows, IBM Mainframe (zTPF, MVS), Oracle, MS SQL Server Microsoft Outlook, J2EE and .NET applications, etc. Familiarity with hosted and cloud services, especially Seas and Iasi services, and the related security implications and control approaches. Experience with applicable control frameworks and compliance mandates. Solid problem solving and analytical skills Ability to communicate clearly end effectively with the technical and business stakeholders. Self-motivated without the need for signification management oversight Strong analytical and conceptual skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.