_Science and Technology on a Mission!_ For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place. We have an opening for a Mac and/or Windows system administrator to provide computer support for unclassified and/or classified systems in a heterogeneous environment to solve a variety of complex technical problems in a timely manner. You will be responsible for installing, configuring, securing and maintaining systems, as well as loading layered products and troubleshooting system problems. This position is in the Information Technology Operations (ITO) Division matrixed to the National Ignition Facility (NIF) Computer Support Unit (CSU) in the Computation Directorate. This position will be filled at either the 593.2 or 593.3 level depending on your qualifications. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if you are selected at the higher level. Essential Duties Install new computer system hardware and upgrades. Install and configure printers and other peripherals. Install and configure operating systems, computer security and applications software. Secure computer systems and monitor to ensure that they are in compliance with Department of Energy (DOE) – mandated orders. Diagnose and resolve moderately complex system, printer, and network problems. Provide technical assistance to the user community. Maintain appropriate technology, computer security, and safety training. Perform other duties as assigned. In Addition at the 593.3 Level Perform complex installations and configurations. Diagnose and resolve complex system and network-related problems. Provide advanced technical assistance to the user community. Qualifications Associate’s Degree in a computer-related field or equivalent combination of technical training and experience. General working knowledge of desktop and/or server computer hardware and operating systems (viz., Mac OS and/or Windows OS). Experience and knowledge of administering, troubleshooting, maintaining, and repairing Apple and/or Windows computer systems. Experience with and knowledge of the skills needed for a customer support role to include a focus on listening, rapport-building, good communication skills, friendly and approachable nature, and courtesy and patience. Effective interpersonal and verbal and written communications skills, with the ability to interact with customers and team members. Experience with and knowledge of Mac and/or Windows computer security protocols to manage user accounts, as well as control and monitor access. In Addition at the 593.3 Level Advanced knowledge of Mac and/or Windows operating systems and associated computer hardware. Significant experience developing tools and utilities. Significant experience resolving complex system and network-related problems. Desired Qualifications Professional computer certification (e.g., MCSA, MCSE, CompTIA A+, ACSP). Experience securing computer systems, writing security plans, and monitoring activity to ensure compliance with DOE mandated orders. General working knowledge of network hardware, software, protocols, and principles. Pre-Employment Drug Test: External applicant(s) selected for this position will be required to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test. Security Clearance: This position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level clearance. If you are selected, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. Q-level clearance requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold multiple citizenships (U.S. and another country), you may be required to renounce your non-U.S. citizenship before a DOE L or Q clearance will be processed/granted. Note: This is a Career Indefinite position. Lab employees and external candidates may be considered for this position. About Us Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), located in the San Francisco Bay Area (East Bay), is a premier applied science laboratory that is part of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) within the Department of Energy (DOE). LLNL's mission is strengthening national security by developing and applying cutting-edge science, technology, and engineering that respond with vision, quality, integrity, and technical excellence to scientific issues of national importance. The Laboratory has a current annual budget of about $1.8 billion, employing approximately 6,500 employees. LLNL is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.