MaassMedia, a boutique digital analytics firm headquartered in Philadelphia, PA is looking for a Digital Analyst to assist in all duties related to digital analytics for our client projects. Must be capable of wearing many hats, including client communication, project management, reporting, troubleshooting and data analysis. The right candidate will have a bright, inquisitive, analytical mind, a flair for marketing, a head for numbers and an understanding of everything internet. This individual also sets high standards for his or herself, has a strong work ethic and cares deeply about striving for excellence Responsibilities: Maintain superior client relationships. Work with account team to fully understand client brands, goals, strategies and tactics. Assist in implementation, reporting and analysis projects across a full range of client engagements. Assist in custom web analytics assessments, development and implementation projects for client website, mobile app and campaign projects which consist of requirements gathering and solution design, to implementation, QA and deployment. Conduct tag audits to identify tracking gaps/inconsistencies and solve technical implementation/tracking issues using debugging tools (Charles, ObservePoint, etc.) Proactively contribute to the continuous development and enhancement of client tracking, data collection and reporting capabilities. Use analytics software to identify trends, new ideas and marketing opportunities for improving client e-marketing performance. Deliver presentations to clients on key insights, outcomes and recommendations. Help establish MaassMedia and an industry thought-leader in the areas of e-marketing analytics, business intelligence, reporting and measurement. Minimum Qualifications: BA/BS 1-2 years experience as a Digital Analyst Willing to travel 10 -20% of the time as needed Beginning knowledge of digital analytics tools such as Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics Knowledge of visualization tools such as Tableau, Domo, Power BI, etc Excellent organizational skills with very strong attention to detail In-depth understanding of how people use and interact with the Internet Familiarity with e-commerce, online advertising, SEO, email marketing, mobile and use of social media Excellent writing, presentation & communication skills Able to take initiative Able to multi task and work independently in a fast-pace, consulting environment No phone calls, please. MaassMedia is an equal opportunity employer.