Overview Provide support, development, and business intelligence analysis for the applications, programs and reporting methodologies used at WuXi AppTec. This role will also support industry-specific database server testing, software, and web applications and provide escalated support and software mentoring. Responsibilities Analyze, create, and deploy reports using BI Reporting solutions that include but are not limited to Microsoft Reporting Services and Crystal Reports. Perform analysis to provide continuous improvement to business applications and reports. Provide all applicable documentation as necessary. Write and support data integrations / ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) using database tools. Assist with analysis on optimization and database design elements of the application development process. Provide technical support and analysis on business applications that include but are not limited to _(will be either SAP Business One or Oracle ERP Cloud)_ , STARLIMS, Microsoft Dynamics GP and CRM, Microsoft BI tools, Crystal Reports, and third party tools connected to _(will be either SAP HANA or Oracle Cloud databases)_. Assist with creation of database and reporting specifications using system analysis techniques and methods. Provide documentation of system requirements and technical designs. Work with team members to verify applications and reports are properly tested. Analyze and document business requirements and specifications in collaboration with business departments to accomplish their desired results. Works on routine assignments per written procedures, where ability to recognize deviation from accepted practice is required. Normally receives minimal instructions on routine work and detailed instructions on new assignments May be required to work Holidays and weekends _Contributes to the overall operations and to the achievement of departmental goals_ _Perform job specific tasks in compliance with applicable Regulations, International Standards, and WuXi AppTec Policies and Standard Operating Procedures._ _Thorough understanding of Good Laboratory Practices and Good Manufacturing Practices_ _Other duties as assigned_ _May be required to assist in other departments_ Qualifications Experience / Education: 4 years of relevant experience or equivalent Bachelors’ degree or equivalent experience Knowledge / Skills / Abilities: 2 years of experience working with reporting tools and gathering requirements from users Previous experience supporting major business applications Previous experience supporting large scale ERP/WMS/MRP systems _(will be either SAP Business One or Oracle ERP Cloud)_ Experience with various SQL platforms Troubleshooting skills Ability to communicate with all levels of the organization Ability to work well within a team environment and independently as required Proficient in Oral & Written communication skills Proficient in Microsoft (Excel, Word, Outlook) _Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled_