The Security Specialist is a versatile role providing security assessment, advice, coordination and monitoring support to clients as part of a 24-7 regional security operations capability. The Security Specialist is responsible for the day-to-day delivery of high- quality travel security assessments and advice to organizations and their employees as well as specific support to the aviation industry. The Security Specialist will provide security advice to clients and will support client situational awareness by scanning for, reporting and escalating developing regional and aviation security issues. The Security Specialist reports to the Security Operations Manager. B. Key Responsibilities Client Support: Delivery of best-in-class tailored verbal and written regional and aviation security assessments to a multinational client base operating globally. Collect, analyze, and disseminate security issues affecting client organizations and the aviation industry in line with guidance from regional and functional analysts, including monitoring key crisis escalation indicators. Maintain continuous awareness of the regional and aviation security environment through detailed research in line with regional and industry priorities. Monitor clients travelling in complex working environments using innovative technology Deliver security training and consulting as required. Travel to countries in the Americas region to assess the current security situation and develop local information and assistance capabilities to further support clients. Personal Development Develop a thorough understanding of all current events affecting regional / global business travel and the aviation industry and learn the approach to providing written and verbal advice and briefs to clients. Become fully conversant with and follow all work-related systems and procedures. C. Job Profile Required Skills and Knowledge Interest in international affairs and the global security environment. Willingness to work outside of normal duty hours, in support of team operations, particularly in time of crisis or emergency. Knowledge of the political and security issues in particular regions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills including ability to explain complex situations to non-expert audiences. Interpersonal skills. International experience (work and personal). Strong IT skills including Microsoft Office Suite and other applications. Required Competencies Excellent interpersonal and networking skills and demonstrated intercultural understanding. Presenting and communicating information, both written and verbal. Research and analytical skills. Well organized proactive individual with demonstrated ability to work to deadlines, with excellent attention to detail. Delivering results and meeting customer expectations. Following instructions and procedures. Managing stress and setbacks. Desirable Work Experience Proven experience in travel- or security-related field, such as military, government, NGO, or journalism; or relevant academic studies. Experience in the aviation sector. Experience in writing for senior management and business decision-makers. Customer service/ client facing experience including sales. Additional Critical Qualities Ability to work as part of a team. Ability to learn and adapt to new procedures and operating protocols. Ability to communicate clearly and sensitively with colleagues from different cultures and ethnic backgrounds. Ability to maintain high professional standards at all times. Qualifications Degree-level qualification in political science, risk management, security studies, international relations or related subject, or equivalent work experience. Post-graduate qualification in political science, risk management, security studies, international relations or related subject or equivalent work experience desirable. Required Languages Excellent English (spoken and written). Effective operational proficiency or advanced proficiency in Spanish or Portuguese. Travel / Rotation Requirements Flexible working hours and shift work are required including some nights, weekends and holidays. Travel dependent on business needs but should not exceed 10% of work hours. _International SOS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against employees or job applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws_ _._