Foreman \- (18000142) Foreman ABOUT US: Established in 1946, Bergelectric Corp. has made its mark on the construction industry by providing the highest quality electrical and technology systems. We are one of the largest, privately held, electrical contractors in the United States. During the last decade, Engineering News Record (ENR) has consistently ranked us among the top 20 specialty contractors. We offer competitive salaries and a range of benefits including, but not limited to; comprehensive medical benefit packages, Paid Time Off, 401(k) and a pension plan. OVERVIEW: Function as a Foreman for Bergelectric Corp.; monitoring installations and ensuring work is performed according to Bergelectric Corp. standards and project specifications. Work cooperatively with the general contractor and/or customer in managing the project, project schedule and employees. Responsible for maintaining productivity, safety, quality control, labor cost, scheduling, movement of manpower, procurement of materials and any other activities impacting the successful completion of the project. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Achieve Bergelectric Corp. productivity objectives by effectively managing and assigning tasks to crew members, while maintaining an accurate labor tracking log. Establish project goals and monitor success in reaching those objectives on an ongoing basis. Manage purchase orders and ensure ordered materials are received while adhering to bulk buy material procedures. Adhere to project contract document changes and Bergelectric Corp. change order notice-to-proceed policies. Fully utilize a prefabrication facility and company-wide installation methods and policies. Ensure the proper safety equipment, materials and tools are onsite to perform required work. Provident Superintendent(s) with sufficient notice of any crew changes. Utilize a proactive approach to anticipate and resolve potential issues. Ensure crew members start and finish work shift on time; Maintain proper meal/break times as per Employee Handbook and as legally required per local labor laws and regulations. Conduct effective performance evaluations of crew members. Maintain complete and accurate “as-builts” as per Bergelectric Corp. procedures and project requirements. Communicate effectively with a wide range of individuals including project owners, architects, general contractors, management, crew members, etc. Ensure all work performed meets with NEC, federal, state, county, local codes and contract documents. Adhere to all Bergelectric Corp., state and federal safety policies and procedures. Ensure compliance with all policies and procedures included in the Bergelectric Corp. Employee Handbook. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: A minimum of two to four years of field experience working as a Journeyman Electrician. Must hold a current Journeyman Wireman license (if required by the applicable state, city or county). Demonstrated ability to effectively order and track materials, perform cost projections and develop “as builts”. Strong, first-hand knowledge and experience related to scheduling, material lead times, product knowledge and installation durations. Solid understanding of the electrical codes and installation methods. Well-versed in the installation of power systems: lighting, fire protection, security and data networks. Knowledgeable regarding the build, installation and maintenance of control panels Comfortable utilizing Electrical Single Line blueprints. Experience in verifying the compliance and functionality of installations Knowledgeable in the identification and repair of faults in electrical apparatus and circuits. PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT: Physical Demands: The employee may require the ability to do the following: Lift 50 lbs from ground and pull 50 lbs of force. Perform ladder climbing, wire pulling and conduit pulling. Fully squat, stoop or kneel while wearing a 25 lb tool belt. Maintain a standing position for long periods of time while performing repetitive actions such as grasping or manipulating wires. Work off of ladders, man lifts or reach booms. Working Environment: While performing duties of this job, the employee may be exposed to: A variety of weather conditions including cold, snow, rain, heat, etc. High noise levels The above job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work to be performed; it is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for the position. Employment is contingent upon the individual maintaining a current Journeyman Wireman License (if required by the applicable state, city or county). Bergelectric Corp. is an equal opportunity employer that sees diversity as a positive force in a drug-free workplace. We encourage minorities, women, veterans and disabled individuals to apply. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled/VEVRAA Contractor Primary Location TX-Austin Job Foreman Schedule Full-time Travel Yes, 25 % of the Time