Overview Do you have a passion for designing the flawless system for our customers? The Data Center Technician (DCT) plays a key role in FusionStorm’s Integration Center, guiding the flow of physical technology products through the warehouse and the integration center, where products are crafted, racked, stacked, configured, and tested to meet specific customer needs. DCTs work with little or minimal direction, handling products and updating associated information systems for the following business functions: receiving, cycle counting, kitting, inventory, picking, benching, un-benching, packing, shipping, asset management, pre-stage rack and stack activities, and programming and configuration of automation programs as required by customers. Responsibilities Racking: Ability to read Rack Elevation, Rack and stack servers, network hardware, and accessories. Cable Matrix: Ability to read and interpret cable matrix to correctly lace cables port to port. Labeling: Ability to operate cable labeling machine and apply label onto cables per customer standards. Asset Tracking: Keep track of all assets assigned to DCT until completion of rack build. Hardware Upgrade: Able to install components to server and networking devices such as, memory, CPU, expansion cards, modules and so forth. Benching: Place specified items on a designated, numbered bench for configuration and testing. Typically includes un-boxing, labeling, powering-up, and recording serial numbers. Un-benching: Re-packaging (matching product serial numbers) and retrieve the designated items from the designated bench in the Integration Center, recording the change in location and status of the items in the inventory system, and placing them in a designated staging area in the warehouse to prepare for shipping. Boxing: Assemble the designated items for a given project into larger boxes or pallets, stretch-wrapping them, and verifying that all of the designated items are included in the set. Asset Management and Data Collection: Ability to capture critical device information such as asset tag, serial numbers, mac addresses and other information deemed important for client and company use. Designed and Process Improvement: Ability to make recommendations as required from time to time to improve customer design to power and equipment load. Security: understand and abide by all security and operational policies. Embrace and Support FusionStorm's mission and core vaules Qualifications Legally eligible to work in the United States. High School Diploma or equivalent. A+ and/or CCNA Data Center Certificate preferred. Minimum of 1 year of experience with rack fabrication. Legally eligible to work in the United States Able to read and understand rack elevation and cable matrix documentation. Able to plan and prioritize against challenging projects. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Proven problem-solving and analytical skills Able to work independently, as well as with peers. Able to adapt with rapid change. Strong working knowledge of computer system applications (e.g.: Windows, Microsoft Office, OSX, Salesforce). WHY FUSIONSTORM? FusionStorm is an award-winning, information technology delivery (ITD) companyTM. We combine best-of-breed products from leading vendors with a full suite of Professional and Managed Services to help our customers save money and grow their businesses. FusionStorm provides advanced technology and data center infrastructure expertise; world-class IT consulting, and managed and support services. We ensure our customer’s IT investments create value and realize high returns. FusionStorm hires extraordinary people who strive to make a difference. Our success is in large part due to our outstanding talented and dedicated employees. If you thrive on transformation, empowerment to make a difference, and identification of solutions in an innovative environment, we want you to join our team. FusionStorm is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in Newark, Irvine, San Diego, Franklin Massachusetts, New York City, Cranberry Township Pennsylvania, Amsterdam Netherlands, Beijing China and Wanchai Hong Kong. For more information about FusionStorm, please visit www.fusionstorm.com. WE OFFER A GREAT BENEFITS PACKAGE! There's so much more to enjoy about being at FusionStorm than just having a rewarding career. In addition to offering competitive compensation plans and long-term career opportunities, FusionStorm provides an attractive mix of benefit plans to contribute to its employees' good health, future financial security and peace of mind. Please visit our website for more information about our competitive benefits package: http://www.fusionstorm.com/company/careers/beyond-rewarding-career You must be authorized to work in the United States. FusionStorm is an Equal Opportunity Employer with a strong commitment to supporting and retaining a diverse and talented workforce. No AGENCIES, please. We are not obligated to pay any fees for any individuals we decide to hire.