Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: The Merchant organization’s mission is to ignite high-performing, customer- focused teams that will deliver the future of money to Merchants. Our simple, elegant products, built with engineering craftsmanship, provide products and services that promote growth for Merchants of all sizes. Our teams are sharp, tech-savvy and innovative. We are mid-stride in supporting new ways of working and collaborating and have adopted a rapid iteration, Lean Startup/rapid experimentation approach. Our organization is hiring and we are seeking to bring smart, curious, and positive additions to our teams. Job Description: Required Skills: 3 to 5 years total experience delivering enterprise class Javascript web applications, with at least 3 most recent years working with React.js, Node.js, etc. 3 years current experience building single page applications with popular JS frameworks and libraries (React, Angular, Ember, Babel, Webpack, Underscore, etc.). Experience with test automation: TDD, unit/integration/functional testing. Experience with HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Bootstrap, and cross-browser and device development. Solid understanding of object-oriented design and programming concepts, core JavaScript concepts like scope/closures, the event loop and asynchronous callbacks, promises. Have a passion for quality and writing clean, solid, readable code that scales and performs well. Strong desire to learn, push the envelope, and share knowledge with others. Responsibilities include: Design and develop solutions and execution through hands-on development, quality-assurance, and prototyping Deliver code in an Agile software development using test-driven development methodologies. Participate in development life cycle activities like design, coding, testing and production release. Partner closely with product to craft great product experiences. Participate and promote architectural initiatives, balancing long-term velocity with short-term customer needs. Extra credit: Provide your GitHub account or StackOverflow profile with your resume! Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.