About Akamai If you've ever shopped online, downloaded music, watched a web video or connected to work remotely, you've used Akamai's cloud delivery platform. Top brands globally rely on Akamai to help them deliver the world's best and most secure digital experiences on any device, anywhere. Akamai is the world’s largest and most trusted cloud delivery platform, delivering 95 exabytes of data a year across billions of devices. With the broadest array of best-in-class cloud delivery products and services, including superior web and mobile performance, cloud security, enterprise access, and video delivery solutions – all underpinned by exceptional customer service and 24/7 monitoring – businesses count on our people and technology to support them every step of the way. Description This position will offer the opportunity to be part of a highly motivated team that works on the data solutions for one of the largest distributed systems in the world. The role of the Enterprise Data Architect is to expand the Akamai’s use of data as a strategic enabler of corporate goals and objectives. The Enterprise Data Architect will achieve this by strategically designing, developing, and implementing data models for enterprise-level application and Internet scale distributed systems. These models shall be architected at the following layers: conceptual, logical, business area, and application. This individual will act as the primary advocate of data modeling methodologies and data processing best practices. Responsibilities Strategy & Planning Develop and deliver long-term strategic goals for data architecture vision and standards in conjunction with data users, department managers, clients, and other key stakeholders. Create short-term tactical solutions to achieve long-term objectives and an overall data management roadmap. Establish processes for governing the identification, collection, and use of corporate metadata; take steps to assure metadata accuracy and validity. Establish methods and procedures for tracking data quality, completeness, redundancy, and improvement. Conduct data capacity planning, life cycle, duration, usage requirements, feasibility studies, and other tasks. Create strategies and plans for data security, backup, disaster recovery, business continuity, and archiving. Ensure that data strategies and architectures are in regulatory compliance. Acquisition & Deployment Ensure the success of enterprise-level application rollouts (e.g. Analytics and Business Intelligence, CRM, Financials, HR, Big Data stack based apps etc.) Liaise with vendors and service providers to select the products or services that best meet company goals. Operational Management Assess and determine governance, stewardship, and frameworks for managing data across the organization. Develop and promote data management methodologies and standards. Select and implement the appropriate tools, software, applications, and systems to support data technology goals. Oversee the mapping of data sources, data movement, interfaces, and analytics, with the goal of ensuring data quality. Collaborate with project managers and business unit leaders for all projects involving enterprise data. Address data-related problems in regards to systems integration, compatibility, and multiple-platform integration. Act as a leader and advocate of data management, including coaching, training, and career development to staff. Develop and implement key components as needed to create testing criteria in order to guarantee the fidelity and performance of data architecture. Document the data architecture and environment in order to maintain a current and accurate view of the larger data picture. Identify and develop opportunities for data reuse, migration, retention, or retirement. Required Education and Experience Applicants must meet one of the following education and experience requirements: 8 years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent or 6 years of relevant experience and a Master’s degree or 3 years of relevant experience and a PhD Required Skills 5+ years of work experience as a data or information architect. 5+ years of experience with data architecting, data mining, large-scale data modeling, and business requirements gathering/analysis. Desired Skills Direct experience in implementing enterprise data management processes, procedures, and decision support. Strong understanding of relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices. Strong familiarity with metadata management and associated processes. Hands-on knowledge of enterprise repository tools, data modeling tools, data mapping tools, and data profiling tools. Demonstrated expertise with repository creation, and data and information system life cycle methodologies. Experience with business requirements analysis, entity relationship planning, database design, reporting structures, and so on. Understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence tools and technologies. Ability to manage data and metadata migration. Experience with database platforms, including Oracle, MySQL, SQLServer, distributed database technologies and tools built on HDFS. Awareness of MemSQL database platform is desirable. Solid understanding of the pros/cons of various NoSQL technologies in the data environment and how they fit into our future application and services designs Understanding of integration technologies and frameworks such as RESTful, SOAP etc.. Object oriented programming experience. Excellent client/user interaction skills to determine requirements. Working knowledge of technical architecture such as network, platform operating systems, server configurations to deploy large and scalable data management solutions. Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards. Experience with data processing flowcharting techniques. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Strong written and oral communication skills. Strong presentation and interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.