Drive and participate in the definition, the direction, and the development of the Fandango warehousing data platform. Work with internal stakeholders to help dictate and scope the requirements. Design and implement highly scalable, reliable, extensive and maintainable code frameworks. Establish and implement best engineering practices such as architectural design, unit and regression testing, test-driven development, pair programming, and continuous integration frameworks. Work with the infrastructure team to ensure that all the required monitoring, exception handling and fault tolerance is in place for a production quality data platform. Qualifications/Requirements 5+ years as a professional engineer with experience in production scale platforms. Strong industry experience with several development languages (Python, Java, Scala, NodeJs). Strong experience in data mining and the development of ETL processes. Excellent knowledge and expertise with SQL and Relational & Multi-dimensional Databases. Discerning appreciation of best practices in designing data lakes. Strong understanding of data warehousing concepts. Strong experience with distributed data architectures and their eco-systems (Spark, EMR, Hadoop, Hive). Strong experience in delivering data using Streaming Technologies (Kafka, Flume, Spark Streaming). Proven ability to deliver high quality, production ready code. Experience with continuous integration technologies. Expert understanding of the agile software development life cycle. Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Redshift in an enterprise environment. Strong customer service and communication skills (verbal and written) to effectively interact with a diverse team of people across business and engineering. Bachelor’s degree in computer science. Desired Characteristics Passionate about big data concepts related to data lakes, data mining, data streaming, data warehousing. Proactive in improving development, testing, continuous integration, and production deployment processes. Motivated to stay proficient and conversant on the latest innovations in data technology to improve platform features and functionality. Sub-Business Film Fandango Career Level Experienced City Beverly Hills State/Province California Country United States About Us At Fandango, we love movies. From showtimes and ticketing, to engaging content and innovations in movie going- we strive to deliver the perfect movie going experience—anytime, anywhere. And to be the go-to destination for moviegoers, we think it’s all about collaboration. Anyone can build a website or app, but it takes a special group across many disciplines to create an experience that can live across multiple platforms and connected devices. Thanks to an exceptional team, we’re working hard to make Fandango a little bit better every day. Our 30 million (and growing!) online and mobile monthly visitors can now buy movie tickets at over 25,000 screens nationwide and stay for exclusive trailers, our award-winning original video series, movie reviews, celebrity interviews and more. So, if you’re looking to inspire, be inspired and work at the intersection of entertainment and technology look no further than Fandango. Visit Fandango.com/careers for a behind-the-scenes look at Fandango and follow us on LinkedIn for the latest news and updates. Fandango is an NBCUniversal Company. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.