OCCUPATIONAL INFORMATION The Project Manager & Analytics Specialist is responsible for supporting the Operations initiatives established by the Operations General Manager. They possess knowledge of project development and the ability to manage a project or program from start to finish. They assist with the development and implementation of divisional goals and initiatives. The Project Manager & Analytics Specialist possesses expertise in data analysis and has the ability to work with advanced levels of data analytics. They drive change and process improvements within the customer base. The position of the Project Manager & Analytics Specialist is focused heavily on managing a wide range of projects involving data collection, production, and dissemination relating to strategy, planning, and organizational effectiveness efforts. This position reports to the Operations General Manager. Major Project Manager & Analytics Functions The major functions performed by the Project Manager & Analytics Specialist include the development of data and the subsequent analysis and application of the results. They work with internal customers and managers to identify areas requiring potential reorganization and develop and implement initiatives based on this research. The Project Manager & Analytics Specialist must display a highly developed skill set in the identification of data and the resulting application of project analysis and change initiatives. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Analyzes data from a variety of database sources and formats for research, systems, and report design. Assists stakeholders in understanding generated reports, outputs, and operational interfaces, and counsels them on their use, and in finding ways to be used to improve their functionality. Assists with the implementation of divisional goals, initiatives and plans. Develops and implements initiatives to improve work processes. Drives fact-based decision making at all levels within the organization. Drives process improvement initiatives, including automation, on the processes/tools used to increase the capability and efficiency of reporting efforts. Investigates and analyzes complex proposed departmental reorganizations of City departments. Manages project development and execution from inception to closure. Presents results of analyses concisely and effectively to ensure adoption. Produces summarization reports, outputs, and operational interfaces that present research findings to stakeholders. Provides recommendations for improving business results, operational efficiencies, and system experiences through in-depth analysis. Provides supporting information to substantiate research findings. Responsible for HR Data Management best practices, quality standards and advanced HR Data Management activities (Acquisitions, Reorganizations, Advanced Data Setup, etc.). Tracks and reports project milestones and status reports to project sponsors. Works in conjunction with the Operations General Manager to manage change control and ensure consistency and alignment of change control management across the Department. Project Manager & Analytics Specialist III – This is the senior level of this series in which an employee acts as a subject matter expert and/or in a leadership type of role. They perform a wide scope of responsibilities. Employees may perform duties which have City-wide impact and involve working with a wide variety of individuals and groups. The work of a Project Manager & Analytics Specialist III is reviewed on an as-needed basis. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: Business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation and human resources modeling. Employee progression and succession plans. Familiarity with current human resources issues and best practices. Human Resources information technology. Laws, policies, regulations and methods governing public sector human resources management processes. Management principles affecting human resources and generally accepted human resources methodologies and procedures. Project management tools and software packages. Regulations, policies, procedures and labor contracts pertinent to service areas. Staffing practices. Understanding and administration of data development and data analytics processes. Understanding and application of lean six sigma process improvement methods. Skill in: Analysis. Change Management. Coordinating and expediting employee actions affecting department services. Customer and Client Focus. Data analysis. Driving results. Effective written and oral communication. Gathering, organizing and analyzing information. Human Resources Capacity. Initiative and Self-Management. Organization. Organizational Development. Quality Management and Process Improvement. Policy/Planning. Problem Solving/Decision Making. Professionalism and Credibility. Project, change and time management. Team work and team development. Thoroughness and attention to detail. Time Management. Various project management applications. Ability to: Assume individual accountability for achieving organizational goals with resourcefulness and minimal supervision. Bring focus and perspective to group and team projects. Communicate effectively in both oral and written formats. Communicate effectively verbally with tact and diplomacy. Concurrently manage multiple priorities. Develop and maintain effective working relationships. Learn quality management and process improvement principles. Learn the essentials of organizational development. Learn the services, jobs, and skills required and business activities of department(s) supported. Organize and prioritize work to assure timely and effective completion of assignments and attainment of goals Participate in labor-management ventures. Remain current in human resources best practices and legal requirements. Respond to workplace dynamics in a timely and pro-active manner. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Education Bachelor's degree with major in human resources, statistics, data analytics, project management, business, management, organizational development, or labor relations Experience Advanced levels of responsibility and three to four years of human resources experience in any combination of the following components: compensation, recruitment/staffing, benefits, labor relations, employee relations, training and development, and organizational development. License/Certificates Designations from the Society of Human Resources Management, International Personnel Management Association – HR SHRM-CP/SCP Certification preferred. Equivalency Equivalent combinations of education and experience may be substituted to meet the education and experience requirement of this position. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Subjects and Weights: Oral Appraisal - 25% Technical Assessment - 25% Evaluation of Training, Experience, Personal Qualifications (TEP) – 50% Total of Oral Appraisal, Technical Assessment and TEP = 100% PLEASE ATTACH A RESUME TO THE APPLICATION (INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED)