Plan, install, maintain, test, and support the assigned database management system and its related products to keep system software current for customers and technical staff; Assure the compatibility and efficiency of database applications through ongoing system monitoring and evaluation; Analyze business practices and create data models and information flow charts to define application system requirements; Evaluate and tune system performance and provide system integration staff with information to optimize the database system and minimize potential problems; Provide technical expertise on database management systems to customers and IT staff who are implementing applications in a database environment; and Design, implement, and maintain standards and procedures to ensure the integrity and security of database applications. Unique Duties ? Plan, install, maintain, test, and support the assigned database management system and its related products to keep system software current for customers and technical staff; ? Assure the compatibility and efficiency of database applications through ongoing system monitoring and evaluation; ? Analyze business practices and create data models and information flow charts to define application system requirements; ? Evaluate and tune system performance and provide system integration staff with information to optimize the database system and minimize potential problems; ? Provide technical expertise on database management systems to customers and IT staff who are implementing applications in a database environment; and ? Design, implement, and maintain standards and procedures to ensure the integrity and security of database applications. ? Incumbent will be responsible for the installation, monitoring and maintenance of Oracle RDBMS, Oracle Fusion Middleware, Apache and Cognos. ? Incumbent will be responsible for the installation, monitoring and maintenance of the Ellucian family of higher education software which is Banner and its related applications. ? Act as a consultant to the application developers in regards to the RDMBS, middleware and application software technologies. ? Perform problem analysis, investigate root issues, and debug. Resolve or assist with the resolution of complex production issues under pressure. Qualifications Knowledge of overall computer operations procedures, operating systems, and platforms; Knowledge of networking topologies, configurations, and technologies; Knowledge of database management systems, languages, procedures, and controls; Skill in the use of database management tools and processes; Ability to logically work through a problem and develop optimal solutions; and Ability to work independently on complex problems, making detailed analyses until the problem is identified and resolved. Sound understanding of the technical aspects of information technology, typically acquired through a formal undergraduate computer science program and one or two years of directly related experience; and Some experience in a programming function such as systems software or applications development. Preferred Qualifications This is the specialist level where incumbents are responsible for the design and installation of database management system software and applications and for monitoring database usage. Incumbents work independently under general management review and have leadership roles in projects involving existing database and business applications systems. They analyze information on performance and space management to identify trends and plan for the future. They have a high degree of technical proficiency in the design and implementation of database applications and are fully knowledgeable of the operating relationships between their assigned databases and their operating or applications systems. They are the Subject Matter Expert for a major database technology or application and provide third tier support in the resolution of operating problems. ? Advanced knowledge in database design and management. ? Advanced knowledge in installing and maintaining databases e.g. Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server and skills to support large scale implementation of several database management software products. ? Knowledge of database backup and disaster recovery procedures. ? Advanced knowledge in installing Apache web server and deploying applications under Apache. ? Knowledge of Windows, Linux or Unix operating systems. ? Some knowledge of version control systems (Git, SVN , or CVS). ? Some knowledge of storage technologies and networking ? Some knowledge of routine maintenance, recovery, and handling failover of a database ? Knowledge in managing and deploying SSL certificates Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Job Type Full-Time Job Category Professional/Administration & Supervisory/Management Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 07-31-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message