Junior Software Developer Go Ahead Tours Cambridge, MA, USA Go Ahead Tours is GROWING! We are looking for a Software Developer to join our growing internal customer facing CRM development team. Examples of project Work in a collaborative culture to create a lead scoring model to better understand the customer insights. Choose modern UI framework to building engaging components in salesforce. Built scalable architecture to support our ever-increasing user base. Design high performance, loosely coupled near real time systems. Grow an existing Sales, Marketing and Service Cloud organization using Apex, JavaScript, and other modern frameworks. Responsibilities Translate user stories into functional software Write readable, well tested, and straightforward code Work collaboratively within a small team to create the best product possible Requirements 1-3+ years of professional experience with .NET, specifically C 1-3+ years of professional experience in public facing web with proficiency in CSS/JS Ability to write clear readable consistent code Collaborative problem solver Excellent communicator Solid understanding of front end and back end development Comfortable giving and receiving feedback throughout the development process Experience with RESTful Api Strong background in with a TDD/BDD framework The Perks We believe that happy people do great work. What makes us happy? Things like: Three weeks paid vacation your first year, increases to four weeks your second year All expenses paid international travel Free in-house language classes On-site restaurant and bar Travel discounts Market-leading benefits package including top of the line health coverage, 401k with company match, and more Learn more about our Development team, Read our blog: https://medium.com/go- ahead-tours-tech-blog Go Ahead Tours offers industry-leading guided group tours to destinations that span all seven continents. For more information, visit www.goaheadtours.com. Go Ahead Tours is a division of EF Education First. Founded in 1965 by entrepreneur Bertil Hult, EF is a privately-held company with 15 divisions that offer a range of educational programs from language training, educational travel, and academic degrees to cultural exchanges. With a mission to open the world through education, EF has helped people of all ages and nationalities become citizens of the world. For more information, visit http://www.ef.com/careers EF is an equal opportunities employer. EF offers competitive salaries and a multicultural working environment. If you are motivated by the prospect of an international career with a dynamic and forward-thinking company, we want to hear from you. For more information, visit www.ef.com/careers.