System1 Biosciences is a well-funded stealth mode startup revolutionizing drug discovery for brain disorders. Founded by professors from Columbia University and UCSF along with experienced Silicon Valley technology entrepreneurs, we combine novel biotechnology, neuroscience, robotic engineering, and machine learning techniques. Join us as we try and revolutionize the treatment of previously hard to treat conditions like autism and schizophrenia. We’re building a world-class high-throughput analysis platform that includes computer vision, video analysis, multi-modal data integration, Bayesian modeling, sequence modeling, and deep learning. Our current tech stack is based on Python + PyTorch. The offered role is a core member of our machine learning team, focused on computer vision applied to fluorescence-based biological data sets. You’ll participate in team-wide projects as well as lead the design and delivery of independent initiatives. Our ideal candidate will have: A track record of applying computer vision algorithms to biological imaging datasets (brightfield and fluorescence microscopy) Experience with both conventional image processing techniques & deep learning for computer vision (e.g., segmentation, object detection) Ability to understand and implement models from the literature in a modern deep learning framework Academic publications demonstrating how they applied computer vision approaches to microscopy datasets; or 5+ years of industry experience in this area Proficiency in a contemporary programming language; comfort in UNIX; fluency in SQL Familiarity with AWS preferred In this position you will: Design and implement data processing and analysis solutions for biological microscopy datasets Mentor and cross-train with other ML scientists via academic-style discussions and reviews Interface with biology team to understand and interpret the data We offer competitive salaries and benefits, and opportunities for professional growth, in an intellectually stimulating and fast-paced environment. If this excites you, then we are excited to hear from you! Please contact us and include your CV or résumé. System1 Biosciences is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.