Position Title: MGR, OPERATIONS II Shift: DAYS Pay GRADE 10 Reports To: UNIT DIRECTOR Crothall Healthcare is a Compass One Company that provides specialized, high-quality, innovative, and responsive support services exclusively to the healthcare industry. Crothall serves many of the Top 100 Hospitals among their 1200 healthcare clients and across the nation in 39 states. Crothall has earned a spot on the Top 100 Best Places to Work in Healthcare in 2013, 2014, and 2015, and a Becker’s Healthcare Top Places to Work in 2016. Our core services include: Environmental Services, Patient Transport, Laundry & Linen, Facilities Management, Healthcare Technology Solutions, and Ambulatory Services. For more information, go to www.crothall.com. _This position is eligible for an Employee Referral Bonus! If you know someone that is qualified for this role, please use the “job search” in MyOpportunity to refer your referral and email them a link to apply. Your referral will be able to apply by clicking the link in the email then you can check the status under Careers in MyOpportunity by clicking on “referral tracking.” For Employee Referral guidelines, FAQs and the Compass Employee Referral Policy, email_ _MyReferral@compass-usa.com_ _._ _._ Job Summary Working as an Operations Manager, you are responsible for assisting senior EVS leaders in directing and overseeing the operational needs of the Housekeeping Department. You will coordinate the tasks of the front-line staff. You will serve as a liaison between administration and hospital departments and provide the highest possible level of service. Key Responsibilities: Establishes and annually reviews standards and work procedures for all Housekeeping staff Plans work and staffing schedules and areas of work to ensure adequate services are rendered Assists in the hiring process; interview, hiring and training of new associates Orients, develops, and supervises all supervisory/housekeeping staff Conducts regular inspections and makes recommendations to the facility Monthly reporting of goals, accomplishments, and future plans Staff education and training Communication with staff, administration, and other departments Coordination of outside services (i.e. Pest Control, Window Cleaning, Medical and Solid Waste, Document Destruction, and Recycling program) Preferred Qualifications: Four year college degree, military experience, or equivalent work experience required At least one year of supervisory experience in housekeeping or service-related field with high customer/client contact required Demonstrated progressive growth in the field of health care housekeeping or facility maintenance preferred Ability to communicate effectively in written format and oral presentations Ability to multi-task and establish priorities Ability to maintain organization in a changing and stressful environment Exhibit initiative, responsibility, flexibility, and leadership Possess a thorough knowledge of contract administration and office procedures Military Transferrable Skills: Non Commissioned Officer E4+ with experience in Planning, developing and directing logistics All military branches with experience of supervising a group of soldiers of 15 or more Troubleshoots, isolates and identifies causes of equipment malfunction Teaches technical skills to lower grade soldiers Prepares costs and labor estimates Apply to Crothall today! _Crothall is a member of Compass Group USA_ Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.