Summary: At Verscend, we are custodians of data for our clients. This requires efficient processes to manage data implementations, data production, data quality and data security. The Data Analysis function provides insight into different aspects of the data operations function right from raw data files, to the quality of data in the deliverables. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in relevant field such as Health Science, Computer Science, Business, or equivalent experience. At least 2 years’ experience with data analysis. Strong data manipulation skills using database and spreadsheet applications. Knowledge of database applications, including extraction and querying skills. 2+ years’ experience within the Healthcare or Insurance space in a Data Warehouse operations organization. Strong knowledge of healthcare enrollment, medical claims, and drug claims data required. Additional knowledge of non-traditional data types (health & wellness, workforce productivity, and EMR) preferred. Ability to use SQL (TOAD, SQL Tools) and other data tools to analyze diverse data sets. · Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to multitask and prioritize projects to meet scheduled deadlines. Ability to analyze raw data and disseminate results, with ability to think logically and process sequentially with a high level of detailed accuracy. · Ability to work well independently or in a team environment. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, including PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Outlook and Project. Principal Responsibilities and Essential Duties : Data Management and Data Quality Host and facilitate discussions with Healthcare data carriers to (1) manage data intake, and (2) ensure all client data requirements are discussed and confirmed. Document meeting discussions and obtain sign off from the client and carriers. Perform data quality checks verifying that data provided is consistent with the requirements to build Healthcare Data Warehouse. Write data transformation specifications to load source data into target data warehouse tables. Work with the database programmers to perform quality checks on the reformatted coding; ensure data is complete while and making modifications as necessary to transform the raw data into table layouts. Data Analysis Perform data analysis, data mining and identify root cause of issues using SQL. Assist the Engineering/Tools team with new business requirements and help them with Functional Specifications. Assist in the conversion of internal processes from manual to automated through coding and programming.