What is a Returnship? Nutanix is excited to be part of the Path Forward program because we appreciate the skills you can offer, the perspective you provide, and the contributions you will make. This program offers you a chance to revamp your skills, update your resume with new experience, and make connections with others transitioning back to the workforce. The Path Forward Return to Work program at Nutanix is a 16-week paid returnship for experienced professionals returning to the workforce after taking time off for caregiving. The program is open to individuals who have at least 5 years of professional experience and have been out of the paid workforce for at least two years to focus on caring for a child or other dependent. If you meet these criteria, we welcome you to apply. The Role BUSINESS ANALYST Nutanix is building an extraordinary organization and is looking for a top- notch Business Analyst for various process stream like Lead to Orders (L2O) or Order to Cash(O2C) or Customer Success (CS) or Product Lifecycle Management (PLM). The position requires a highly dedicated individual who can deliver results in a high growth, ever-evolving environment. This person will be responsible for the working with respective business team. Nutanix automated the end to end CPQ and Order to Cash (OTC) processes between Salesforce.com and NetSuite using Boomi and SteelBrick. With minimal supervision and working at the highest technical level of most phases of business analysis, this position collaborates with business to define requirements for the respective processes, applications and integrations. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES SOLUTION: Build detailed requirement specifications based on requested improvements to existing or development of new functionality related to the OTC process Work closely with key business and technical partners to improve current solutions and develop new ones. Drive and project manage projects from inception to delivery Ensure Successful delivery of respective automation roadmap and building trust (Responsible for total satisfaction of business) Provide input into and oversight of project definition and solution design for requested new features and operational enhancements for internal systems. Deliver on Schedule, On Budget and On Scope Projects Design and Build loosely coupled, innovative, agile and scalable solutions to business Maintain SLAs and significant metrics Act as the liaison between business and the technology organization, to manage business priorities, communicate changes in scope or schedule, and call out risks Identify tasks and work with the application administrators, integration and product development team to estimate delivery of proposed projects/automations. Prioritize and perform multiple tasks simultaneously Work independently as well as collaboratively with a multi-functional team. MINIMUM JOB QUALIFICATIONS: Exhibits keen interest and experience in L2O or O2C or CS or PLM processes of large scale, complex, transformational cloud-based SaaS solutions. 5+ years’ experience as Analyst (Salesforce.com or NetSuite) Expert with Salesforce/NetSuite Data Models and Experience with CPQ will be plus The ability to work in a fast-paced, high energy environment that requires flexibility and the capacity to quickly learn and assimilate information/new skills is essential Well-honed organizational skills focus and attention to detail SOFT SKILLS: The ability to build relationships, influence key decision-makers, and collaborate on a multi-functional team comprised of diverse personalities, skill sets, and levels of experience Effective communicator that works well in a collaborative team setting Solid teammate who breaks down silos and works effectively with teams and partners to establish and accomplish business objectives. Exceptional ability to gather organize and evaluate any information or data needed as input from partners and development team to determine requirements and specifications. Can do mentality. Ability and desire to work in a fast paced and continually evolving environment Creative problem solver who can think beyond status quo