Are you fascinated by the challenge of using data to help hundreds of millions of users connect, communicate and achieve more? Come be part of the Microsoft Outlook Data Team. We build the data infrastructure, data sets and tools that help shape a product which brings the world together. Responsibilities Authoring Big Data ETL pipelines on Azure in SQL, Python, Java, C++ or C. Automating sophisticated data science and machine learning algorithms Building dashboards and reports for our leadership and product teams Analyzing user behavior, building segmentation models and predicting trends. Identifying pain points of our users and levers that will help us move key metrics Help set the strategy and roadmap of our data infrastructure. Qualifications BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field. Experience designing, developing and deploying production quality software. Very strong programming skills in at least one high level language, Python, Java, C++, C. Experience building data models and performing complex queries using SQL. Strong analytical skills with an ability to break down complex cross functional technical problems. We are looking for someone who is inherently curious, energized by the challenges working Big Data. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.