About the team Zillow’s mission is to empower people to make smarter decisions about real estate. We do that by making the industry transparent through artificial intelligence and data. The AI and Big Data team builds machine learning models and platforms for search, personalization, Zestimates, analytics, Ad targeting, computer vision/deep learning, 3D tours, and many other products. This centralized group does all work related to artificial intelligence and data for the company. You can learn more on our blog: https://www.zillow.com/data-science About the role Reporting directly to the VP of AI and Big Data, the Head of Artificial Intelligence will lead the team that is responsible for automated valuation models and advanced analytical products. More specifically, the role will assume the following responsibilities: Build machine learning models for Zestimates, Rent Zestimates, housing indices such as Zillow Home Value Index (ZHVI) and Zillow Rent Index (ZRI), Zestimate forecast, and other predictive and advanced modeling applications. Recruit, hire, and mentor exceptional data scientists and machine learning engineers. Work with product management, product development, operations, customer support, and other internal stakeholders to define requirements, guide product and architectural vision, and prioritize efforts. Manage an active research agenda aimed at generating innovations to solve business needs and technical challenges (including outside research) Integrate research into a technical roadmap for product development. Iterate quickly in an agile development process. Create a dynamic, collaborative and fun team environment. Engage team in conferences and external activities that facilitate staying abreast of the latest cutting edge technologies and approaches. Who you are A thought leader. You can think ahead and build machine learning for the future. You can communicate and command the respect of executives and developers. 5+ years experience managing people. Strong leadership skills. You can motivate and grow your people. 7+ years of experience working on statistical modeling and machine learning algorithms for supervised/unsupervised learning with very large data sets Knowledge of machine-learning/computational packages (numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn) Expertise with the data analysis languages Python and/or R Knowledge of open source big data technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, and Redis. Knowledge of cloud technologies, such as AWS, Azure, and/or Google Cloud. Advanced Degree (MS or PhD) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or other related field with emphasis in quantitative methods desired. Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._