Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? The Role: The Hardware Quality Engineering Manager (QEM) is responsible for ensuring that our products are designed for quality. As early as the concept phase of the product, the QEM will develop a risk assessment utilizing the NUDD process (New, Unique, Different, Difficult). This risk assessment will be comprehensive of lessons learned on previous products, along with technological, manufacturing and operational risks to the current design. The QEM will be responsible for identifying these risks and working with the appropriate product development functions to ensure the critical and high risk items are prevented prior to validating the final design. The QEM will also own quality in the sustaining phase of the product. The successful candidate will establish quality goals and monitor performance, investigate the full suite of failure analysis leading to root cause determination and subsequent closed loop corrective action. Leads quality lesson’s learned and institutes remedies to prevent re-occurrence of quality issues and possess a high sense of urgency when managing critical issues. In addition to the work done in the New Product Introduction (NPI) and Sustaining phases, the QEM of will drive continuous improvement in all aspects of the job, be able to deal with ambiguity, and influence at all levels of the company. In this role, you will: Understand the technology and functionality of consumer electronic products, and be able to assess the risk to a negative customer experience, so that it can be prevented during development Be an expert in advanced quality methods and protocol Lead cross-functional teams in Design for Quality initiatives Utilize your comprehensive knowledge of standards, related disciplines, company strategy and goals, to ensure a positive customer experience Deliver solutions to complex problems through in-depth data analysis and forensics by using methodical approaches, along with experience, innovation and judgment to make decisions that may be based on partial information Understand detailed implications of decisions and recommendations and be able to communicate recommended solutions to the product development team, all the way up through the executive leadership of the company Align cross-functionally, influencing a broad spectrum of stakeholders to deliver on the quality policy Create standards around which others will operate and build consensus Determine specific quality related functional milestones during NPI Basic Qualifications BSME/BSIE/BSEE or related Engineering degree 3+ years of experience in an engineering and/or quality role 3+ years of experience with statistical tools Preferred Qualifications Master’s Degree with either MSME/MSIE/MSEE Understanding of technology, at the system and commodity level as well as software and usability Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to work with and influence others Lab126 is part of the Amazon.com, Inc. group of companies and is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.