GENERAL PURPOSE Audit, balance and report on the various areas of the hotel (e.g. food and beverage outlets, rooms/front desk, gift shop, etc.) to provide accurate, timely information and to ensure company and Hotel policies and procedures are followed and to prevent fraud. ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Audit, balance and report on all food and beverage outlets (e.g. restaurants, lounges, banquets, room service) cash and credit operations to include but not limited to checks, over/short figures/tally sheets, deposits, counts, house charges, promotional materials, postings, etc. and reset all registers to ensure accurate, timely information. Audit, balance, post and report on the front desk to include but not limited to; room charges, phone calls, zero balance folios, corrections, adjustments, taxes, disputed charges, over/short figures, deposits, etc., to ensure accuracy and verify proper cash handling procedures are followed. Audit, balance and prepare, verify and report on Room information to provide rooms management with a picture of how they are performing. Prepare and input statistics and income journal sheets for preparation of daily reports. Balance and close all bank ticket codes, daily. Run night audit final after insuring all revenues are in balance nightly. Perform the duties of a Front Desk Clerk including express checkouts. OTHER DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Assist the Night Manager/Night Audit Supervisor as requested. Assist PBX in taking and placing wake-up calls, as needed. Perform the duties of a bellperson as requested. No travel required. Hours: 10:00 p.m. - 6:00 a.m.; scheduled days and times may vary based on need. SUPERVISORY DUTIES - None JOB QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge Ability to operate personal computer, cash register and calculator. Ability to compile facts and figures. Telephone and guest relations etiquette and skills. Skills Moderate hearing required to communicate with guests. Excellent vision required for viewing of screen. Excellent speech communication skills required to communicate with guests over the telephone. Excellent comprehension and literacy required for reading daily reports, numbers, etc. Physical Abilities Ability to lift files/papers up to 5 lbs. 50% of time. May lift luggage up to 50 lbs. No bending/kneeling required. Mobility - ability to move between front desk, PBX and accounting and various other areas in the hotel, 15-20% of time. No continuous standing,climbing or driving required. Education/Formal Training High school education or equivalent experience. Experience Accounting background preferred, but not required. Material/Equipment Used Personal computer, telephone, cash register, calculator - approximately 90-95% of time. Environment Work inside 100% of 8 hours. \- Employees are held accountable for all duties of job -