The Google Cloud team helps companies, schools, and government seamlessly make the switch to Google products and supports them along the way. You swiftly problem-solve technical issues for customers to show how our products can make businesses more productive, collaborative, and innovative. You work closely with a cross-functional team of web developers and systems administrators, not to mention a variety of both regional and international customers. Your relationships with customers are crucial in helping Google grow its Google Cloud business and in bringing our product portfolio into companies around the world. As an Internet of things (IoT) Cloud Engineer, you'll contribute to Google’s innovations on the delivery of connected products and their surrounding functionality for our customers and Partners. You will design new and innovative solutions to enable digital transformation for our customers and Partners, and will co-develop these solutions with Google Partners, including Independent Software Vendors (ISVs), SaaS vendors and System Integrators (SIs). In addition, you'll apply your new IoT solutions by working with Google’s most strategic Cloud customers. To this end you will also design and implement IoT solutions for customers using core Google products including Cloud IoT Core, Bigtable, DataFlow, and Cloud Machine Learning Engine. You will work with customers to scope out initial needs of getting devices connected, and then find opportunities for further value add with the extensive suite of functionality in Google Cloud. This involves travel to customer sites to implement solutions and deliver workshops to educate and empower customers. Together with the team, you will support customer implementation of Google Cloud products through: architecture guidance, best practices, data migration, capacity planning, implementation, troubleshooting, monitoring and more. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Be a trusted technical advisor to customers and solve complex technical challenges in the field of IoT. Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog articles, sample code, and technical presentations adapting to different levels of key business and technical stakeholders. Design innovative connected product solutions for Google customers and Partners. Deliver high-quality solutions in the face of ambiguity and in a domain where many stakeholders are new to software development. Manage thought leadership and influence on IoT by publicizing best practice implementations of functionality that is valuable to many IoT engineers in the field. Travel globally up to 30% of the time. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Experience working with cloud components to develop highly scalable and available systems including APIs, automation, and data warehousing/analytics. Experience working in customer-facing technical roles. Preferred qualifications: Prior experience working with Embedded Systems and IoT devices and platforms. Experience with web security and secure development practices. Effective leadership and influencing skills in IoT. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.