ASSA ABLOY Door Security Solutions provides end-users (healthcare facilities, schools, universities, military, commercial buildings, etc.) with unsurpassed security and life-safety solutions and the essential support services (LEED consultation, code compliance, access control system integration, product research and selection, specification writing services, technical support, etc.) to ensure well-functioning doorway systems in the commercial building industry. This is all accomplished by combining the strengths of industry- leading door and hardware brands. Visit www.assaabloydss.com for more information. This position will be responsible for calling on developers, end users and architects. We need a sales professional capable of relationship and technical solution selling within the commercial construction, multi family and property management market segments to gain approval for the product lines represented by Door Security Solutions. You will be responsible for the following: Communicate effectively with a variety of decision makers and influencers including locksmiths, facility managers, IT networking managers and executives. Manage a sales territory including developing short and long term sales plans. Identify and classify the sales potential of each client. Establish a network of clients with a high level of trust, developing relationships quickly and easily. Sell opening solutions as a consultant using a communication approach that can be effective with a diverse audience. Apply discovery abilities including: prospecting, profiling, qualifying, identifying client needs, and presenting solutions Self-starter requiring minimal supervision with 2 years sales experience in an industry related product Bachelor's degree from an accredited university with courses in construction management, architectural design and computer systems highly desirable. Knowledge of construction processes and the roles of end user -owner, architect, construction manager, general contractor, CHD, inpectors, etc. Hands on experience with openings, commercial locksmith experience, installing door frames and hardware, contractors license for installation, CHD project manager with school, healthcare or institutional facilities. Ability to read and understand specifications and facility standards. Strong communication, time management, negotiation and follow-up skills Technical aptitude in building construction, electro mechanical and IT networking. Desire and ability to demostrate sales leadership Ability to lift and carry up to 50 lbs of sample and display material for sale presentations CB