At Presidio, we think, architect, implement and support the practical reality of IT every day. We bring together the best minds in the industry to deliver IT excellence and support the answers to our clients’ IT challenges. As one of the largest IT-as-a-Service solution providers in the U.S., we combine experience and stability with regional expertise and the unique ability to cover local and global business needs. For more information about Presidio visit our website at www.presidio.com. We are seeking a Coordinator, Customer Portal (IT Administrator) to join our growing organization who will take ownership of the following responsibilities. Key Responsibilities : Onboarding Gathering requests Configuring accounts & inputting data Sending Welcome Emails Maintaining customer records Customer-facing support Initial post-onboarding support Phone calls Live demos Live web chats Team alias emails Internal tickets Demos Internal (team trainings) External (customer trainings) Documentation New features Marketing materials Training materials RFP collateral iConnect page Minimum Requirements: We seek a Bachelor's Degree or the equivalent and/or military experience. We seek a minimum of 6 months of experience You are well-spoken and polished with the ability to communicate well with customers and answer questions reliably You are highly organized, extremely detail oriented, great level of accuracy You possess the ability to follow processes, recommend process changes You see situations from different vantage points, linear thinking is desired. CB_PH Presidio, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/ VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, please visit: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance. Presidio, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services; please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Presidio has a strict PSL in place and will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through the Presidio portal. Candidate Resumes/CV's not submitted through the Presidio portal or submitted directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and will be treated as gifts and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation.