Guy Carpenter is looking for a highly motivated individual with strong data visualization skills to contribute to a global team as a Data Visualization Specialist. This individual will be responsible for developing highly complex reports and presentations based on data available in company’s data repository, finding compelling ways to display the analysis results. This individual must have a strong work ethic with the ability to work independently with minimal supervision while managing competing requests from various global audiences. This individual must be able to apply critical thinking skills to address the evolving needs of the business users and use cutting edge visual graphics to communicate trends in the marketplace. Responsibilities include (but not limited to): Report/Dashboard Development: Develop and maintains reports created in data visualization software (Cognos, Power BI, Tableau or similar software Provides recurring and special ad-hoc reports for global audience within requested timeframes Develops complex and customized reports, both on a proactive basis to address client needs as well as in response to user requests. Works in conjunction with project design team on new and innovative reporting solutions and, as requested, perform business analysis and troubleshooting tasks Prioritize assigned projects & requests by need, with guidance from managers Problem-Solving/Critical Thinking Skills: Provide creative solutions to new problems as they arise Troubleshoot and advise support teams on data usage/data issues as needed for proprietary applications Communication: Interest in understanding driving factors behind analysis results and ability internally communicate findings with appropriate business context Provides training to other employees on advanced and complex reporting concepts, as needed. Prepares documentation for report specifications or Quality Assurance testing Qualifications Qualifications: 4 year college degree (MIS/Computer Science major preferred) 1-2 years’ experience in data visualization role or related work preferred Thorough knowledge of available information and structure of all application and reporting databases. Strong computer skills for using a wide range of software, including Cognos ReportStudio, Cognos QueryStudio, Cognos Workspace, Cognos PowerPlay/Transformer, SQL, SQL Developer, Python, Tableau, Power BI and MS Office. Strong ability to be organized and pay strict attention to detail. Strong analytic skills for constant review of complex spreadsheets and reports. Thorough knowledge of insurance/reinsurance concepts preferred Good ability to prioritize workload according to volume, urgency, etc. Strong verbal and writing skills for internal communications High degree of initiative to take lead role on assignments and to manage projects to completion. Strong ability to work cooperatively with others. Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC, a leading global risk and reinsurance specialist, has over a 90-year history of providing integrated solutions to the (re)insurance industry. With over 2,300 professionals in more than 50 offices around the world, Guy Carpenter delivers a powerful combination of broking expertise, strategic advisory services and industry-leading analytics to help our clients achieve profitable growth. As our clients’ most trusted and valuable reinsurance broker and strategic advisor, we leverage our intellectual capital to anticipate and solve for a range of emerging strategic business challenges and opportunities. We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. Visit www.guycarpenter.com for more information and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @GuyCarpenter Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC and its separately incorporated operating entities around the world are part of Marsh & McLennan Companies, a publicly held company (ticker symbol: MMC). Marsh & McLennan Companies offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://www.mmc.com/ . We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: www.mmc.com/diversity . Marsh & McLennan Companies and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers. Job Information Technology Primary Location US-MN-Edina Other Locations US-NY-New York, US-PA-Philadelphia Schedule F - Full Time Marsh & McLennan Companies and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers.