At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. By joining our Worldwide Learning Experiences team, you can play an important role in this mission. This role involves developing and executing a strategic vision for Social Learning scenarios: delivering peer-to-peer, ask-an-expert, community based and crowd sourced learning experiences to our sellers. We are looking for an individual with passion for learners and their learning experiences who is highly capable of researching, conceptualizing and managing social learner scenarios that delight thousands of employees within the company. In this role, you will join a team of professionals developing Microsoft’s approach to end-to-end employee learning experiences aimed at empowering employees to excel in their roles. You will be the Social Experience Manager, setting strategy, researching technologies, defining business scenarios and feature plans to deliver best-in-class experiences for our learners. We are moving fast and determining our vision for the future while we simultaneously deliver in real-time. We’ve got an amazing team and a startup, can-do environment. We are seeking a visionary program and product manager with a track record of delivering solutions at scale. Are you up to the challenge? Responsibilities Clearly communicate the strategy and plan for WWL’s approach to social learning experiences including peer-to-peer, ask and expert, coaching, communities and crowd sourcing Understand and communicate the competitive landscape and industry best practices for social learning Partner with teams across Microsoft to align on best technologies to deliver the vision Communicate progress and opportunities through weekly, monthly, and quarterly business reviews Take a data-driven approach to deliver measured success Develop and maintain strong communications and relationships across your stakeholder community Manage multiple workstreams end-to-end Work in a matrixed environment to deliver the integrated experience vision across multiple features Qualifications 5+ years of strong performance in program or product management leadership 5+ years of experience working cross company programs and initiatives with an emphasis on delivering innovative experiences to our seller community Speak the language of Microsoft (strong knowledge of the full landscape of Microsoft’s 1st party products) Ability to find solutions and a path forward even in ambiguous situations Track record of getting things done with high attention to detail and impeccable quality Resilient with a Growth Mindset, able to navigate a fast-changing environment and iterate quickly on potential solutions Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills – known as a great communicator with the ability to synthesize the complex Demonstrated ability to work across multiple teams in a large/complex organization and build a strong internal network Demonstrated ability to work under tight deadlines and pro-actively manage deliverables with minimal supervision 3+ years of experience working on learning/ readiness initiatives within a corporate setting is a plus Experience in learner-focused design and learning technologies is a plus Strong understanding of the Microsoft Seller’s journey and Seller personas a plus Experience with crowd-sourcing technologies a plus WWL REQ Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.