Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Platform team focuses on: Developers, Businesses and Buyers & Sellers. Why do we care about developers? On average, people spend ~45 minutes per day on Facebook. Developers are how we reach people in those other 23 hours. Developers build great experiences that people interact with, extend the Facebook experience into those 23 hours, and help bring those experiences back into Facebook. It’s not enough to just provide tools to move data back and forth between developers and Facebook. To really build loyalty with this group, we need to help them throughout their lifecycle, so we focus on helping them build, grow, and monetize their apps. We have four teams working in this space: Build team – builds organic tools to help developers build, grow and monetize Ads/paid tools to help developers grow and monetize Payments – payment services & experiences that serve both external developers (games) and internal developers (ads) Games – vertical that leverages tools from all of the teams, but also builds tools specific to the games industry The right candidates will be excellent communicators, knowledgeable about UI design, passionate about social computing, comfortable in a flat, fast moving organization, excited to collaborate, and focused squarely on creating impact. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with product and business teams to identify research topics Design and execute custom primary research using a variety of methods including surveys Manage large research tracking programs through research vendors by providing direction on research design, questionnaire, analysis and ensure projects are hitting milestones on-time Work cross-functionally with product management, design, product marketing, content strategy, and engineering Communicate results and illustrate suggestions in compelling and creative ways MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Master’s degree or Ph.D. in market research, psychology, social science, statistics, or MBA 5+ years of market research or analytics experience Experience conducting international/cross-cultural research Understanding of quantitative, behavioral analysis and statistical concepts Ability to ask, as well as answer, meaningful and impactful questions Visual communication Self-starter with interpersonal skills and ability to build cooperative, productive relationships with internal partners and vendors. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with managing large international brand and sentiment tracking programs