Closing Date/Time: Continuous Salary: $12.00 - $17.50 Hourly Job Type: Limited Hour Part-Time Location: 220 4th Ave. S., Kent, Washington General Purpose Parks Operations Temporary Laborer Hourly Rate: $12.00 – $17.50 per hour depending on experience Hours: Limited Hour (up to 28 hours per week) Schedule may vary based on work assignment Open until filled. If you have technical difficulties, please feel free to call our office at (253) 856-5270 and we will do our best to assist you. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Assist Parks staff in routine grounds maintenance including, but not limited to, mowing, weed-eating, seeding, and fertilizing lawns; drag, line and water baseball or softball fields; clean dugouts; set out and move portable sprinklers; perform routine landscaping including weeding and cleaning of shrub and flowerbeds; assist in maintaining greenhouse and nursery stock; clean and stock restroom buildings and portable restrooms using cleansers and disinfectants; litter control; clean walkways and other tasks as required; operate small tractors and small riding lawn mowers. Assist by supporting staff during special events and volunteer projects. Must be able to operate standard size pick-up and/or sedans with standard hand and foot controls Education, Experience and Other Requirements: QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must have a valid Washington State Driver's License and must be able to verify employment eligibility at time of hire; must have high school diploma or equivalent; must successfully pass the City's pre-employment substance abuse screening and driving record check; and must be at least 18 years of age. Applicants are subject to Washington State background check. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: While performing the duties of this job, the incumbent is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and talk and hear. The incumbent is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The incumbent is frequently required to lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and is occasionally required to lift and/or move up to 100 pounds or more with assistance. Specific vision abilities required include close, distance, color, and peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. WORKING CONDITIONS: Work is performed in a field environment; may be exposed to individuals who are difficult; and may be required to travel to different sites. Work is usually performed outdoors in all types of weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. Incumbent is subject to irregular work schedules including weekdays, weekends and evenings. The City of Kent is an equal opportunity employer.