Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA In this role, you will help drive vision for Google's Cloud products and make Google's infrastructure available to the outside world. You will work closely with product management, engineering, and developer marketing to execute Google's Cloud strategy. You have a passion for realizing the full potential of the cloud and have deep knowledge of infrastructure technology. Developer empathy and understanding are key to this role. Developers are at the heart of Google, and the Developer Relations team helps connect developers everywhere with Google. We support these developers and listen to their feedback, and help them succeed. We act as advocates for Google technologies and are vocal advocates for developer interests within Google. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Provide vision, focus, and leadership for the Google Cloud Platform technical writing team. Define the strategy for developers accessing online technical content on Google Cloud and lead the team to deliver on the strategy. Lead, mentor and grow a global team of passionate technical writers and documentation managers. Drive measurement, analysis, and insight on the effectiveness of content to shape the technology roadmap and resource planning. Partner across product, engineering, and developer marketing to evolve our technical documentation and content strategy. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 15 years of experience in technical writing, content strategy and/or web development at a cloud or software company with a global remit. Technical experience related to enterprise application development, cloud services, cloud developer experience, and/or scalable and fault-tolerant software infrastructure. Preferred qualifications: Experience influencing, communicating, and driving change across organizational and cross-functional boundaries. Excellent organizational and analytical expertise, demonstrated strong technical data analysis. Ability to use benchmarks and performance metrics to track progress, while maintaining constant focus on business impact. Ability to engage on technical requirements for marketing analytics and go-to market strategies. Excellent written and oral communication with demonstrated ability to work with stakeholders at all levels of management. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.