Roche Diagnostics has built a new strategic area – Diagnostics Information Solutions (DIS) - charged with creating a modern portfolio of decision support software products that change the way patients are cared for. Our challenge is to bring together complex diagnostic and treatment data from medical devices and IT systems within a hospital and intelligently process and present this data to clinicians, researchers, and caregivers to improve research outcomes and patient care. As the Data Scientist part of Data Science & Services (DSS) team at DIS, you are responsible for conceptualizing, planning and executing advanced analytics projects to discover key insights improving NAVIFY product portfolio leading to better and more efficient patient care. In close cooperation with other Data Scientists you will design and execute advanced analytics projects building on a wide range of commercial and research datasets containing deep medical information. In this position, you will also ensure that design, execution, and presentation of analysis results are adhering to industry standards and potentially improve and redefine current industry standards. You will rely on your oncology expertise, advanced analytical skills, and your ability to interact with cross-functional experts such as biostatisticians, clinical scientists and oncologists, to discover novel insights demonstrating impact of various treatment decisions, and uncover key elements leading to best outcomes for patients. In addition, you will maintain and expand knowledge of available healthcare data sources and pplicable state-of-the- art analysis methodologies including machine and deep learning, large scale data processing and visualization, and languages and tools (R, Python, (no-)SQL, Hadoop, Spark, etc.). Responsibilities Include: Drives data science in agile analytical software development teams and develops solutions to support insight generation facilitating successful development, verification and commercialization of diagnostics services & products. Maintains and expands knowledge of and access to available and meaningful data sources within and ex Roche Diagnostics, and their application to NAVIFY customer needs. Uses and continues to foster strong working relationship with global colleagues and customers and builds a strong network in order to jointly explore vendor relationships, data assets, analytical methodologies and toolsets. Performs high quality, timely and accurate analyses using most relevant state-of- the-art methodologies, tools and resources. Builds and maintains partnerships with other data scientists and analysts, biostatistics, medical and business leaders, and other key functional experts. Responsible for planning and timely delivery of assigned projects. Committed to offering innovation, finds opportunities to enhance ways of working (including processes, methods, technology etc.) and shares new techniques and lessons learned pro-actively with peers. Minimum Skills and Experience: 6+ years of relevant experience. PhD or Masters in data science related field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, mathematics, Bioinformatics). Graduate training or experience in epidemiology and outcome is highly preferred. Strong background in Oncology, either by education or professional experience. Strong Programming experience with R, Python, and/or other statistical software packages. Proven practical experience in applying machine learning techniques to large, diverse data sets. Good knowledge of English in a business environment. Strong statistical programming skills in R, Python or another analytical language. In-depth knowledge of relational database principles and corresponding query language skills (e.g. SQL). Experience using big data platforms such as Hadoop (Spark is a plus). Experience in applying statistical modelling, machine learning, exploratory, and confirmatory data analysis in mid to large volume data sets. Familiarity with regulatory framework and guidelines for parma/diagnostics products is a plus. Excellent communication skills; ability to negotiate successfully; strong influencing skills; self-contained and outgoing approach. Strong solution finding, and prioritization skills and attention to detail; Embraces and endorses change. Roche is an equal opportunity employer. Research & Development, Research & Development > Modelling & Simulation