We are hiring Integration Engineers to join our brand-new Phoenix office. You'll be responsible for driving the integration of Paymentwall payment solutions by online merchants into their systems (websites, apps etc.) You'll answer technical questions about Paymentwall APIs and prepare code samples using Paymentwall libraries on GitHub. You'll recommend the best payment solutions to integrate and create integration plans. You'll ensure the integration is done on schedule by merchants' development teams. You'll use the checklist to test if the integration is compliant with Paymentwall implementation and security guidelines. It is a mix of a software engineering and a business role, where you get to consult developers using API docs and code samples, yet you will have a business agenda to push and goals to achieve. This is a great opportunity for business-minded geeks who want to experience different technologies. What you'll do: Review the technical integration of merchants and make sure it follows the necessary implementation and security guidelines; Ensure the integration of Paymentwall is a smooth process; Provide friendly and excellent integration support to our existing merchants and assist them with any development related questions they might have and come up with creative solutions to any problems they might encounter; Review our merchants’ products and come up with the optimal payment solutions and coordinate the integration process; Maintain communication with our partners and keep track of the planned schedule and of each step of the integration process; Maintain the technical documentation and make sure it is up to date; Work closely with our business development team to make sure our partners have the best possible experience working with Paymentwall. What you'll need to have: Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field; Authorization to work in the United Statesl; The candidate must be tech-savvy to the point of being able to discuss the most intricate technical details, and communicate these details eloquently and professionally to our partners; The candidate must be familiar with web and/or mobile development technologies. What you'll get: Competitive Salary Healthcare (medical, dental, vision) Paid vacations and sick leave Parental leave Modern and cool office space Unlimited growth potential