About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 75 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com. The ideal person will find considerable success in translating performance and customer data into insights and ultimately business strategy, working with business teams to find data-driven optimization opportunities and being a driving force in developing a playbook for test driven business improvement. The role of the manager will be to provide quantitative analysis of data in support of testing. Responsibilities Finding opportunities for business performance improvement through application of inferential analysis to web stream, cash register, and profile data. Designing experiments, providing analysis of test results, including primary test questions and segmentation The role will provide opportunities for internal customer facing consultation with leadership of the manager. Requirements Analytical and research skills Strong inferential statistical skills. Strong SQL query skills, particularly in a Hadoop setting The ability to translate analysis into meaningful business recommendations Strong skills with R and Tableau are preferred, especially the ability to build or enhance existing tools or templates. Three to five years of experience in analytics that includes an emphasis in researching and querying databases. Experience in testing methodology, including applying basic statistics to analysis, including modeling. Experience in a fast paced technology and online services setting. LI-JA1 _GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color,_ _creed, religion,_ _sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental_ _disability, pregnancy,_ _childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements._ If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com To submit your application to this position, please click _Apply_ .