Overview Who we are: Meridian Health Plan is a family-owned, family-operated company of passionate leaders, achievers, and innovators dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our members, our providers and in the healthcare industry. We provide government-based health plans (Medicare, Medicaid, and the Health Insurance Marketplace) in five different states (Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, and Ohio). Our employees work hard, play hard, and give back. Meridian employees enjoy: Happy hours, special events, company sports teams, potlucks, Bagel Fridays, weekly Executive Lunches, and volunteer opportunities. A Day in the Life of a Jr. Business Analyst: This position is primarily responsible for requirements gathering and analysis, impact assessment, and creation of business requirements and functional requirements documents. This position collaborates with business owners, subject matter experts, Delivery Leads, Architects, and other resources as needed throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC). This position is responsible for adhering to corporate SDLC standards. Secondary responsibilities include creation of process flows, design of screen mock-ups, and participation in system design discussions. Responsibilities Documents and analyzes business processes and participates in business process improvement initiatives Participates in joint application design (JAD) sessions Solicits and documents business and functional requirements, along with any additional artifacts, to define client needs/wants Manages business requirements and functional requirements documents throughout all SDLC phases Participates in logical design of system functional solutions with the technical team Creates screen mock-ups based on functional design discussion and transfers these mock-ups to functional requirements Facilitates communication between business owners and the technical team Establishes and maintains traceability between business and functional requirements and related artifacts in accordance with department guidelines and audit requirements Communicates regularly with Development and QA teams to ensure accurate understanding and interpretation of requirements and related artifacts Provides support during deployment of functionality to production environment as necessary Assists in the preparation of user training materials as necessary Performs other duties as assigned Qualifications What you can bring to Meridian: Education: Bachelor’s degree or Fellow Designation from the Academy of Healthcare Management (AHM) is required Experience: Experience with business process definition and modeling preferred Experience with business requirements definition preferred At least six (6) months of analysis experience is preferred Skills: Strong verbal and written communication skills Proficiency with MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio) Detail-oriented Strong interpersonal skills Abilities: Ability to relate business requirements to existing systems or operational processes Ability to facilitate meetings and give presentations Ability to balance multiple projects simultaneously with supervision Ability to work independently or with a team What Meridian can offer you: Our healthcare benefits include a variety of PPO plans that are effective on the first day of employment for our new full-time team members. Opportunity to work with the industry’s leading technologies and participate in unique projects, demonstrations, conferences, and exclusive learning opportunities. Meridian offers 401k matching that is above the national average. Full-time MHP employees are eligible for tuition reimbursement towards Bachelor’s or Master’s degrees. Meridian Health Plan was named Detroit's 1 Fastest Growing Company by Crain's Magazine, so it is a great time to get involved with Meridian.