RRC - IT Enterprise Architect ( 00002258 ) Organization : RAILROAD COMMISSION OF TEXAS Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : RRC Headquarters 1701 N Congress Avenue Austin 78701 Job : Computer and Mathematical Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 State Job Code : 0258 Salary Admin Plan : B Grade : 28 Salary (Pay Basis) : 6,999.25 - 10,000.00 Number of Openings : 1 Overtime Status : Exempt Job Posting : Jul 10, 2018, 10:29:58 AM Closing Date : Ongoing Description Job Description The Railroad Commission of Texas (RRC) is seeking an Enterprise Architect. We are transforming our information technology (IT) architecture and you will be a key contributor in this endeavor. You will be developing a new architecture that will become the backbone of the Commission’s IT services. Key components of this work will include understanding the current RRC architecture and challenges; defining an enterprise data model; applying existing, new, and emerging technologies to RRC business and operating models; and leading the evolution of enterprise architecture at RRC. The Enterprise Architect performs highly advanced and/or supervisory (senior- level) data and systems analysis work. Work involves taking business strategy and defining an IT systems architecture to support that strategy; data modeling; designing strategies and setting standards for development and operations; and overseeing the implementation of those standards. May plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Job Duties Oversees and/or participates in the development and execution of enterprise level strategies and technical direction, including establishing processes and procedures for executing and maintaining technology road maps. Oversees projects that cross functional agency systems and other state entities that require coordinating, planning, and scheduling during project development and implementation stages. Develops and implements strategic planning actions and policy decisions related to the agency’s systems, and makes recommendations concerning the direction of the agency’s computer and management information systems. Prepares information technology plans and justifications. Responsible for enterprise architecture strategies, processes and methodologies. Leads the analysis, evaluation and development of enterprise long-term strategic and operating plans to ensure that the enterprise architecture objectives are consistent with the agency’s long-term business objectives. Shares best practices, lessons learned and constantly updates the technical system architecture requirements based on changing technologies, and knowledge related to recent, current and upcoming vendor products and solutions. Identifies implementation risks and analyzes potential impact on the enterprise and on the achievement of scheduled objectives. Identifies and recommends areas appropriate for further study and participates in any Proof of Concept projects required to thoroughly investigate architectural possibilities and strengthen arguments for their adoption. Provides guidelines on creating data models and various standards relating to governed data; Insures compliance with agency security standards and policies. Reviews changes to technical and business metadata, realizing their impacts on enterprise applications, and ensures the impacts are communicated to appropriate parties. May supervise the work of others. Performs related work as assigned. State Classification : 0258 State Classification Title: SYSTEM ANALYST VII Salary Group: B28 Military Occupational Specialty Codes (MOSC): Army – 25, 25B Navy - IT Coast Guard – 275, IT Air Force – 3A Marines – No Military Equivalent Additional Military Crosswalk information can be accessed at http://www.hr.sao.texas.gov/compensation/MilitaryCrosswalk/MOSC_ProgramManagement.pdf Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Graduation from an accredited 4-year college or university with major course work in computer science, information systems or related field. Equivalent experience may be substituted on a year for year basis. A minimum of five (5) years’ experience in at least three disciplines, such as business information, solution or technical architecture, application development, middleware, information analysis, database management or operations in a multitier environment. A minimum of five (5) years’ experience in strategic and operations planning and/or business analysis. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Knowledge of business models, operating models, financial models, cost-benefit analysis, budgeting, and risk management. Knowledge of business ecosystems, SaaS, infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), SOA, APIs, open data, microservices, event-driven IT and predictive analytics. Knowledge of relational database technologies, preferably Oracle. Knowledge of local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to data management and data governance. Knowledge of limitations and capabilities of computer systems. Knowledge of technology across all network layers and computer platforms. Knowledge of operational support of networks, operating systems, Internet technologies, databases, and security applications. Skill in coordinating and solving problems. Skill in managing user expectations and satisfaction. Ability to think, behave, and act in an innovative consulting manner to drive the organization’s digital business strategies. Ability to balance the long-term (“big picture”) and short-term implications of individual decisions. Ability to develop standards, guidelines, policies, and procedures designed to ensure the integrity of the database environment. Ability to lead diverse activities while maintaining a high degree of efficiency in achieving the Commission goals through consistent, effective assessment and implementation of improvements. Ability to exercise sound judgment in making critical decisions; to analyze complex information and develop plans; to interpret complex data; to effectively demonstrate negotiation and facilitation skills; to communicate effectively; and to plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others. Ability to respond effectively in high priority, high pressure, or highly visible situations (e.g. Elected Official, Legislative, or Executive requests) when necessary and meet changing demands, priorities, and timelines. Ability to communicate complex technical information clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing, to diverse audiences. Ability to take initiative and work independently. Ability to work effectively on a team as a member and leader. Ability to address issues/concerns in a professional manner. Ability to train others. Ability to exercise tact and courtesy. Ability to work Monday-Friday, 8AM – 5PM with occasional flexible hours, overtime, weekends. Remarks : There is one vacancy THE RAILROAD COMMISSION OF TEXAS ONLY ACCEPTS ONLINE APPLICATIONS FOR THIS POSTING. Due to the high volume of applications we do not accept telephone calls. Only candidates selected for interview will be contacted. Notifications to applicants are sent electronically to the email address you provide. The Railroad Commission of Texas is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age or disability in employment or in the provision of services. The Railroad Commission of Texas is a smoke-free workplace.