Summary This recruitment is open until filled. The first application screening will occur on all applications received prior to August 23rd. Interviews may occur in early September. You will be a part of the top HR executive team and work in collaboration with the Executive's Office, the Executive's Office of Equity and Social Justice, and the King County Council to champion our Workforce Equity strategy and to ensure it informs the service we provide and how we deliver it. You will report directly to the Human Resource Director, and provide oversight and continuity across departments regarding issues related to workforce equity, diversity and inclusion. King County As the only county in the United States named after Martin Luther King, Jr., King County is a vibrant community with residents that represent countries from around the world. It is a region with increasing diversity that cherishes the artistic and social traditions of many cultures. Together, we're changing the way government delivers service and winning national recognition as a model of excellence. We continue to build on an enduring legacy of shared values of equity and social justice, employee engagement, innovative thinking, and continuous improvement. With this commitment, King County has adopted a pro-equity agenda aimed at advancing regional change and is developing the systems and standards necessary to achieve better outcomes for all of our residents, regardless of their race or income. All of these qualities make King County one of the nation's best places to live, work, and play. Who May Apply This position is open to all qualified applicants. Work Schedule This position is exempt from the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act, and is therefore not eligible for overtime pay. The position's base work schedule is Monday through Friday, 8:00 am – 5:00 pm; work outside of the normal work day will be required. Forms and Materials Required An online employment application, completed at www.kingcounty.gov/jobs, with employment history going back at least ten years if you have ten years of employment (or more to include all relevant experience), a resume, and a cover letter summarizing why you are interested in this position, and why you believe you will be a strong fit for the position are required. Please see application instructions at the end of this posting for more details. Questions For more information regarding this recruitment, please contact: Susan Eddy, SPHR, SHRM-SCP Special Projects Manager III 206-477-6003 susan.eddy@kingcounty.gov Job Duties Key Deliverables include: This position is primarily responsible for developing and implementing the workforce equity, diversity and inclusion strategy for King County, working in conjunction with senior HR leaders, department leadership, the Executive's Office, the Office of Equity & Social Justice, and the King County Council. In addition, the incumbent will: Provide oversight and guidance to the Workforce Equity team, workforce Diversity & Inclusion Managers imbedded within departments, (as well as any position responsible for localized workforce diversity & inclusion work), and investigations and compliance. Advise top leadership on matters related to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action, workforce equity diversity and inclusion, as well as provide oversight and management around compliance with county, state and federal regulations and requirements related to protected class status. Partner effectively with the Office of Equity & Social Justice on implementation and delivery of the Equity and Social Justice Strategic plan and workforce/workplace equity strategies. Seek out and advise workforce equity, diversity and inclusion work being done at a department level, identifying ways to elevate applicable work to an enterprise-level and provide support and consistency for the County's workforce equity, diversity and inclusion practices. Monitor progress and lead advancement of workforce equity goals, including hiring, promotion and retention of racial diversity. Advise and provide guidance on standardization of best practices that advance racially equitable hiring and workforce development. Establish and maintain an effective and consistent communication around the workforce equity, diversity and inclusion strategic direction, including actively seeking input from our employees, leaders, labor and the communities we serve. Consolidate data and prepare presentations for employees and county leadership including elected officials and external partners. Performing other duties as assigned, (e.g. special projects, strategic initiatives, annual budgeting, reviews, investigations, mediations, facilitations, etc.). Experience, Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills The ideal candidate for this position will be geared towards a highly collaborative, engaged environment, and will be able to function both independently and as a member of the senior leadership team. They are racially resilient, with the stamina to sustain conscious and explicit engagement around race. They have advanced understanding and are committed to continuously learning about and addressing systems of racial bias, race, racism, institutional racism, privilege and whiteness in the context of the history of colonialism, patriarchy and racism in the United States. The candidate is also able to consistently engage and inspire others to bring their best and full selves to serve the extremely diverse communities King County serves, and to create the foundation for a workplace where every employee feels welcomed, valued, and supported. In addition, those minimally qualified will possess the following: Minimum qualifications: Seven or more years successful supervisory experience in managing a diverse work team with advanced experience in management coaching, mentoring and supporting colleagues while being coached, mentored and supported by colleagues; Five years of progressive leadership experience in developing policies and practices to support and create a racially just and equitable workplace from hire to retire, cross-cultural communication, mediation, facilitation, human resources; workforce equity, diversity and inclusion, equal employment opportunity/affirmative action program implementation, or related work, OR a combination of education, training, or life experience which provides an equivalent background required to actively perform the work of this position; Broad knowledge and experience enforcing and implementing laws, programs, practices processes and procedures related to equity, diversity and inclusion (EEO, AA, non-discrimination, anti-harassment, Equity & Social Justice, etc.); Advanced knowledge of human resources policy and strategic planning analysis, techniques and principles, including investigations, restorative workplace practices and creating equitable workplaces; Advanced experience in creating processes and systems for documenting, reporting and monitoring investigations and equitable outcomes; Knowledge of unionized workforces and collective bargaining agreements; Advanced skills in applying quantitative and qualitative analysis and evaluating data for equitable decision making regarding hiring, retention and promotions; Advanced experienced working in a highly matrixed and political environment; Advanced skills in effective oral and written communication, including public speaking; Able to build trusted relationships, interact and influence across all levels within the County; Able to effectively engage in and sustain relationships with people from diverse cultures and socio-economic backgrounds; Able to create, nurture, and support open dialogue for multiple perspectives and styles to be heard; Able to conduct and/or oversee discrimination and harassment investigations in compliance with county, state and federal laws; Able to regularly discourage or stop negative, disrespectful, or unprofessional behaviors in the workplace; Able to speak out against and immediately report instances of racism, discrimination and other harassing behavior; Uses language and behavior that consistently respects and honors the dignity of diverse people and employees. Desired (in addition to minimum) qualifications : Extensive knowledge of and experience in applying laws, programs, practices processes and procedures related to equity, diversity and inclusion (EEO, AA, non-discrimination, anti-harassment, Equity & Social Justice, etc.); Demonstrated knowledge of and experience in applying and analyzing human resources, policy and strategic planning analysis, techniques and principles with a racial equity lens; Highly skilled in working in a highly matrixed and political environment; Professional experience interacting with cabinet and/or elected leaders on politically sensitive or controversial issues or policies; Skilled in designing systems that address and dismantle institutional/systemic racial and gender oppression in the workplace; Skilled in designing accountability systems for equitable hiring, employee retention and other workforce metrics; Skilled in adapting messages to the needs of a diverse audience and/or complex situations; Demonstrated ability to create and sustain environments that support people to bring their full selves to work so they can innovate and thrive; Advanced skills as a technical and subject matter expert in the area of workforce equity, civil rights (non-discrimination/anti-harassment), inclusion, diversity and racial justice; Skilled in engaging in conversations about race, gender and all systems of privilege in a way that normalizes discussion and draws others in; Advanced skills in facilitation and/or mediation to resolve negative or challenging situations created by racial tension. Supplemental Information SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Application Process Applicants should complete the online application, and attach or paste in your resume and attach a brief cover letter. Applicants who are unable to apply online should follow the instructions under Tips On Applying at www.kingcounty.gov/jobs If you need an accommodation in the recruitment process or an alternate format of this announcement, please inquire directly with the Human Resources contact for this job announcement. Selection Process Applicants will be screened for clarity, completeness, and competitiveness. The most competitive candidates may be invited to participate in one or more interviews. Reference checks will also be conducted. The King County Executive Branch is committed to promoting equal employment opportunity, affirmative action, and diversity in the workplace. Union Membership The position is not represented by a union. Class Code: 2317100