Children’s Institute, Inc. (CII) is looking for a dedicated Database Coordinator to join our outstanding team! The Database Coordinator ensures that the Early Childhood Education (ECE) Database systems are kept up-to-date and meet the needs and goals of the program. Configures and maintains the database. Performs quality assurance checks on all database entries. Manages staff trainings on all database systems for ECE. Provides database and technical support and service to all ECE staff. Responsible for the planning, direction, organization, and execution of all information technology functions. Children’s Institute is a compassionate, innovative leader in the fields of trauma focused treatment, youth development and early childhood and family support services. More than 24,000 children and families in some of Los Angeles’ most underserved communities benefit from CII’s commitment to developing and maintaining an investigative learning approach. The work of CII stretches across many disciplines and program structures in order to positively affect the lives of children and families in Los Angeles. Responsibilities 1\. Maintains the integrity of the ECE database systems, including but not limited to, Child Plus, Learning Genie, and DRDP-Tech and ensures that they support the program’s needs and goals listed below: a. Performs regular audits and conducts weekly quality assurance on the database; b. Manages the creation, implementation, and review of database policies and procedures; c. Manager the link between Child Plus, Learning Genie, and DRDP-Tech; d. Utilizes the knowledge of the system platform to monitor its proper performance; and e. Adds new users and provides appropriate access for all users. 2\. Completes all rollovers and uploads at appropriate times in order to ensure the databases are ready for the following program year. 3\. Ensures that program reporting requirements are met (DRDP-Tech uploads, Learning Genie uploads, PIR, Child Plus rollover, etc.) This Position Requires: Three years of database management experience. High school diploma or general education degree (GED) required. What We Offer: Competitive Salary Opportunity for advancement Access to continuous training and development Free Medical, Dental, and Vision under HMO Life insurance Tuition reimbursement 401(a) and 403(b) Generous paid time off Company sponsored team building events are always on the horizon Ex. Spartan race teams, bowling, fit club, and more. Children’s Institute, Inc. does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations.