Our past is full of iconic moments — but our future is going to spark many more. We're looking for the people who'll help make our next decade just as revolutionary as our first five. If you're one of the super-talented who thrive on change, aren't afraid to take risks and love to make a difference, you're the right fit. Come grow with us. The Cloud Architect is responsible for Gap’s migration strategy to the public cloud, working with internal product teams to build and implement cloud solutions on an enterprise scale. This is a senior technical position that will partner heavily across the GapTech community and other organizations. You will be expected to drive the preparation and maintenance of an end-to-end target state architecture of applications within the public cloud footprint, as well as working hand-in-hand with engineering teams to migrate and build product capabilities in the cloud. The role also contains an evangelical aspect and there will be the opportunity to participate in hands-on technical POCs alongside the cloud engineering and migration product teams. This role will report into the Enterprise Architecture team, but will work closely with application migration and development teams. Responsibilities: Understand and lead the execution of GapTech’s cloud migration strategy. Work closely with engineering teams to implement cloud-based solutions and data services. Design application cloud environments with a focus on Microsoft Azure and Oracle Cloud, and demonstrate Technical Cloud Architectural knowledge, playing a vital role in the design of production, test and development cloud infrastructures Document standards and processes of migration methodologies and techniques for large scale applications. Drive experiments to evaluate new technologies and methodologies to accelerate project delivery. Assist in triage of other projects/programs and makes technical recommendations to senior-level leadership. Partner with vendor (Microsoft and Oracle) cloud architects to assess feature gaps between cloud providers. Provide technical thought leadership on all aspects of Cloud migration, focusing on architectural and industry best practices. Partner with product architects and engineering teams to define optimization roadmaps to take advantage of PaaS offerings Work with product architects and engineering teams to build new capabilities based on cloud-native technologies Oversight experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams Ability to present solutions at high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences Qualifications: Minimum 5+ years experience architecting, migrating, and developing technology solutions with public cloud (preferably in Microsoft Azure and Oracle Cloud) In depth knowledge of Cloud offerings (IaaS, PaaS) and how they can be effectively used Strong understanding of best architectural practices deploying in a multi-cloud environment Cloud data services (Database Architecture, Big Data, Data Governance, No-SQL databases) Cloud application development (DevOps, AGILE, SCRUM with Java, JSON, Node.js, PHP, Perl, Python) Deep understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends Hands-on experience as required to perform technical proof of concepts Experience in preparing architecture diagrams and writing approach papers Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing cloud consumption share in large or highly strategic accounts Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication 15+ years of total technology experience handling large scale applications 10+ years of architecture, design, implementation, and/or support of highly distributed applications (i.e. having an architectural sense for ensuring availability, reliability, etc.) 5+ years of experience in “migrating” on premise workloads to the cloud KEY BENEFITS: Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry. Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice. Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay. Employee stock purchase plan. Employees receive medical, dental, vision and life insurance. Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement. Family care programs. Commuter benefits. Pet Discount Program. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. In 2016, Gap Inc. was named one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the thirteenth consecutive year and was the sole winner of the Catalyst award for equality in the workplace in 2016.