About the Role As a Memory System Interconnect Microarchitect, you will be a pivotal member of the Central Technology team. Together we will work to build the next- generation interconnect products in high-end mobile, networking, automotive, and enterprise markets. You will work closely with a talented team to design specifications and microarchitecture for high-performance, energy-efficient interconnects. Your expertise will contribute to our ground breaking interconnects; protocol bridging, QoS, multi-chip, IO acceleration, and state of the art memory technologies. You will guide the next generation of high performance complete SoC interconnect solutions for Arm and the semiconductor ecosystem. What will I be accountable for? As a member of our elite team you will produce Interconnect Architecture and Micro-architecture specifications You will establish a roadmap for increasing functionality, ease of use, and efficiency for our interconnects and other system components over several product generations Job Requirements What skills, experience and qualifications do I need? A Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering strongly preferred. Bachelor's degree along with relevant experience will be considered Minimum of 8+ years of work experience in microprocessor, SoC, memory controller and interconnect IP design Experience with coherent and non-coherent on-chip interconnects Experience with Network on Chip interconnectsExperience on interconnect and bus architectures (with proficiency in IO acceleration, PCIe, system caching, QoS)CPU or compute subsystem memory micro-architecture Processor system knowledge including basic understanding of SoC systems as well as operating system software Demonstrate enthusiasm, drive and diligence Work well in a team environment Have excellent written and verbal communication skills Be motivated to continuously develop skills and accept a variety of responsibilities as part of the Arm success Be able to travel for international team collaboration, or customer interaction What are the desired behaviours for this role? At Arm, we are proud to have a set of behaviours that reflect our culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to "defy ordinary and shape extraordinary". These behaviours are assessed through the recruitment process: Partner and customer focus – Your tendency to put your partners and customers first in all that you do by understanding their needs to achieve winning solutions. Collaboration and communication – Your ability to build lasting relationships on mutual trust, open communication and sharing of information and success. Creativity and innovation – Possessing a real passion for driving continuous improvement through spotting opportunities and seeking the views of others. Team and personal development – You take time to drive your own development, and encouraging team members and partners to do the same. Impact and influence – You listen to different perspectives, evaluate, persuade and carefully shape your work to deliver impactful results. Deliver on your promises – You demonstrate a can-do attitude and drive to overcome obstacles, acting with a sense of urgency because you’re passionate about what you do. LI-KS1