HII – Mission Driven Innovative Solutions Inc. (HII-MIS) provides mission- critical engineering and technical service to Information Technology, Federal Civilian, and National Security, Aerospace & Defense and International government and commercial customers at over 100 locations worldwide. HII - MIS is currently seeking an Entry Application Systems Analyst to work out of Eagan, MN. Duties and Responsibilities (to include but not be limited to the following): Under general direction, formulates and defines system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding to develop or modify moderately complex information systems. Exercises analytical techniques when gathering information from users, defining work problems, designing a system of computer programs, and developing procedures to resolve the problems. Prepares detailed specifications from which programs will be written. Develops and modifies complex systems and develops subsystems to enhance the overall operational system. Analyzes and revises existing system logic difficulties and documentation as necessary. Analyzes methods of approach. Reviews task proposal requirements, gathers information, analyzes data, prepares project synopses, compares alternatives, prepares specifications for programs, resolves processing problems, coordinates work with programmers, and orients users to new systems. Competent to work on routine systems analysis activities, but requires instruction and guidance in complex activities. Qualifications and Experience: Required- A minimum of 0-2 years of experience with strong knowledge in the following qualifications: Ability to perform basic SQL Queries. Basic knowledge of the Unix operating system Knowledge of relational databases, objects, tables etc. Ability to perform analysis of customer requirements and design technical solutions Familiarity with Agile Willingness to learn new programming languages, business processes Ability to listen, comprehend, and apply technical solutions to problems presented to them from senior staff Preferred – A degree from an accredited College/University in the applicable field of services is preferred Security: Must be able to obtain and keep a USPS Sensitive Clearance. Must be a U.S. Citizen and have been living in the U.S. for at least the last five years. Must not have traveled outside of the United States for more than 180 days in the last five years. All candidates will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and drug screening per HII requirements About Us Camber Corporation is part of the Integrated Mission Solutions Group of HII’s Technical Solutions division. Integrated Mission Solutions Group is a leading provider of Agile Software Engineering and Information Technology solutions; All Hazards services; Modeling, Simulation, and Training solutions and services; Unmanned Systems support; Intelligence Analysis and Operations; and Engineering and Management services to Department of Defense, Federal, and commercial customers. Integrated Mission Solutions Group (Camber), a subsidiary of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII) is headquartered in Huntsville, AL. From Camber’s founding in 1990, we have grown to 32 offices, positioned to provide responsive support to our customers across the United States. We deploy personnel to support our customers globally, including many locations in Asia, Africa, and Europe, providing daily interface on technical, programmatic, and operations issues. Overall, more than 1,600 Camber professionals deliver ISO 9001:2008-certified and CMMI ML3 high-value solutions to customers worldwide. Camber Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE/AA Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled