About Bill.com Bill.com is the leading business payments network, with 3 million members paying and getting paid over $52 billion per year. Bill.com saves companies more than 50% of the time typically spent on financial back-office operations and helps businesses get paid 3 - 4 times faster by automating end-to-end payment processes. The company is the choice of 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks; leading accounting software providers QuickBooks Online and Xero; and over 50 percent of the top 100 U.S. accounting firms. It is the only business payments solution endorsed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA). The recipient of more than 70 awards, Bill.com proudly received multiple PC Magazine's Editor's Choice Awards and CEO René Lacerte was recently recognized as an E &Y; Entrepreneur of the Year. Mission: We are looking for a talented, enthusiastic and dedicated person to join Bill.com’s Risk Management team. The incumbent will be responsible for assisting in key initiatives and activities associated with risk analytics, fraud detection and loss prevention at Bill.Com.anallytics Professional Experience/Background to be successful in this role: Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate large amounts of data with attention to detail and accuracy BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management , Statistics or similar field. Advanced degree preferred. 1+ years of risk analysis or data analysis experience Adept at SQL queries, reporting and presenting findings Proficient in Excel Excellent organizational and time management skills – must possess ability to prioritize and balance multiple tasks simultaneously Desirable to have experience in payments, financial services, ecommerce or SaaS companies Experience with, or interest in, data models, visualization and segmentation techniques Competencies (Attributes needed to be successful in this role): Functional/Technical Expertise Values Learning Abilities/Tech Savvy Communication Team Player Expected Outcomes in 12 months: Analyze internal and external data sources to provide risk related insights and recommendations Create, maintain and continuously refine risk strategies, rules and models Develop portfolio level analytics and reporting Conduct ongoing risk monitoring through analytical reports and trends Partner with product team in the design and implementation of risk strategies Refine existing decisioning to improve approval rates and existing verification processes Provide ongoing performance tracking of decision systems and statistical models Bill.com Culture: Humble – No ego Fun – Celebrate the moments Authentic – We are who we are Passionate – Love what you do Dedicated – To each other and the customer