Our Exciting Work Environment EXTRAORDINARY UNDERGRADUATE & GRADUATE INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES!! Are you an energetic undergraduate or graduate student who’s seeking an incredible internship program? If so, this may be the perfect internship for you! Keep reading to learn more about this great opportunity to gain valuable work experience! About Delaware North A global leader in hospitality and food service, Delaware North is one of the largest privately held companies in North America. The company has a strong reputation in its industries – hospitality, food service, travel and tourism, retail, gaming and entertainment- with more than 100 locations in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and United Kingdom. Visit www.delawarenorth.com. Internships at Delaware North Delaware North provides a fun, fast-paced and friendly environment for its interns, offering students an inside look on working for a global hospitality company. Internships are paid and can be completed for academic credit! Opportunities are available at our Corporate Headquarters in Buffalo, NY - an iconic 12-story glass walled structure on the corner of Delaware and Chippewa. The headquarters integrates the latest advances in environmental, energy conservation and office design and features cutting-edge technology. Picture yourself here in this brand new, modern office space with access to state-of- the-art systems and learning from an extraordinary team! Semester internship dates: August 27th- November 30th Will vary by department needs Pay: $12 per/hour for undergraduate students, $17 per/hour for graduate students. Must be a current student in an undergraduate or graduate degree program The Opportunity Learning Objectives & Goals: Become familiar for the capital development process for design and construction Improve communication skills in oral and written presentations Enhance technical capabilities in project management Advance systems capabilities in a well know project management platform Meet and collaborate with design and construction partners working for DN Test and refine PM Web reporting structures and outputs Responsibilities / Duties: Review the development process for design and construction to assure integration Work with a team of professional capital project managers on project reporting Assist in the development and implementation of PM Web (PM systems platform) Support the department in project data migration and systems troubleshooting Test and refine PM Web reporting structures and outputs Requirements: Degree Required (Bachelor’s or Master’s candidate): Major (Design, Communication, Business or Engineering): Software/Technical Skills: Familiarity in database and scheduling software systems and set up (Excel, Microsoft Projects, Procore or similar). Data analysis and reporting. Other Skills or Experience: Teamwork and collaboration, comfortable with presentations Who We Are Take your career beyond the ordinary—to the extraordinary. At Delaware North, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. Whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. We empower you to do great work in a company with 100 years of success, stability and growth. If you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision, grow with us. Delaware North is one of the largest and most admired, privately-held hospitality companies in the world. Founded and owned by the Jacobs family for nearly 100 years, it is a global leader in hospitality and food service with operations in the sports, travel hospitality, restaurants and catering, parks, resorts, gaming and specialty retail industries. Delaware North has annual revenue exceeding $3 billion with 60,000 employee associates. To learn more, visit www.delawarenorth.com. All applicants will be subject to a pre-employment background check and may be subject to a pre-employment drug test depending upon the position and/or client requirements. Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer.