Job Description When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals. How Will You Make an Impact? Reporting to the Logistics Manager, the Warehouse Manager is responsible for providing overall supervision and leadership to the Shipping, Receiving, and Material Center personnel. This includes coordination and management of duties related to shipping, receiving, storing, issuing and delivering a variety of materials, equipment and supplies from main Warehouse as well as offside warehouse location(s). What will you do? Represents the department in the absence of Logistics Manager. Conducts employee performance evaluations. Maintains receiving, warehousing (both on and offsite) and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing programs, operational and personnel policies and ISO released procedures. Controls inventory levels by conducting physical counts reconciling with data storage system (SAP). Maintains physical condition of warehouse by implementing new design layouts using PPI processes, inspecting equipment, issuing work orders for repair or requisitions for replacement. Completes warehouse operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. Maintains warehouse staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees. Maintains warehouse staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees, planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Performs other duties as assigned. How will you get there? Education \- High School Diploma, Degree Preferred or equivalent required. Experience Requires a minimum of 5 years of related experience preferably in a high paced manufacturing environment. Budget Development Excellent supervisory skills Safety management skills, Process Management & Standards Development Inventory Control Data Analysis Excellent decision-making skills Must be proficient in MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Internet Explorer). Physical Duties: Normal office environment with a moderate amount of bending, standing and walking. All responsibilities assume the ability to speak, hear, see and be manually dexterous. Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.