Illuminate the Power of Your Data Start. Stay. Grow. Clarity Insights has a diverse, talented team with an uncompromising, singular focus on client success. We share a vision: produce innovative, value-driven data and analytics solutions that transform the way businesses think about, organize and use data. Leadership Development Program (LDP) Clarity believes in the practice of hiring the best in the world and growing our leadership team from within our Leadership Development Program (LDP). After starting your career at Clarity, our LDP Consultants are rapidly integrated into an active, transparent, and progressive culture where they are encouraged to contribute directly to the future of Clarity. We support our Consultants by providing ongoing training, diverse networks, mentorship, and formal career planning Clarity is hiring motivated and talented college graduates to join our team. As an Associate Consultant, you will embark on a challenging and rewarding career with one of the fastest growing professional services firm in the country, implementing cutting-edge business analytics solutions for Fortune 500 companies. Join our team to collaborate and make a difference with world-class companies that are making a difference. The work we do carries significance for both our clients and ourselves. Responsibilities Develop data engineering and analytics applications using industry-leading technologies Learn and apply new technologies and platforms (e.g. data visualization, MPP’s, cloud computing, predictive modeling) designed to answer our client’s biggest data challenges Work with experienced teams to ensure application quality and scalability Work with industry experts to analyze business and data requirements Qualifications Bachelor’s degree required (Computer Science, Mathematics, Business Analytics or Engineering preferred) 0 to 3 years of experience Highly analytical and demonstrated technical aptitude - some experience in coding Desire to work in a highly technical environment Excellent oral and written communication skills Proven leadership and teamwork experience Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit Ability to travel up to 100% nationally Travel to the client on a weekly basis is required. Normal weekly schedule is M-TH travel to client location (U.S. based) NOTE: We are only considering candidates interested in full-time employment who do not require Visa Sponsorship or transfers now or in the future. Experience with the following a plus: Structured Query Language (SQL) Databases (Oracle, MS SQL Server, Netezza, Teradata, DB2) Experience developing and scripting in Linux and Unix-like OS environments Programming and Scripting (Java, C, C/C++, Python, Perl, PHP, Fortran) Data Integration Tools (Informatica, DataStage, Ab Initio, SISS) Information Delivery Tools (MicroStrategy, Cognos, BOBJ, SSRS, SSAS) Data Visualization Tools (Qlikview, Tableau) Statistical and Analytics Tools and Platforms (SAS, R, Matlab, Mahout, NLTK, Bayesian Models) Big Data Technologies (Hadoop, NoSQL) Why Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now? We don’t try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. It sounds ridiculous but you actually need to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we don’t hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline – in terms they can understand – why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers – you know – GEEK OUT. We’re not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but here’s a suggestion – if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk. NOTE: We are only considering candidates interested in full-time employment who do not require Visa Sponsorship or transfers now or in the future. _Clarity Insights is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity._ LI-JP1 GLDR