Provides advanced support to end-users for PC hardware, operating systems, software applications, peripherals, Installations and device imaging. Responds to, diagnose and troubleshoot problems through discussion with users, to restore service and/or identify and correct problems. Daily operational requirements include excellent communications and customer service skills. Position requires individual to closely interact with end users diplomatically and technically. Work hours and days to be established by contract requirements. Overtime will be required for this position as necessary for after hour support. Job Description Position Summary: Day to Day Operation Skills: Provides on-site service support, installation, configuration and problem resolution in PC /Network environments. Provides advanced degree of technical support to customers on operational or maintenance aspects of system equipment and serves as customer contact on technical and service related problems. Diagnoses and repairs mechanical, hardware, software and system failures using established procedures. Act as the primary provider of technical support to desktop and laptop computer users for hardware, OS, and application issues for all end users including Executive Level customers. Monitor and update Service Desk incident tracking tickets for purposes of demonstrating compliance with issue response and resolution, Service Level Agreements, logging daily activities and documenting solutions Function as primary point of contact and communication with customer from assignment of ticket to successful resolution of issue, including scheduling work and keeping customer aware of work status and solution progress. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Good understanding of OS; Windows 7 , 8 and 10 issues Experience providing Imaging of Laptops and Desktop PC s Experience performing installations, moves, software and hardware adds and changes to end users IT equipment. Experience in end user support using remote support tools Experience supporting VIP and executive staff Ability to update device bios or drivers Ability to effectively research issues encountered and effectively resolve Ability to interact with resolver groups to diagnose and resolve problems when possible. Ability to document process and procedures for self-help and for informational troubleshooting for other resolver groups Ability to perform end users adds, changes, deletions and password resets in Active Directory Ability to support end user mobile smart devices i. e.: Apple iPad, Apple iPhones, Android, Tablets Experience with installation and support of Network Devices i. e.: routers, switches, wireless access points Must have the technical ability to provide desk side support for computer and printer hardware, common software applications, Microsoft OS issues. Must be a proficient user of personal computer tools for word processing, decision support and communication. Must be skilled in problem solving techniques and repair. Experience utilizing remote support tools for end user support; diagnostic and repair Ability to troubleshoot, configure end user mobile devices i. e.: Smart Devices, iPad, iPhone, Tablets, Android devices Able to understand technical concepts and can develop ways to help others learn. Ability to solve complex problems with innovative solutions. Ability to manage multiple priorities. Ability to quickly and proactively gain an understanding of the client's business problems and deliver solutions and recommendations to solve. Executive Support experience a must - must have excellent communication skills. Experience: 5+ years providing end user Desk side computer support with focus in two or more of the following areas: Desktop software (MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, Communication protocols TCP/IP Desktop hardware (PCs, printers, device drivers), Microsoft Office 2007 /2010 / 365. Qualifications Minimum Requirements: 5+ years experience providing Deskside support to end users Associates Degree / Technical School graduate or equivalent Military experience considered Excellent Customer Service Skills Proactive approach to customer service Ability to diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve PC Laptop and Desktop hardware and application issues Experience in providing end user support utilizing remote management tools Ability to support end user mobile smart devices Ability to perform installation, move add and changes to end user desktop environment Ability to diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve end user network connectivity issues Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. Ability to work independently prioritizing daily operational objectives for support Preferred Requirements Active Directory experience Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10 Office 2007, 2010 , 365 Image creation and management Experience using SCCM Ticket / Queue management ITIL Foundation Apple MAC OS and HW support Education Associates or Equivalent Alternate Location: US-Texas-Austin Requisition : 198049 This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find. centurylink. jobs/testguides/ EEO Statement We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses ). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training. Disclaimer The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.