The Promotions team is responsible for some of Wayfair’s most visible and highest trafficked pages, with a combined annual revenue of over $2B. As a strong Product Manager, will be tasked with growing one of our emerging business within Wayfair, Bundling. Bundling allows customers to save money when they purchase specific products together. You’ll work with Wayfairians from Engineering, Product, Sales, Inventory, Warehousing, Marketing, Supplier Relations, and Finance, to name just a few. As a Product Manager, you will lead a cross-functional team of engineers, designers, analysts, and other internal partners to envision, build, and deliver customer experiences that impact tens of millions of consumers. You must be able to transform quantitative and qualitative data from our customers into insights and strategy to drive product development priorities. You transform those strategies into technical requirements, and work closely with design and engineering to deliver site enhancements and new features at a fast pace. As the CEO of your product(s), you’ll be responsible for wearing any and all hats. You will own your roadmap, maniacally measure performance, keep your pulse on the customer, anticipate bottlenecks, make tradeoffs, and take acceptable risks to maximize the benefit for our customer and business. And if you’re doing it right, you’re having a ton of fun and learning every day. You must have a strong bias-for-action, be extremely curious and be willing to identify and fill gaps where necessary to get the job done. You will be asked to break down complex problems and back up your recommendations with quantitative and qualitative reasoning. You will be a member of a team consisting of Engineers, UX Designers and Analysts and play a central role in organizing and communicating their efforts. How you’ll drive success: Product Manager’s at Wayfair are exceptionally strong in both quantitative and qualitative analysis, and demonstrate superior communication skills to constituents across the business. Utilize data to understand customer needs and behaviors as well as business objectives, and transform that knowledge into website enhancements and new features Using Agile methodologies, they develop software intended for our US, UK, DE and Canada sites, in addition to Wayfair’s additional lifestyle brands. Build and maintain roadmaps for your product(s) and insure those interests are represented amongst all Product owners within the organization to ensure the vision for your product roadmap aligns with broader company objectives Monitor performance of your focus area and measure impact of your product enhancements Determine resourcing needs for your team and make compelling requests for additions when required. You’re who we’re looking for if: Significant/meaningful experience in ecommerce or B2C product management Excellent analytical skills with demonstrated experience turning data into actionable insights Deep understanding of business strategy and metrics Passionate about building functional and engaging user experiences Cross functional leadership experience Entrepreneurial mindset, with a bias for customer focused innovation Familiarity with Excel, SQL, and multivariate testing practices a plus BA with strong academic record (strong preference for quantitative, scientific, or technical backgrounds)