Salesforce.com Associate Applications Administrator REQ 1800005M Entrust Datacard is seeking a Salesforce.com Associate Applications Administrator to act as a central resource providing ongoing support, maintenance and configuration for all aspects of Entrust Datacard’s Salesforce.com platform. This includes data management, core support functions, data analysis, enforcing data standards, database administration, sustaining user adoption, and training development and delivery. Location: Shakopee, Denver or Dallas Meet Kendra, IT Director, Salesforce and learn more about the great opportunities available on her team. https://datacard.wistia.com/medias/oqchz5v5vo Apply today at: https://bit.ly/2H4Pp4B Responsiblities: Facilitate the use and enhancement of Salesforce.com for Entrust Datacard globally Be a key resource focusing on user support including, but not limited to case resolution, system enhancement identification, end user support, and overall support of the SFDC platform Evaluate and propose how best to leverage the Salesforce.com technology and eco-system to meet evolving business requirements and information needs both within and across functions Work effectively with key stakeholders to identify and prioritize specific requirements. Develop and maintain project deliverables that support the business processes, including functional specifications, solution design documents and hands-on configuration of the system Play a critical role during upgrades and major changes to the system and participate in change management Lead efforts to develop, train and expand use of Salesforce.com to optimize productivity and effectiveness resulting in enhanced user knowledge and competency with Salesforce.com This position will need to be seen as the leading support resource for both end users, and other support roles Basic Qualifications Minimum 1 year of Salesforce.com administration experience including support of at least one of the following areas. Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, or Communities Strong verbal and written communications skills with the ability to clearly and simply articulate concepts, messages and strategies both cross functionally and vertically within the organization Ability to analyze disparate pieces of information, gather from multiple data sources and put into an easy-to-understand structure using Microsoft Excel and/or an advanced database application. Thorough understanding of marketing, sales and service processes including (but not limited to): account management, opportunity management, quoting, lead management, inside sales, campaign management, case/incident management Must be able to lawfully work within the US and have unrestricted work authorization for US Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in IT, MIS, Business Systems or related field Salesforce.com Administrator Certification (Admin 201) Experience working with Salesforce Customer/Partner Communities or Portals Experience working with Remedyforce Experience working with Pardot, Salesforce.com Marketing Cloud, or other marketing automation tools Experience working with CPQ & Billing or other CPQ applications native to Salesforce.com Platform Our growing company relies on curious, dedicated and innovative colleagues to anticipate the future and provide solutions for a more connected, mobile and secure world. Entrust Datacard technologies and expertise help government agencies, enterprises and financial institutions in more than 150 countries serve and safeguard citizens, employees and consumers. Each year, our solutions secure billions of transactions — and every day, our technologies issue and manage more than 10 million secure identities. How do we do all of this? _Together._ Join us. Together we’ll create solutions for a more connected, mobile and secure life. For more information, visit www.entrustdatacard.com. Follow us on Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn. Entrust Datacard Corporation is an EOE/AA/Veteran/People with Disabilities employer. NO AGENCIES, NO RELOCATION LI-SD