This position is for a Systems Administrator to provide desktop support for the a government customer in Seattle WA. The candidate must possess detailed knowledge of networks, servers and desktop applications. Requires experience supporting the hardware and software associated with Intel class of systems. The ideal candidate will also have an understanding of and experience supporting peripherals, such as printers, scanners, and backup devices, along with the drivers associated with this equipment. Required Skills and Education Detailed knowledge of networks, servers and desktop applications. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in English, both orally and in writing. Minimum of two years of experience in Network Engineering, System Administration, Information Technology, Computer Science, Hardware/Software support, Litigation Support, Web Development, Customer Support, and interaction with vendors. Personnel should be well-experienced with software and hardware troubleshooting techniques. The deployed enterprise printers are various HP and Ricoh models. Demonstrated in-depth knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Office products (i.e., Word, Excel, Access, SharePoint, Outlook, and PowerPoint). The Candidate must to be able to utilize the programs installed as part of the customer built computers and software and will not be able to purchase or install software that is not approved by customer. Applications: Windows 10 Microsoft Office, including MS Outlook Acrobat (Adobe) McAfee Antivirus applications for Email, desktop and servers Windows Server / Advanced Server Acrobat Reader (Adobe) Preferred Skills and Education experience in creating and updating technical documentation is a huge plus. About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. That’s BAE Systems. That’s Inspired Work.