The successful candidate will aid in the advancement of CENIC's security engineering team efforts to provide information security services and support to CENIC and its Charter Associate members. The primary responsibilities of this position are to work with security team members to improve CENIC's security architecture, perform proactive and reactive security analysis, respond to and resolve security incidents and provide technical expertise, especially in the area of network, system and data protection. In addition, participation is expected in all aspects of information security that will further enable the mission of CENIC and its Charter Associates, such as participation in: uncovering computer and network vulnerabilities, reducing the risk incurred by vulnerabilities, infusing new security technologies into CENIC’s security architecture, and promoting a security culture through consulting and training. Interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively in a distributed team environment are a must. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES: Serve as a member of CENIC’s Security Group performing varying security duties including threat awareness, proactive network traffic analysis, incident response, forensic analysis, and resolution of security incidents. Collaborate with the CENIC Security Working Group, CENIC segment leaders, and other security experts around the state to develop plans, if appropriate, for a Security Operations Center. Integrate knowledge of network protocols, services, threats, vulnerabilities, mitigation strategies, hardware capabilities, and other information to build a security environment that reduces and mitigates risk while allowing CENIC’s open science mission to succeed. Evaluate a wide range of data, including Bro logs, NetFlow data, centralized syslog, authentication logs, and others to detect security incidents. Take timely action as appropriate: block problem traffic, send alerts and/or investigate when suspicious activity is detected. Develop new methods to detect and mitigate security attacks. Communicate with internal and external security personnel and system administrators about incidents. Respond appropriately to internal and/or external complaints (e.g., scanning, hacking, spamming, etc.). Promote a strong security culture throughout CENIC’s internal network, consulting with CENIC management and staff. Ability to be on-call outside of regular business hours on a regular and recurring basis. KEY SUCCESS FACTORS: Degree in computer science or equivalent experience Experience using host intrusion detection systems (IDS) Hands-on network/packet level examination using tools such as tcpdump or wireshark. Working knowledge of regular expressions, data and text manipulation tools such as awk and sed Familiarity with logging environments such as ELK Stack or Splunk Experience programming in languages such as C, C++, Python, Ruby, or other popular language Working knowledge administering Unix/Linux operating systems, such as RedHat/CentOS or FreeBSD variants Able to work on multiple tasks and respond to rapidly changing priorities Ability to serve as a consultant on long-range vision for security architecture for CENIC Able to identify and support recommendations for the implementation of security enhancements that will maximize the security profile of CENIC while being sensitive to its mission Ability to formulate, organize, and present ideas in an effective manner. Self-motivated with demonstrated ability to work highly independently, requiring little direct supervision Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and the ability to lead teams to reach consensus KEY SKILLS DESIRED: Certifications and/or training in a technical security specialty (e.g., GIAC, CISSP, Security+) Familiarity of software development or coding using a security-centric approach Understanding of Mac and Windows operating systems Knowledge of public-key and private-key encryption techniques including DES, RSA, and PGP/GPG Understanding of TCP/IP networks Understanding of IPv6 Knowledge of Layer 2, Wireless, Switching and Routing Protocols Familiarity with securing virtualized environments Familiarity and experience working on research and education networks