Best Buy continues to outperform expectations and we need great people to help us continue our historic transformation! Best Buy New Blue strategy is our roadmap for success. We are committed to becoming an industry leader in retail, and are also expanding into more sophisticated service offerings. We are seeking innovative and a technically curious Engineer to join our Mobile IT Team. The Mobile IT team is obsessed with building advanced solutions to deliver an exceptional omni-channel cell phone buying experience. A career with Best Buy offers the opportunity to apply your talents and creative energy to build advanced and innovative solutions. We work with latest technologies and are constantly thinking about ways of leveraging technology to innovate and enhance our customer and store associates experience. Core Responsibilities of the role include: Act as a single point of contact for a distributed team of engineers Technical authority and a leader in designing & coding robust scalable, loosely coupled components and microservices that underpin cloud based services. Apply architecture, design principles and application patterns consistently and holistically. Enforce repeatable automated processes around development methodologies including continuous integration, static code analysis, test coverage, etc. Partner with architecture team to understand high level designs and own approval of low level designs specs. Strong focus on DevOps use-cases and work-flows. Lead and participate in story refinement and other scrum ceremonies to ensure sound technical design. Communicate and effectively articulate technical decisions to product owners and stakeholders. Perform technical code reviews to ensure quality. Troubleshoot system issues, fix software defects, perform overall testing/debugging Mentor development team and onboard new members. Keep up to date on industry technology trends and modern software delivery techniques. Developing and maintaining long term business domain knowledge. This job might be for you if: You are enthusiastic and excited about technology You are flexible, dependable, and know how to have fun while getting a lot done You are open and honest and willing to share and accept feedback and ideas You are positive and optimistic. Setbacks and constraints motivate you to work harder You are open to learn and constantly improve yourself and the team You strive to constantly improve yourself and your team Required Experience & technologies 5+ IT experience 3+ years of Java 2+ years AngularJS / Angular web application framework Experience leading and mentoring a team of developers Spring application framework Experience with microservices architecture & largescale API design and development Application servers: JBOSS, Tomcat Experience developing RESTful API’s Understanding of XML and JSON Experience working with agile development methodology Desirable Technologies Cassandra NoSQL db. Oracle Relational db. SOAP API’s Kafka