NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. We are now looking for a Software Engineer who sees the big picture of Cloud Computing and AI. This essential role will give you a rare opportunity to craft and deliver a new class of GPU services for Cloud Computing in the fields of Deep Learning and AI. Your work in crafting powerful tools will drive Deep Learning, AI and Visual Computing. What you'll be doing: Design, build and implement Python SDKs and CLIs to interact with Cloud GPU Services. Help drive the underlying technology stack and the implementation methodology. Work closely with other teams on new products or features/improvements of existing products. Drive performance tuning and automation. Support, maintain and document software functionality. What we need to see: BA in CS or equivalent practical experience. 1-3 years of hands-on experience in Python. Experience writing Integration and Unit tests in Python. Experience developing Python client code that works across Windows, Linux, and Mac Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery. Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills required. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Show previous experience with developing Python CLI and SDKs. Experience with RESTful web services. A track record of solving complex problems with elegant solutions. Demonstrate delivery of complex projects in previous roles. Deep understanding of technology and passionate about what you do Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills, specifically a proven ability to effectively guide and influence within a dynamic matrix environment NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative, self-motivated and enjoy having fun, then what are you waiting for apply today! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.