HFM Administrator About Visteon Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics products and connected car solutions for most of the world’s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is a leading provider of instrument clusters, head-up displays, information displays, infotainment, audio systems, telematics and SmartCore™ cockpit domain controllers. Visteon also supplies embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions to the global automotive industry. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of $3.16 billion in 2016. Learn more at www.visteon.com. Visteon is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. Our Vision A top-three cockpit electronics player delivering a rich, connected cockpit experience for every car from luxury to entry Hyperion Financial Manager (HFM) - Systems Administrator Typical Duties Support several Hyperion applications. HFM, FDMEE, Planning, Essbase (System 11.1.2.3.XXX) Build strong working relationships with Finance business partners at many levels of the organization. Propose, test and implement improvements to Reporting, System Design and Performance per requirements of Senior Executives. Provide on-going support for month-end closes, forecasts, and budget development. • Work with Hyperion vendor (Oracle) to pursue vendor support when necessary • Serve as backup support for planning system functional updates in planning and build planning expertise. Requirements Requirements Years of Experience: Minimum of 2 years of experience in functional knowledge of financial processes and monthly, quarterly and yearly close cycles. Minimum of 3 years of experience in implementing and supporting Oracle Hyperion technologies – HFM, FDMEE, Planning and Essbase. Degree Strongly Preferred: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Finance, Management Information Systems Desired Competencies/Experience Strong track record in administering and implementing Hyperion related technology projects in large and complex environments Strong collaborative skills and ability to work in a dynamic fast paced environment. Experience in System Requirements Analysis, including documenting current and future state business processes, and analyzing their interaction and interdependencies to support process design. Complete understanding/working knowledge of HFM, specifically a. EPMA experience for managing metadata b. Rule enhancement and development experience c. Edit and/or write Forms/Grids d. Ability to analyze & diagnose data issues and fix e. Build/ Enhance / Troubleshoot Smartviews as needed FDMEE - Solid knowledge/understanding a. Set up processes (Locations, Batches, etc.) b. Knowledge of and ability to make changes (mappings, scheduled processes) c. Knowledge of and ability to create / enhance Reports d. Diagnose issues/fix Financial report working experience a. Build/ Enhance / Troubleshoot Financial Reports as needed Shared services a. Security model experience b. LCM understanding and experience Planning / Essbase a. Working knowledge and experience with Planning & Essbase b. Essbase ASO experience a plus c. BAT scripting experience d. Experience writing calc scripts and business rules e. Experience creating reports and queries as required Analytical skills, ability to diagnose, find and fix problems across HFM/FDMEE/Planning Excel knowledge: Formulas (expert) / VBA (working knowledge) Jython script knowledge/understanding. Hands-on Experience a big plus. Special Requirements Flexibility in working hours to work with a global team may be required. Some flexibility for global travel is important.