Common Sense (https://www.commonsense.org/) is the nation's leading independent nonprofit organization devoted to helping kids and families thrive in a world of media and technology. Every day, millions of families turn to Common Sense for trusted advice and unbiased ratings. We offer the largest library of independent age-based and educational ratings and reviews for everything your kids want to watch, play, read, and learn. Our movie and TV ratings are available on Netflix, Comcast, DirecTV, and many other partner networks, helping families and kids make smart media choices. Through our schools program, we provide educators with a curriculum that teaches the essential digital citizenship and digital literacy skills every student needs to succeed. More than 100,000 member schools across the country use our ratings and free curricula and content. We also work with policymakers, industry leaders, legislators, and a grassroots community of concerned parents and teachers to improve the media and education landscape for kids, families, and schools. We are currently seeking an experienced full-stack engineer to join a team of developers, QA engineers, product managers, and UX designers who work closely with UI designers led by a creative director. This role will help build and maintain all things client-facing and will help translate our organization and customer needs into functionally seamless, and appealing, interactive applications. Creating a great user experience is a focal point of this role, and the ideal candidate is curious about new digital technologies and stays abreast of coding best practices, but there are also likely to be back-end tasks and problems to solve. This role will collaborate with a top-notch team of developers on a feature-rich, responsive site and help build personalized and social site experiences to help connect members with each other and the rest of the world. LOCATION: San Francisco, CA TYPE: Full-time (40 hours per week) CLASSIFICATION: Exempt WHAT YOU'LL DO: You'll be issued a Mac laptop for local development, use GitHub for version control, and work in a LAMP stack on our dev/staging/prod servers hosted at Pantheon. We primarily code to Drupal standards and strive toward industry best practices; however, we are increasingly using headless Drupal and front- end JavaScript frameworks to power our user experiences, we run a MEAN stack API to serve content to partners and our own sites, and we expect to continue moving toward modern frameworks like React, already used on some of our products. Our engineers take pride and ownership in our projects, working closely with the product team and other stakeholders to build something that is rock-solid and easily maintained. You'll have the opportunity to help shape the product you're working on and have your voice heard. Sites You will be working on a multitude of high-traffic websites that garner millions of users per month, including: Common Sense Media (www.commonsensemedia.org): The platform that hosts reviews, advice, and more for parents. Common Sense Education (www.commonsense.org/education): Designed to help pre-K–12 educators discover, use, and share the best apps, games, websites, and digital curricula for their students. Also contains curriculum, professional development, and teaching resources for educators and school administrators. WHAT WE NEED TO SEE ON YOUR RÉSUMÉ: Bachelor's degree and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience Demonstrated proficiency writing standards-compliant HTML5 and CSS3 Proficiency with JavaScript in a cross-browser, cross-device environment (both jQuery and Vanilla JS) Understanding of current front-end and mobile development best practices, including responsive design, touch interfaces, performance optimization, and progressive enhancement Experience working with source-control with Git Experience working in a LAMP stack with PHP skills THE X FACTOR: Experience developing in Drupal 7 or 8 with custom modules and themes for Drupal Experience with TDD (test-driven development) Two or more years of experience with JavaScript development (knowledge of React.js or Angular a plus) Experience working in an agile environment Experience using CSS pre-processors such as LESS, SASS, and/or Compass Experience with mobile-first responsive design You are energetic, enthusiastic, disciplined, hard-working, and a total team player. You are organized and able to work on multiple projects with overlapping deadlines. You are deeply inspired by the Common Sense mission. You have a great sense of humor - even when meeting tough deadlines. You have the mindset of a solid developer; you are able to work autonomously, you are not afraid to share your opinion when discussing technical approaches, and you are willing to learn new tools and approaches to complex problems. WHAT WE OFFER: The chance to work with a great team of talented, passionate developers and product people who have worked together for a long time and love what they're doing Competitive health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, vision, and a matching 401(k) An organization that offers work/life balance The opportunity to really make a difference in the lives of kids and families! APPLY NOW Common Sense values the diversity of its employees and is an equal opportunity employer.