The Senior Data Analyst will help drive the advancement of cutting-edge analysis, modelling, and recommendation algorithms. In this role, you will be asked to help find, analyse, and predict the patterns in our web and mobile transaction. You will develop the models and algorithms that will make the decisions on how we present customized experiences to the millions of users who use our products every day. Responsibilities Discover and apply insights from massive data sets of structured, semi- structured, and unstructured data Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting, retention and engagement, and other business outcomes. Perform hands-on advanced analysis in marketing science and business analytics on big data to promote audience growth and product development Research, prototype, and validate new models and algorithms Implement machine-learning algorithms in a practical production setting Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions Present and interpret analytics findings and participate actively in discussions of results, internally and externally Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes Conduct recurring web reporting to monitor and drive KPIs Proactively develop site performance reports and analysis such as segmentation analysis; highlight observations and business context to deliver actionable recommendations to business leads, not just data Translate business requirements into a Solution Design Document used for implementation support, guidance, and documentation Participate in the design, set up, and evaluation of A/B and multivariate testing Ensure quality and timeliness of deliverables that meet expectations while balancing business needs with the appropriate level of analytical rigor Provide insights to support senior management with decision making Complete and maintain distribution of web analytics reports including contextualization Requirements 5 years of relevant experience and strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, statistics, econometrics, natural language processing Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications Experience in machine learning areas such as recommender systems, NLP, pattern recognition, predictive modeling, Artificial Intelligence. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Athena, Redshift, S3, etc. Experience implementing machine learning algorithms such as support vector machines, decision trees, logistic regression, clustering, neural networks, graphical models etc Experience in building large scale end-to-end machine learning systems using a combination of big data tools and programming languages like Scala, Java and/or Python. Understanding of data visualization patterns. Experience with one or more data visualization tools such as Tableau, R Shiny, Power BI, etc. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Adwords, Facebook Insights, etc. Requires concise and effective verbal and written communications skill Experience with Python (Pandas and Scikit-Learn) or equivalent language Experience instrumenting and building analytics with Splunk Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or related quantitative field PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ' Apply ' button. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the ‘Apply’ button. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required.