ARIZONA GAME AND FISH DEPARTMENT _Managing today for Wildlife tomorrow_ www.azgfd.gov WILDLIFE SPECIALIST III “Game and Data Manager & Hunter Questionnaire Program Coordinator” WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT DIVISION / TERRESTRIAL BRANCH / PHOENIX BASED FLSA- Exempt SALARY GRADE 21 ($39,983 - $71,563) REQUISITION 40396 / CLOSING DATE: 08/22/2018 AGENCY INFORMATION The Arizona Game & Fish Department is responsible for managing Arizona’s fish and wildlife resource as an enduring public trust. In addition, the Department is charged with promoting safe and responsible use of watercraft and off- highway vehicles. Funding is provided from the sale of licenses and permits; watercraft registration fees; federal excise taxes on firearms, fishing equipment, boats, and other sporting goods; State lottery revenues; donations on State income tax forms; and various contracts and grants. Department policy is set by the Arizona Game and Fish Commission, whose five members are appointed by the Governor. For more information, please visit our website at www.azgfd.gov. The mission of the Arizona Game & Fish Department is to conserve Arizona’s diverse wildlife resources and manage for safe, compatible outdoor recreation opportunities for current and future generations. It is our vision to be the national conservation leader supporting the continuation of the North American Model of Wildlife Conservation and Arizona’s most trusted, respected and credible source for wildlife conservation products, services and information. JOB INFORMATION This position will have the responsibility of coordinating and managing the Department’s Game Data Management System which includes the statewide Hunter Questionnaire Program, Game Population Survey Tool, Hunt Recommendation Tool, population modeling, and field check and check station processes; and provides support to the Big and Small Game Management programs. Collects, evaluates and analyzes data to prepare management reports, federal aid performance reports, popular articles, scientific manuscripts and management plans. Assists in the preparation, organization and implementation of wildlife translocations and hunt check stations and provides information to other agencies and the public regarding hunter statistics, wildlife management and ecology. Assists with the development of budget recommendations, work plans, job and project proposals, funding proposals, and cooperative agreements; and manages office and field equipment and may be required to attend public and Commission meetings. This position also performs other duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES The candidate will have knowledge in the following areas: database management and development, data analysis to include basic statistical analysis, various spreadsheet and database software packages, and wildlife ecology and management techniques. The candidate will have skill in: communicating both oral and written, presenting to a variety of audiences, strategic planning and program development. Candidates must be able to effectively plan budgets, create and enhancements for projects and processes. The candidate must have a Bachelor’s degree in a wildlife science or closely related field from an accredited college or university and two years of professional experience in wildlife research or wildlife management. A graduate degree in a wildlife science or a closely related field may substitute for one year of required experience. The preferred candidate will have some background in statistical analysis and software such as SPSS, SAS, MARK, or R, be comfortable and competent in the use spreadsheets and database such as Excel, Access, SQL or dBase, and geospatial databases and software. The individual in this position should demonstrate a willingness to learn and be trained in new software and technical advances, such as knowledge on how to use and develop geospatial tools. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Employment is contingent upon completion of a post-offer medical/physical examination and the agency’s ability to reasonably accommodate any restrictions. Position requires possession of and the ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver’s license appropriate to the assignment. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver’s license record checks, must maintain acceptable driving records and must complete any required driver training (see Arizona Administrative Code R2-10-207.12.). All newly hired employees will be subject to the E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification program. Our work environment offers training opportunities and encourages career development. The Arizona Game and Fish Department is an equal opportunity, reasonable accommodations employer and complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. If you need to request an accommodation in the employment process or would like to receive this document in an alternative format, please contact our office at (623) 236-7326 or TTY 1-800-367-8939, prior to the closing date of the job in which you are interested. We stand in support of equality for and advancement of all people based on their qualifications and actions alone without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, national origin, or any other characteristic protected by law.