3-5 years experience Full Time asap The Systems Administrator will report to the Director of IT and is a critical part of the IT Department, supporting all technology needs for our employees and consultants. You will design, create, maintain, and improve systems that support the work we accomplish, as well as assist with triage and resolution of support requests along with the rest of the network’s IT Department. Together with the Director of IT, the IT Systems Administrator will have an unending desire to improve our surroundings and ensure that technical problems never prevent MERGE employees from doing incredible work for incredible clients. RESPONSIBILITIES MERGE is a collaborative company. While this description includes core functional responsibilities, all of our employees are active members of the team, flexible in assisting the company as it grows and evolves. This expectation requires each person to be capable of adapting to the dynamics of a client driven environment. We’re as interested in your human side as your technical expertise. The ideal candidate will be upbeat, optimistic and happy to help the team. Together with the rest of the team, collaborate on the design, build-out, and maintenance of local and network-wide infrastructure, including but not limited to servers, SANs, firewalls, switches, and WiFi access points Plan, track, automate, and execute maintenance and patching schedules for local and remote server infrastructure Serve as a co-administrator of our DEP/MDM/Munki stack to maintain patch levels and security on our Mac infrastructure in all three offices Make improvements and additions to the management stack, including upstream code contributions where appropriate – we love open source! Spearhead automation and improvement efforts to tie together systems and workflows. Work with departments to source, purchase, or create tools to solve business problems Monitor and maintain on-site systems and services, including but not limited to servers, WiFi, PBX, and multi-function printers Move, set up, troubleshoot, and support usage of conference room audio/visual equipment Conduct both formal and informal training for employees and consultants on internal and office-standard applications Serve as an escalation point for Tier 1 support specialists, and help with Tier 1 helpdesk duties as needs arise Provision and set up hardware, software, and logins/accounts for new employees Clearly document procedures, workarounds, solutions, known issues, and common troubleshooting procedures Help design, implement, and maintain internal software update systems Enforce and improve security standards to ensure data privacy Research, recommend, and drive adoption of industry best practices Perform other duties as required by the situation and circumstances QUALIFICATIONS The ideal candidate possesses stellar communication skills, both written and oral; can lift up to 40 pounds; is available to work in our Chicago office during normal business hours; and is a good cultural fit with our team. We’re also looking for demonstrated expertise in all of the following: o Supporting and troubleshooting macOS (10.12 and newer) both in person and remotely o Strong knowledge of centralized Mac deployment systems o Basic and intermediate networking concepts, including DNS, DHCP, VLANs, firewall maintenance, and associated troubleshooting techniques o Support of all Microsoft Office Suite applications (Office 2016) and their usage with Office 365 o Intermediate level experience with VMWare and/or Hyper-V technologies o Intermediate level experience with file server administration, including NTFS permissions and Role-Based Access Control o Intermediate to advanced command line usage o Functional knowledge of Git o Scripting in bash and/or python Special attention given to candidates with: Working knowledge of process automation and continuous integration practices Mitel PBX systems Basic change management process and protocols Experience with either NoMAD or Enterprise Connect Munki or JAMF experts Open source contributors ACSP / ACMT certifications Experience with usage, management, and automation of Linux servers Experience with managing Windows Servers and MS SQL VALUES Ability. Ability to bring the highest level of skill and competence. Agility. To keep us flexible, nimble and incredibly responsive to client and market demands. Humility. Constant seekers of new ideas, amazing collaborators and builders of those around us.