A bit about us: We’re on a mission to change healthcare — how it’s paid for, delivered, experienced. We want to put people center stage, not process or profit. We are guided by a deep belief that every person on Medicare should be treated like we would treat a member of our own family: with loving care and a profound commitment to their health and well-being. That’s why we’re gathering a whole bunch of smart, big-hearted people to create a new kind of healthcare company — one that combines compassion, health insurance, clinical care, and technology seamlessly. We want to throw the long ball with people we love for a cause we believe in. Life is short. Join us. A bit more about this role: We can’t transform health care for America’s seniors alone. In fact, our success will depend on streamlined and accurate electronic data interchange with our network providers, vendors, clearinghouses, and other partners. If we do it right, we believe we can improve how healthcare is paid for, delivered, and experienced. As we get ready to serve our members in 2019, we are in the process of developing an interface service platform which will allow for identification, troubleshooting, and resolution of EDI issues. The EDI Manager will utilize the interface service platform to develop monitoring and support process for our EDI network. Responsibilities will include: Monitor overall performance, quality, speed, and health of EDI network to ensure that data flows accurately and seamlessly in and out of Devoted Health Detect, perform root cause analysis, and respond to real time data integration issues Modify and optimize existing data integrations Work cross-functionally and contribute to the development of tools and processes to optimize electronic data exchange Develop and track KPIs related to EDI network performance Manage ongoing technical relationship with trading partners Attributes to success: You are a roll up your sleeves and jump right in kind of person You are fast hands on keys in finding clever solutions to problems and iterating from there You are comfortable with ambiguity and startup environment You have deep desire to make US healthcare better Desired skills and experience: Understanding of healthcare IT Experience working cross-functionally with a variety of teams including Operations, Product, and Technology Ability to communicate and influence horizontally and vertically Ability to multitask and effectively prioritize critical tasks and conflicting requirements Ability to incorporate company vision, mission, and values in decision making If you love running towards complex challenges and transforming them into solutions, if you want to make a potentially huge impact on many lives, and if you are looking for a disruptive startup with an inspiring and talented team, Devoted Health may be the place for you.