Dallas,Texas,United States 6D2FP3 Boeing Special Projects Dallas is seeking a Mid-Level (Data Management) Engineer Support Technician Specialist. The candidate will serve on a Systems Engineering and Integration team. The ideal candidate will have the following responsibilities: Coordination and tracking of Contract Data Management List (CDRL) deliverables; Process delivery of documents through Integrated Data Management System (IDMS); Gather customer input data for Data Management requirements for product hardware, software, and engineering design data systems; Maintain a software products library; Work under general supervision. Job attributes include: Customer interface, coordination across all program organizations, and engagement in program planning; Participate in the development and implementation of Data Management standards, processes, systems and tools; Utilize data gathered from customers to assist in the definition of Configuration and Data Management requirements for support product hardware, software and engineering design data systems. The successful candidate will have experience in Data Management, performed in support of complex military system production including Supplier Data Management; Contract Data Management; Records Information Management. At a minimum, the candidate will have a professional development history demonstrating the capability to handle progressively more responsibility with minimal supervision, abilities to interact successfully with other disciplines, upper management and customer technical and operational personnel. Experience with Windchill, Access, CSDT, and Teamcenter is a plus. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires a Current Top Secret, SSBI US Security Clearance or higher, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Security Clearance/Special Program Access or other Government Access Requirements are mandatory for this position. Much of the work at The Boeing Company is of a classified nature and many positions require a security clearance, the granting of which is at the discretion of government authorities. Filling this requisition is contingently based on the applicant's ability to obtain the required access as established by program management. If required access is not granted, in a time frame established by program management this offer will be withdrawn. If you’re final Security Clearance/Special Program Access or other Government Access Requirement is not maintained, the result may be reassignment, reclassification, or termination of employment. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Experience with Contract Data Management and/or Supplier Data Management; Experience tracking documentation and CDRL deliveries; AA degree or higher in a related discipline. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience managing/leading Records Information Management (RIM) processes; Experience leading/managing Engineering Change Proposals (ECPs) and Contract Data Requirement List (CDRLs) and/or Supplier Data Requirement List (SDRLs) for complex products; Experience with Teamcenter and Windchill product data managers is desirable; Experience with avionics component development is also desirable. Typical Education/Experience: AA degree in related discipline and typically 3 or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience Yes, 10 % of the Time Commercial Derivative Aircraft Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company