Overview This newly created role of Building Performance Specialist offers a unique opportunity to work across all HGA offices, supporting project teams and addressing a range of design inquiries through all phases of design, with a focus on early conceptual design. You’ll execute a range of environmental simulation workflows, including, but not limited to, climate analysis, occupant comfort analysis, façade optimization and conceptual energy modeling. In addition, this position assists in the development of new workflows and in ongoing training of the environmental simulation workflows in each of our offices. Your work will differentiate and expand HGA’s commitment to and capability for sustainable design. The ideal candidate will have a dual background in both building design process and sustainability/building science. You will be a strong communicator; you will share your knowledge with others in a fast-paced environment, and be charged with developing compelling training materials. Responsibilities Consults with internal design teams to:Collaboratively identify opportunities and develop appropriate and effective performance studies. Executes a wide range of simulation workflows including: climate analysis, energy benchmarking, occupant comfort criteria (thermal, daylighting and glare), façade and envelope optimization and conceptual energy modeling. Clearly communicates the findings/results to project teams through effective documentation and visualizations Supports an internal program to advance our Building Performance practice by Researching emerging tools aRnd assisting in development of new workflows Assisting in ongoing office-wide training efforts to elevate our internal knowledge and support a network of experts in all HGA offices. Collaborating with interoffice team of simulation practitioners Interacts and communicates effectively and professionally with other team members Shows flexibility and adaptability to change within a fast-paced, team environment, often against tight deadlines Contributes to the success of the project by utilizing past knowledge and experience, and teaching or sharing knowledge with others Manages documentation and information using strong organizational skills Meets deadlines. Multi-tasks and manages multiple priorities within fast-paced work environment. Follows standardized and documented architectural and project management procedures. Qualifications Minimum Bachelor’s degree in architecture, engineering, building science, or sustainable design 3 - 10 years’ experience in performance analysis and/or building design. Candidates with less than 3 years’ experience may be considered if he/she can demonstrate equivalent knowledge and leadership in this field. Proficiency in early design phase building performance simulation using a software tool such as Climate Consultant, Ladybug and Honeybee for Grasshopper, DIVA for Rhino, COMFEN, WUFI, Therm, Insight 360, or Sefaira; and demonstrated aptitude for developing expertise in other software tools. Knowledgeable in building certification programs (LEED, LBC, WELL), building energy codes, and ASHRAE Standard 90.1 Familiarity with advanced design phase energy modeling, such as Trane Trace, Open Studio, eQuest and IESVE Working knowledge of architectural production software: AutoCAD, Revit, Sketch-Up, Rhino and/or related software Proficiency in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook) Ability to travel 25% of the time