Manager Quality Assurance Science - Chaska - BEC011691 About Us At Beckman Coulter, we are dedicated to advancing and optimizing the laboratory. For more than 80 years, we have been a trusted partner for laboratory professionals, helping to advance scientific research and patient care. We do challenging work on a global scale, and are invested in growing our associates’ careers. We embrace continuous improvement, and are passionate about moving science and healthcare forward. We have a vital role at Beckman Coulter: our focus on innovation, reliability and efficiency has led us to become the partner of choice for clinical, research and industrial customers all over the world. If you believe your education and experience are in line with the position description and qualifications referred to above, and are motivated, energetic, and looking for a new and exciting opportunity, please submit your resume online at the URL below or at www.beckmancoulter.com. Beckman Coulter is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. Description Form and maintain open communication and close collaboration between the Development QA functional group and partner/client groups in leadership and professional roles (e.g. assay development, HW/SW development, product management, program management, regulatory, manufacturing operations, and project core teams) Proficient in problem analysis with experience using issue analysis/problem solving tools (PSP, fishbone diagram, DIVE process, etc) Experience in new product development/product realization Experience in a regulated industry and knowledge of product regulatory requirements/submissions Contributor to the overall success of the product development schedule, achieve accomplishment Development QA function deliverables and assure timely completion of project required activities. Ensure Beckman CCIA products are compliant to Beckman Corporate requirements as well as to FDA QSR, ISO and other global regulations. Contribute to and support organizational (CCIA), functional group (QA) and departmental (DevQA) strategies. Translate and flow down higher level strategy, portfolio and project objectives into tactical functional group and individual strategies and plans. Lead the development and implementation of functional group strategies and methodologies to define, allocate/implement and demonstrate state-of-the-art CCIA reagent products by implementation quality objectives, methods, and requirements to make quality a competitive advantage. Acquire, develop and retain top talent in the DevQA group by developing and maintaining a technically excellent, high performing and engaged team. Establish functional group training requirements. Identify and enable targeted training to improve functional skills and address individual development needs. Provide active mentorship and functional support to ensure employee and project success. Regularly assess and actively manage individual and group performance; engage in the creation and implementation of employee development plans. Recognize and reward achievement, commitment and excellence in the advancement of organizational, departmental and group strategies. Provide staffing, resource allocation and work direction to effectively and efficiently achieve portfolio, project and functional goals and objectives. Establish and ensure timely execution of group and individual objectives to drive functional and strategic performance and execution to portfolio priorities. Participate in department budgetary planning and forecasting; identify and communicate group budgetary needs and constraints; and ensure group performance to budgetary plan. Qualifications BS in Biochemistry or related technical field with minimum of 9+ years of experience or Master’s degree in field with minimum of 7+ years of experience Minimum 2 years of experience in QA, design assurance or demonstrated skills in the new product development process Experience in people management roles such as project team lead, Kaizen event leader, contract personnel management, or temporary functional group management responsibility Fluent in English language Proficient in word processing, spreadsheets, MS PowerPoint, and project management skills Well-developed written and oral skills Completion of basic manager training course (e.g. Beckman “Leadership Essentials” or similar such as Mosaic or Kepner-Tregoe training) Demonstrated ability of people management skills Work experience in multiple Quality disciplines (Material, Manufacturing, Design/Reliability, Post-Market Surveillance, Quality Systems, Configuration Assurance and Quality Control) Working knowledge of statistical techniques and quality/reliability tools (FMEA, FTA, DOE, SPC, etc) Proficient in data analysis with experience using issue analysis/problem solving tools (root cause analysis, PSP, etc) In addition to technical degree, a Master’s in business administration, or similar Experience in a regulated industry and knowledge of regulatory requirements/submissions Ability to support several projects simultaneously while effectively adapting to changing project parameters Mobility Requirements: Stand/Sit/Walk 8 hours/day; ability to travel across campus and between facilities Dexterity Requirements: Able to use computer & monitor to develop, review and communicate job-related documentation Vision Requirements: Correctable to 20/20 in 1 eye and 20/40 in other eye. Able to use computer & monitor to develop, review and communicate job-related documentation. Hearing requirements: Able to participate in meetings and conference calls and to use a telephone. Minimal travel as needed, <20% LI-TH1. Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked 162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years. At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization : Beckman Coulter - Diagnostics Job Function : Quality and Regulatory Affairs Primary Location : North America-North America-United States-MN-Chaska Schedule : Full-time