Position Overview Beyond Limits is looking for a bright, passionate Assistant Controller who is analytical, data driven, and tech savvy. This position will be a key member of the team, assuming a strategic role in the oversight and management of accounting operations. In this role, you will assist in managing all aspects of the company’s financial reporting, budgeting and financial projections. The successful candidate will ensure that reported results comply with generally accepted accounting principles. Candidates will possess very strong organizational skills, and the ability to manage multiple projects while maintaining close attention to detail. Collaborative leadership skills will be necessary to successfully lead the team and company in accounting, planning and reporting matters. The ideal candidate should have a strong understanding of standard accounting metrics such as forecasting, invoicing, job based costing, and budgeting. Responsibilities and Duties Prepare and consolidate financial statements. Manage all aspects of the general ledger. Provide monthly, quarterly and year-end analyses Publish monthly financial reporting package to senior management team. Research accounting issues for compliance with generally accepted accounting principles. Analyze and determine revenue recognition. Analyze and report cost variances. Supervise accounts receivable, accounts payable and general accounting departments. Assist Financial Controller and CFO on special projects. Ad hoc reporting as needed to support the business. Ensuring proper internal controls are in place. Support the overall business planning process including annual budgeting and monthly forecasting. Maintain accurate budgets in the company’s computerized accounting systems, ensuring that all budgets reflect out contractual or estimated contractual liabilities at all times. Prepare analysis and schedules supporting the annual audit, sales tax and other external agency reports. Qualifications and Skills 7+ years of experience in private accounting and/or public accounting. BA/BS degree in accounting or finance. Ability to work independently, prioritizing workflow to meet critical deadlines while paying exceptionally close attention to detail. Ability to take initiative, think strategically and collaborate with others. Strong leadership, communication, organizational, and presentation skills. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Advanced Excel skills in addition to experience with Word and PowerPoint. Ability to adapt in a fast-paced, changing environment. Preferred Attributes Certified Public Accountant (CPA), MBA accreditation Experience with SEC reporting companies a plus Proficiency with NetSuite and QuickBooks a plus Location : Glendale, CA About Beyond Limits You will join a small, motivated, collaborative marketing team with very high standards where you will learn something new every day, and your ideas will be solicited and valued.Beyond Limits is a unique company in artificial intelligence. With technology, leadership, and teammates from Caltech/JPL and a heritage of innovation proven in the NASA space program, Beyond Limits people know that the sky is never the limit. Sharp minds and a pioneering spirit empower the Beyond Limits team to challenge conventional thinking and refuse to accept that something cannot be done. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.