Job Description: At Stanford Health Care we're driven each day by our mission to heal humanity through science and compassion, one patient at a time. We're health care pioneers whose relentless pursuit of excellence has created life-changing advancements for millions of patients. Our physicians and nurses performed the first successful adult heart transplant and developed the balloon catheter, which radically transformed cardiovascular care. Our Digital Solutions group has pioneered innovative digital health offerings consistent with our Silicon Valley roots. When you join us, you'll become a part of this legacy of leading-edge, coordinated and compassionate care. Job Summary The Senior Reporting Analyst is responsible for the design and the development of complex reporting solutions. This individual will work with team members, users, and others to triage requests, define requirements, design, develop and deploy high-quality reporting solutions that meet current and future foreseeable user needs utilizing SHC's tools and infrastructure. Essential Functions -Define report requirements and build reports that functions as desired. -With minimal supervision, performs analysis, development, and testing of complex reporting solutions. -Build strong working relationships with users and team members, including Directors and above. Gains trust and respect of key users. -Manage multiple independent complex activities. Manage tasks, dependencies, and user/team expectations regarding scope and timeline of solution delivery. -Participates in, and effectively contributes to, project working groups with team members, users, analysts, clinicians, and SHC leadership. -Independently performs analysis, development, and testing of solutions. -Utilizes depth of reporting and tool specific expertise to recommend leading edge solutions to users that meet their expressed and unexpressed future needs. -Designs and develops complex reporting solutions that enable user functionality with minimal on-going maintenance and post-production incidents. -Provides expertise in understanding and using SHC data models and systems, and acts as resource in the interpretation and use of data generated and utilized by users. -Participates in teams to define design and development standards and conduct peer reviews of solution designs. -Troubleshoots incidents surrounding supported solutions. -Tune performance of complex solutions (both queries and database structures). -Organizes and conducts regular project status sessions and design reviews leveraging appropriate project artifacts. Consistently contributes valuable input during design reviews of team member solutions. Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Education: BS/BA in information technology or business- related field from an accredited college or university. Experience: Four (4) or more years' experience in either (or both) Business Intelligence or Healthcare technology. License/Certification: Epic Clarity Data Model certification required or must be complete within 6 months of hire, plus 1 additional certification or equivalent experience in an Epic module or business intelligence tool. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities -Demonstrated record of delivering high quality Reporting & Analytics solutions that meet user requirements with minimal on-going maintenance and a low volume of production incidents (production failures, help desk calls, etc.). -Proficient with, and contributes to, best practices and common processes for developing solutions with SHC tools (i.e., SSIS, Crystal Reports, WebI, SAP universes, Qlikview, etc.) utilized in role. -Troubleshoots and performs root cause analysis of incidents and establishes countermeasures to improve supported applications. -2+ years' experience with SQL in an Oracle and/or SQL Server environment. Proficient with complex SQL (multi joins, subqueries, unions) and creation of database objects (tables, views, materialized views, etc.). Ability to utilize performance tuning utilities (Explain Plans, etc.) to optimize queries. 2+ years' experience with SAP Universes and Web Intelligence. -Demonstrated record of complex report writing & proficiency in metadata (universe) creation with SHC standard tools. -Recognized expert with one or more reporting/ visualization tool. -Demonstrated ability to work without direct supervision based on general direction provided by a superior, is able to give guidance to peers, and makes recommendations to supervisors on best path forward. Provides regular updates to supervisor on pending tasks, pain points, and potential roadblocks. -Proactive interaction up to Tier 4 levels of the organization. -Demonstrated ability for completing multiple complex projects. -Contributing team member. Helps fulfill SHC's vision. Understands how their work supports the vision and proposes better ways to achieve the vision. Can articulate these ideas in a manner that builds consensus and influences decision making at the Director level. -Has mastered multiple domains and understands how the domains interrelate. Has some cross-functional knowledge and skill outside of formal position. -During the request process, the Sr. Analyst can anticipate issues with the request and negotiate a viable alternative before the report writing process begins. The Sr. Analyst considers the "big picture" and can solve several problems with one report. -Develop role based standard work to effectively coordinate improvement work. -Work is excellent with only rare problems or defects with complex solutions. -Utilizes active daily management and is competent with Lean methods. -Makes reliable operational internal decision independently and reliable tactical external decisions with limited supervision. -Can successfully present moderately complex ideas and information to a variety of audiences, including senior managers and industry groups. Effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Physical Requirements and Working Conditions The Physical Requirements and Working Conditions in which the job is typically performed are available from the Occupational Health Department. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. LI-AL1 ~LI~