Job Description Position Overview/Description: Ford Motor Company is seeking an experienced Forecasting Analyst as part of the growing Global Data, Insights, & Analytics organization. The Forecasting Analyst will be responsible for developing industry segmentation and powertrain forecasts and conducting special volume studies for one or more regions of the world. The analyst will work closely with Ford personnel in the assigned region, modeling analysts, Marketing and Sales, Finance, and Product teams based in Dearborn and elsewhere globally. As part of the Customer Analytics team, the Forecasting Analyst will develop robust, data-driven long-term forecast for industry segments and vehicle categories. In addition, the analyst will develop comprehensive competitive cycle plans using competitive intelligence from internal and external sources. Utilizing analytic models, extensive industry analysis, and data on a wide range of factors, the analyst will develop segment forecasts and alternative scenarios for each market assigned. The understanding of how complex statistical models can be utilized to represent the market environment and the ability to draw inference from the analysis are critical success factors. Job Responsibilities: Conduct exhaustive research on key drivers of automotive demand including macroeconomic, demographic, consumer behavior, product, pricing, regulatory, and government policy factors Conduct comprehensive segmentation analysis for key markets identifying drivers and trends Develop robust industry segmentation forecast for multiple markets in one or more regions of the world utilizing quantitative techniques and modeling Develop forecasting models/methodology for electrification and powertrain mixes for key markets Work with analytics team members based in India to develop statistical models for forecasting segmentation and powertrain mixes Present segmentation forecast proposal to various stakeholders and executive leadership to achieve concurrence Develop competitive cycle plans for markets utilizing multiple sources and conducting research Conduct strategic analyses to support various corporate planning studies Travel as needed, up to 5% of the time, to assigned regions/markets, and/or to India Be flexible with work schedule to participate in meetings with personnel in other parts of the world on a regular basis Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Business, Marketing, Engineering, Finance, Mathematics, or related technical field 3+ years of business analysis experience, working with multiple stakeholders and supporting complex decision-making processes with quantitative and qualitative analysis 3+ years of experience in analytics, quantitative and/or business analysis in a marketing, planning, or finance function 3+ years of experience in advanced Excel and/or another similar analytic tools such as Alteryx, Tableau or Qlikview. Preferred Qualifications: Master’s Degree in Business, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering, or another quantitative field Experience in the automotive industry, especially analyzing products and markets Experience with statistical analysis and modeling, and related systems and tools Strong interpersonal and communication skills to effectively interface with various functions and markets Experience with analysis of global markets Experience using consumer and industry databases, and 3rd party systems Experience researching, assembling, analyzing, and interpreting quantitative and qualitative data on competitive product, consumer behavior, demographic, market, and economic data Demonstrated ability to effectively and succinctly present analysis and recommendations to a diverse audience The distance between imagination and…creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team; discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position, TN visa holders may be considered. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.