Job Description IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. With global reach, outcome-focused methodologies and deep industry expertise, IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries. Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM. As the Microservices Architect you will be responsible for presenting to client groups at the CIO level. You will use your client management skills to navigate client hierarchies and understand competing agendas. The Microservices Architect must understand business functions, construct a solution architecture around Microservices and APIs, and be able to decompose monolith applications into meaningful implementable Microservices and APIs in a Cloud/DevOps environment. With a solid background as an Architect your experience in developing and delivering complex Microservices solutions across multiple technologies and cloud platforms, including Bluemix, AWS, and Azure are essential. The ideal Architect will also have experience working in a PaaS environment, such as Bluemix or Pivotal. IBM Global Business Services is a leader in global transformation, and there is no better place to launch or further your career. World-class learning opportunities, mentoring and a flexible work environment you will find a wealth of opportunities within IBM to create the career you’ve always imagined. We enable CIO and IT decision makers to maximize the strategic value of IT and exploit digital business and disruptive technology, to drive market leadership and innovation by supporting all stages of the application life cycle, through Agile methodology and high quality custom applications. BENEFITS http://www-01.ibm.com/employment/us/benefits/ Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population. CAREER GROWTH Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through: Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee’s strengths and career aspirations. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in! http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps camsadmi2018 CBVE Required Technical and Professional Expertise At least 5 years of experience in Application Architecture At least 2 years of experience in Microservices solutions At least 3 years of experience in C-level customer facing experience Preferred Tech and Prof Experience At least 7 years of experience in Application Architecture At least 3 years of experience in Microservices solutions At least 5 years of experience in C-level customer facing experience EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.