MQ Administrator-180024869 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Responsibilities: Responsible for software development, architect middleware solutions, and providing technical leadership. Completes functional design and architecture of middleware software solutions. Ensures unified direction in place for group by communicating with appropriate architecture groups. Determines appropriate middleware for environment based on organization's architectural needs. Investigates new developments and makes recommendations on additions or replacements. Provides mentoring to users of the middleware products both through direct interaction and through the hosting of user groups. Installs and monitors software that is between the applications and the operating system. Performs and leads design, coding, testing, implementation, and documentation of solution. Plans and provides back-end connectivity infrastructure components required for the application. Oversees middleware implementation projects. Works with internal infrastructure teams and vendors to provide recommendations for hardware and system software upgrades. Successful applicants will exemplify US Bank's ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, accountability for decisions and actions, and good citizenship. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience At least 2-year experience with utilizing, configuring, and installing software for connecting distributed software and services across heterogeneous platforms. At least 4-year experience within a total information technology (IT) environment. Preferred Skills/Experience Working experience: This job entails the administering of an MQ environment. Along with that is a need to understand systems architectures, and various platforms (Windows, Linux, z/OS with a rudimentary awareness of AS/400 and HP NonStop (Tandem). Administrative duties include: Installation and configuration of MQ software on Windows, Linux and AIX Architectural design across all platforms Leading discussions with development teams to make the best use of MQ infrastructure Other skills / job requirements: Includes production on-call support 24x7 for weeks when you are primary Good written and oral skills to communicate processes and reasoning for development activities A basic understanding of network principles (Firewalls, BigIP, DNS) Extensive experience in: Technical troubleshooting Web trends and directions Performance measures and tuning Capacity planning and management Contingency and disaster recovery Subject matter expert in: IT architecture System and technical integration IT standards, procedures, policy Middleware Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield Other Locations Colorado-CO-Denver Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40