Qualifications Required Bachelors degree and 2 years of experience, or a combination of education and experience totaling 6 years. Preferred MS degree in the life sciences, data sciences, statistics, computational sciences or engineering. Formal training in data science, relational database structure, and familiarity withy SQL. About the Job The successful candidate will work closely with G.E.M.S (a joint CFANS-MSI agroinformatics initiative of the University of Minnesota) to manage and analyze pertinent date related to soybean cultivar development. Job duties: 1\. Data cleaning, consolidation, analysis and modeling Support SOYGEN investigators in the cleaning and documentation of multi-state soybean trial data, and consolidate the data and associated metadata on internal databases (30%) Conduct investigations or analyses on SOYGEN data. Write routine summary reports on results of work and confer with supervisors on interpretation of results and avenues of investigation (25%) Execute analytic queries and computations using methods created according to previously published methods or novel methods developed as needed (20%) Develop computational tools to utilize agile workflow/waterfall methodologies (10%) 2\. Collaboration Work collaboratively with SOYGEN scientists, life sciences researchers, and software engineers both on and off campus to accelerate research objectives and tool development by proposing novel computational solutions (10%) 3\. Research Planning Contribute to project formulation and drafting of project proposals for SOYGEN and G.E.M.S. (20%) Work both independently and in large, multidisciplinary groups, depending on the project and context (5%) About the Department The Department of Agronomy and Plant Genetics is one of three units within the Plant Sciences Cluster in the College of Food, Agricultural and Natural Resource Sciences. The collective research, education and outreach programs provide expertise in basic genetics, biotechnology, plant breeding, cropping and agricultural systems, invasive species and managed landscapes for the continued improvement of current crops, the discovery of useful attributes in plants, and the development of potential new crops and new cropping systems that are environmentally and economically sustainable. The department has 22 faculty and 5 adjunct USDA faculty; 15 P&A; staff and research associates, 42 graduate students 44 civil service employees and numerous undergraduate student employees and visiting faculty. The department is located in Borlaug Hall on the St. Paul Campus. How To Apply Application through University of Minnesota online employment system. Please complete the staff application and provide a detailed work history. You may also attach a resume, cover letter, and list of references, but are not required. Diversity As an institution committed to demonstrating excellence through diversity, the College of Food, Agricultural and natural Resource Sciences is committed to hiring a diverse faculty and staff, and actively encourages candidates from historically underrepresented groups to apply.l Background Check Information No job description available Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment.