Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? The Role: We’re looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive Data Scientist to help build industry-leading intelligent Alexa-enabled products that customers love. Our mission is to leverage Data Science, in order to reduce users’ cognitive load, reduce friction in their day-to-day activities and ultimately, inspire our customers by enabling serendipitous discovery of experience. You will be responsible for data-driven improvements to our spoken language understanding models. You will be working with a unique and gifted team of engineers and scientists engaged in a fast-paced mission to conceive and deliver new products. Key Responsibilities Apply Statistical and Machine Learning methods to specific business problems and data Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including such areas as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization, transformation, cross-lingual alignment/mapping, etc. Design, develop, evaluate, and release highly innovative models elevate the customer experience and track impact over time Collaborate with colleagues from multidisciplinary science, engineering and business backgrounds. Work with engineers to develop efficient data querying and modeling infrastructure for both offline and online use cases Manage your own process: identify and execute on high impact projects, triage external requests, and make sure you bring projects to conclusion in time for the results to be useful Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Math, Finance, Statistics, Engineering or related discipline Experience with Python, R, or other statistics/machine learning packages 3+ years experience as a business analyst, data scientist or similar job function 1+ years of relevant experience building statistical models and machine learning. Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes Experience using baselines to accurately determine cause and effect relations Preferred Qualifications Advanced degree in Math, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline Demonstrated ability to frame complex analytical problems and extract insights that led to tangible business results High-level knowledge of various machine learning techniques and key parameters that affect their performance Fluency in a foreign language The motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment. Strong attention to detail Exceptional level of organization Ability to think creatively and solve problems _Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation_