The Public Safety Intelligence Analyst for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority (MCCA) will assess and respond to a diverse threat environment, with the ultimate goal of ensuring the safety of employees, guests, clients, contractors, infrastructure and the MCCA brand. In this role, you will provide both strategic and tactical assessments and recommendations for security of events, MCCA facilities and properties, and to ensure other business areas understand the risks in their daily work environment that is constantly changing. This requires the Manager to be flexible to meet the potential 24/7 requirements for threat response. The successful candidate must understand the global, domestic, and local risk environment and understand threats to the MCCA operations and the conventions and events industry as a whole. This includes physical attacks, protest activity, gang activity, criminal activity and cyber threats. In addition, candidate must be able to think critically and independently, write objectively and effectively, and be able to brief in a concise and confident manner. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: The Authority’s Director of Public Safety may designate various other activities. _The_ _following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to_ _be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Nothing in this job_ _description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time for any reason,_ _including reasonable._  The Intelligence Analyst will track and analyze emerging threats, both domestically and internationally, and contextualize threats specific to MCCA assets and personnel. This may include terrorism, social and political activism, crime, cyber threats and cultural and societal trends.  Provide regular written and oral briefings and presentation for partners, both internal and external and ranging from the hourly Public Safety staff to MCCA Executives and elevating significant information and issues to senior MCCA leaders.  Work with internal and external corporate, industry, and government (local and non-local) partners for the purpose of information collection, analysis and best practice benchmarking.  Attend regular meetings with partnering Law Enforcement agencies and corporate partners and abutters of MCCA properties.  Proactively identify threats and risks to the MCCA’s facilities, events, and clients.  Build productive relationships through regular contact with colleagues in local Law Enforcement, the MCCA, clients existing and potential, and throughout the conventions and events industry (IAVM, etc.).  Conduct industry-related research and potentially provide said research to industry partners and clients.  Participate in industry and government associations and training related to area of responsibility.  Monitor diverse open sources to identify or verify threats or any security, social, political, economic or cultural factors that may create risk to the MCCA and its events, clients, or contractors.  Create threat assessments based off of trends and incidents that impact the stability of the MCCA’s properties, events, and/or the local area.  Create Event Security Assessments for all MCCA events and work with local and non-local Law Enforcement partners to rate and score events based on assessments to determine appropriate coverage and response.  Be client-facing during planning, execution, and after action activities for events across all MCCA properties.  Conduct and lead Suspicion Indicators Recognition & Assessment (SIRA) training initiatives for the Public Safety Department and Authority-wide.  Create and maintain event-specific Law Enforcement briefing plans and documents.  Assist with building and integration of event floor plans into VMS system SUPERVISION RECEIVED : Minimal supervision is provided by the Director of Public Safety and includes assignment of duties, inspection of work, training, coaching, and performance evaluation. EDUCATION/ EXPERIENCE : BA/BS in related field required Qualifications:  Minimum of 1-year contemporary intelligence analyst and/or collection experience.  Developed ability to prioritize daily tasks and operational demands.  Assertive and proactive in identifying and resolving issues and concerns.  Effective communicator (exceptional written and verbal skills).  Demonstrated ability to effectively summarize complex information and present in a concise and compelling manner.  Strong attention to detail.  Ability to analyze large amounts of information from diverse sources to identify trends or patterns and make operational recommendations.  Builds strong relationships – works with others in collaborative, integrated manner with both internal and external partners.  Strong computer literacy – familiarity with Microsoft office and aptitude to easily learn other software programs.  Ability to maintain confidentiality.  Strong internet and social media literacy.  Ability to work under short deadlines and in crisis situations. Preferred Qualifications:  Experience with social media aggregator programs.  Experience with CCTV systems.  Experience with cyber threats.  Prior work within a large corporate structure.  Prior work in the convention and events industry.  Knowledge of surveillance, behavioral assessment, and anti-terrorism methodology.  FEMA ICS 100, 200, 300, 700, & 800 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: Candidates who have received a conditional offer of employment must satisfactorily pass a pre- employment screening for controlled substances and alcohol, criminal records review, back ground and reference check, and pre-employment physical. Employees will be subject to random, reasonable suspicion, and post- accident controlled substances and alcohol testing and to periodic review of criminal records as determined by MCCA. WORK SCHEDULE: Willingness to work weekends and evening and provide some flexibility with schedule when required. The work schedule will fluctuate based on the needs of a particular event or project and the position requires the ability to work a flexible schedule including late nights, early mornings, long days, weekends and holidays. DRESS CODE: In order to project a professional image and the level of dignity and decorum that is required when serving the public, good grooming are expected of all employees. Employees will be supplied with and required to wear uniforms as determined by the MCCA. To apply online please visit: https://workforcenow.adp.com/mascsr/default/mdf/recruitment/recruitment.html?cid=b24dd43e-0d64-44ab- ba20-a3f8e7cf60be &jobId=154389&lang=en_US&source=CC3&ccId=19000101_000001