Do you want to be part of a high-growth global startup selling products spanning 190 countries? Tradeshift is disrupting a stale e-invoicing, procure to pay, and financial solutions market. You could be a part of the Global Sales Team focusing on closing deals with Fortune 1000 companies across the globe! We are connecting companies of all sizes and providing them with the platform and network needed to create value from old processes like procurement, invoicing, payments, and workflow. Tradeshift is redefining an enterprise space that has seen little change in many years. We recognize that business is messy and business is social. Understanding these two facts drives the development of Tradeshift - a platform for all your business interactions. What you will be doing: Write comprehensive functional, technical and database design specifications along with approach to integrating SFDC with multiple external systems Coordinate solutions for complex, cross-functional enterprise systems with multiple parties and interests Utilize SFDC administrator skills to continuously deliver business solutions while maintaining existing functionality in a complex, global SFDC org Develop a detailed understanding of CRM core application architecture, as well as integrated applications such as Xactly, Netsuite, DOMO, and Marketo Interpret business requirements, provide accurate estimates, and meet deadlines on deliverables Work closely with product manager to validate business requirements Identify and implement operational improvements, enhancements, and customizations Mitigate risks associated with projects, having a high technical complexity Act as a SME in the discovery and investigation of critical production problems Maintain and support custom objects, formulas, validation rules, workflows, flows, process builder, approvals, and assignment rules. Define, maintain, and manage architecture models, frameworks and artifacts (e.g. current and future state application architecture diagrams, data models, etc.) Contribute to solution scoping and effort sizing with cross-functional team About you: Bachelor’s degree: Computer Science, Information Technology, or Engineering 5+ years of experience architecting solutions in Salesforce.com Experience with SFDC.com Lightning Experience a plus Familiarity with SSO enabled SFDC.com orgs a plus SFDC.com certifications a plus Proficiency in Salesforce.com development environment including Force.com IDE, migration tools, SOSL, SOQL, and web services Salesforce App builder, SFDC Platform Developer I Certification Culture & Perks: Tradeshift is a very special place. What makes and keeps us special is our people and how we work together. Our culture was formed from day one when three Danes poured their heart and soul into creating a platform that could connect every business in the world. We expect each employee to approach their job at Tradeshift with the same amount of pride and passion and embody the Tradeshift culture that makes us the best company in history. At the center of Tradeshift’s values is the belief that the single most important thing we do is continue to hire the best people and create a workplace where they can thrive. To reward our employees for the great work they’re doing we offer a number of perks and benefits, including: Ambitious international startup Career and professional development opportunities Flexible hours and vacation policy Supplemented cell phone plan Lunch provided daily from local SF eateries and snacks Fully paid 6 months maternity leave and 2 months fully paid paternity/partner leave A competitive compensation package + equity 100% covered medical, dental and vision benefits Life, short and long-term disability insurance 401k Wellness and Volunteer Programs Fun company events like happy hours, outings and much more