To analyze data and informational requirements and provide the best data solutions to internal Vanguard clients. Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Creates sophisticated data solutions to business problems. 2\. Translates business specifications into design specifications and code. Responsible for writing complex programs, ad hoc queries, and reports using team procedures and tool selection guidelines. Ensures that all code is developed in a well structured manner - includes sufficient documentation - and is easy to maintain and reuse. 3\. Continues to discover and implement new data sources and data integration techniques that are beneficial to clients who self-provision data. 4\. Leads all phases of development. Explains technical considerations at related meetings, including those with internal clients and less experienced team members. Tests code thoroughly for accuracy of intended purpose. 5\. Understands and enforces team development guidelines. Mentors staff with less experience. Resolves issues elevated from staff with less experience. 6\. Partners with internal clients to enhance understanding of business functions and informational needs. Maintains a broad understanding of Vanguard’s technologies, tools, and applications, including those that interface with business area and systems. 7\. Designs and conducts training sessions on tools and data sources used by the team and self provisioners. Provides supporting documentation to team members and business partners as needed. 8\. Understands, complies with and enforces team policies and procedures, especially those for quality and productivity standards that enable the team to meet established milestones. Understands, complies with and enforces all Information Security policies and procedures, and verifies deliverables meet Information Security requirements. Abides by Risk Controls as defined in the team CAF Documentation. 9\. Manages and/or participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience. Minimum of five years analyst, developer, or DBA experience. Strong SQL and query performance tuning skills. Knowledge of Vanguard digital properties. Expert-level knowledge of Vanguard UI development tools and processes and of the following technologies – Java, JavaScript, JSON, Angular JS, JSF, CSS, HTML and AJAX Extensive experience using one or more of the following data sources: Enterprise, Data Warehouse, VAST, VISTA, Adobe or Tea Leaf Advanced knowledge of one or more of the following: COGNOS Report Studio, Analysis Studio, Framework Manager and Transformer, SAS, FOCUS, SQL, EasyTrieve, Hadoop, Python, UNIX, CIS, IDAA, and Exadata, Java, Tag management Systems, Adobe and Tea Leaf. Strong problem solving, planning, and communication skills. Knowledge of Iport and Institutional data stores preferred. Knowledge of the Retail and Institutional WEB Site preferred. Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.