Purpose of Position: Architects are an important part of a well- functioning team. Architects work closely with the development team, providing mentorship through technical guidance, pair development, code review feedback, and assistance debugging stubborn issues. Product owners and project managers also work closely with the architecture team to refine requirements, identify risk, define solutions and estimate tasks. As part of our team you will be challenged to deliver secure, reliable and scalable solutions to our web and back office applications. Essential Functions: Evaluate technologies, best practices, and patterns in the best interests for solutions design Create proof-of-concept level prototypes to assist in solution determination and estimation Coordinate cross-team development changes and vision across teams Champion code reviews, enforcing and creating support for best-in-class code clarity, quality, and maintainability Support developer workspaces and deployed environments Assist with issue resolution and root-cause analysis Act as the technical domain expert for your product Maintain safety, security, and privacy standards throughout all areas of responsibility Essential Requirements: Fluent in Java and common Java libraries. Our developers work on both front-end and back-end code, so you should also feel comfortable with modern HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. You should understand data structures, relational databases, and have the ability to quickly grasp new languages, frameworks, and APIs. In addition to being hands on, you should be able to lead the design and implementation for new products and features. The key is being meticulous while meeting objectives, managing own assignments, and working independently towards goals. Non-Essential Requirements: B.S. in Computer Sciences or related field, advanced degrees preferred Experience with presentation technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and XSL/T Architecture experience with synchronous and/or asynchronous messaging constructs, standards and technologies such as MQ Series, SOAP, SOA, HTTP messaging Experience in performance tuning J2EE applications a plus jQuery, Angular or other JavaScript frameworks Messaging or distributed caching Familiarity with the Spring core and MVC frameworks Understanding of design patterns, domain driven design, test driven development Experience using version control systems such as Git, CVS, or SVN Experience with automated build systems Knowledge of popular software development processes Solid understanding of maintainable software development principles Experience with various testing types: unit, integration, load, performance, functional, etc. Understanding of security concepts with a focus on web application security