CannonDesign has an exceptional opportunity for an IT Coordinator in our Houston office. We are an integrated global design firm that unites a dynamic team of architects, engineers, strategists, futurists, researchers, and industry specialists driven by a singular goal - to help solve our clients' and society's greatest challenges. The successful candidate will help administer and manage the technology our designers rely on to develop design solutions for leading health, education and business organizations. Primary responsibilities include the following: Provide end User Support for local and remote users. Consult with users and firm standards to determine current and future technology needs relative to basic equipment. Review and determine where upgrades are necessary. Monitor system performance and provide security measures, troubleshooting, and maintenance as required. Monitor the internal Helpdesk. Utilize manuals, brochures, vendor offerings, and other resources to ensure familiarity with technology and software used by internal clients, including upgrades and new releases. Document and update best practices for position and group. Qualified candidates will have an Associate’s degree in Information Technology. A minimum of 4 years of related work experience is required. Strong communication skills and innovative thinking is essential as is the ability to provide technical software, hardware, and network problem resolutions in a user-friendly professional manner. Knowledge of MS Windows desktop, Microsoft Office, and VMWare is required. Server operating system experience, general knowledge of cloud computing, and an understanding of Active Directory is preferred. Knowledge of various software applications such as Adobe CS Suite, Autodesk Products, Skype, Bluebeam, Rhino, Sketchup, Jive, Newforma, Box.net, V-Ray, Join.me, Argos, and Deltek Vision is a plus. Click on apply now to upload your resume. As a condition of employment, all CannonDesigners are expected to complete mandatory training, including compliance training, within required timeframes and adhere to our internal policies and our Code of Conduct. CannonDesign recognizes the value of diversity in our workforce. We are committed to equal opportunity. We consider all qualified employment applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, partnership status, protected veteran status, disability, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. Individuals who hold legal work authorization applicable to employment at CannonDesign in the United States will be considered without regard to citizenship/alienage.