Riot Games was established in 2006 by entrepreneurial gamers who believe that player-focused game development can result in great games. In 2009, Riot released its debut title League of Legends to critical and player acclaim. As the most played PC game in the world, over 100 million play every month. Players form the foundation of our community and it’s for them that we continue to evolve and improve the League of Legends experience. We’re looking for humble but ambitious, razor-sharp professionals who can teach us a thing or two. We promise to return the favor. Like us, you take play seriously; you’re passionate about games. We embrace those who see things differently, aren’t afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for constraints. That's where you come in. As Head of Technology, SEA, you'll be the technical mastermind behind Riot's core and regional services, a key member of a cross-functional and cross- disciplinary strategic product leadership team, and the guidepost for all the engineering and operational disciplines within Taiwan and the SEA Region. Marshaling support from Rioters and publishing partners alike, you'll liaise and consult with a Garena team that is striving to deliver a Garena player experience at parity with that of Riot Regions. You'll drive regional tech strategy and oversee technological architecture at both the infrastructure and application tiers, keeping League of Legends running strong for millions of players in the Garena region. As a Los Angeles Rioter, you'll join a smaller team that shares our prioritization of player experience, rejection of convention and maniacal passion for gaming. Riot Games is dedicated to creating unique player experiences that show players in partner regions that they aren't lost in translation. \-------- You are: \-------- A strategic planner: your careful planning and inner desire to produce results make you an effective leader who can balance and prioritize short-term solutions without losing sight of the long-term vision; when making key decisions, you leave no variable unturned, including project scope, scheduling, viability of launches, risks and mitigation, and efficient issue escalation A seasoned technical leader: you've earned a bachelor's in Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering; you've racked up five-ten years of leadership experience in software development, live services or network architecture and are comfortable owning a product An ops wizard: you've worn a few different hats in a world-class NOC and mastered industry-standard tools like Chef and Puppet in your quest to help manage systems that service millions A shot caller: You know when it's important to take the time to find the right answer and when to go with your gut. You're not afraid of making hard decisions when there's not a clear answer and can balance the need for speed with the need for progress A Jedi of influence: You're comfortable forging alliances with technical groups across a wide variety of disciplines and are able to drive player-focused outcomes and fight for resources to get to the right answer for our players and our business Data-informed: stats are your buddies because they help you identify and mitigate risks, construct project schedules and prepare status reports; you befriend performance metrics and measurement techniques because they help you assess how well system-related services are running \--------- You will: \--------- Architect and plan systems and processes to deliver functional parity between Riot and Garena regions integrating Riot, Garena and Tencent software and hardware platforms. You're ultimately accountable for the technical quality of your product. You contribute to, and are responsible for, the overall architecture of the system Define, manage and deliver on key performance indicators related to tech operations for Riot in the Garena regions as well as set operational targets each year. You will architect and define the optimal experience for our SEA players. Together with our internal and external partners, you will deliver on that experience Work across a broad range of technological domains, including web applications development, core game operations and engineering, and build strategic roadmaps to align Garena and Tencent technology with Riot's business and operational goals Support and influence your development partners: you'll build and maintain strong relationships between Riot, Garena and Tencent technology groups. You will influence each of these teams towards optimal outcomes for our players in SEA Thrive in ambiguity: we explore new problem spaces with unique constraints and thus non-obvious solutions; you're quick to identify any gaps in the team and the right person to fill them to best deliver value to players. You can make tough calls even when stuck between a rock and a hard place Don’t forget to include a resume and cover letter. We receive a lot of applications, but we’ll notice a fun, well-written intro that shows us you take play seriously.