Provide Database Administration support. RESPONSIBILITIES FOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR: Installation and Configuration of various tools WHM Cpanel, barman, pgpool II, pgbouncer, repmgr, pgadmin, pgagent.etc Work with developers to define and maintain a database environment for application development and testing. Define and implement database backup and recovery strategies. Responsible for regular backups.pg_dump, pg_basebackup, pg_BackRest and recovery of databases pg_restore, parallel restoring, write ahead log Assist in planning and implementing database and application changes. Evaluate new database products and features. Develop and implement the standards and procedures to be used by DBAs to accomplish the following: Perform database space management. Perform database reorganizations, backups and recoveries. Monitor and tune database performance. Database monitoring pg_monitor, Grafana, Prometheus, administration, upgrades, backup, and disaster recovery of databases as assigned. Participate in projects reviewing database structures, standards, and procedures for database applications. Perform Postgres Master to Warm Standby failover Setting up and maintaining Hot Standby Setting up cascading multiple replication with repmgr and without repmgr Cloning standby database using repmgr Automatic manual failover with repmgrd Implement Support Log Shipping, Failover Solutions and replication like Hot Streaming Replication Stay informed of security patches and updates from PostgreSQL. Evaluate and implement as needed. Shell scripting for tasks considered for automation. Shadow table development for query improvement. Maintain custom vacuum, reindexing,archiving strategies in high volume databases. Knowledge in Kubernetes - opensource container orchestration system for automating deployment, scaling and management of containerized applications Comfortable in kubectl commands and exposure to Kubernetes platform like Openshift. JOB EXPERIENCE FOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR: Skills Required: Minimum 7 years overall IT experience Minimum 4 years. experience in database administration with relational/Open-source/distributed databases. Minimum 4 years. experience working in Unix/Linux/Windows environments. Strong written/oral English communication skills with ability to communicate effectively. SKILL REQUIREMENTS FOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR: Experience Preferred: Experience designing and implementing database utilities (backup and recovery) and using diagnostic and monitoring tools. Experience managing formal concern resolution process between stakeholders (developers, operations and vendors). Experience in supporting critical production environment, working on large database applications. Familiar with database security and control policies. Familiar with DevOps environment Familiar with Open-Source/Distributed Caching Technology Experience in bash/perl/python programming None BENEFITS FOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR: Medical, Dental, Vacation, Holiday tailored to meet your needs. 401K/Match, $15,000 Life Insurance, Award-Winning Employee Care Program. Established and highly regarded reputation with Green Card and H1 processing. Why should you choose Epitec? We started Epitec with a single focus, Placing People First. Knowing every good endeavor begins with listening and understanding, we’ve set about challenging every part of the employment process. Bringing the proper connections together for the perfect fit. How is Epitec different? Epitec gets to know our prospective employees, using these insights to locate the perfect placement for you. We are there, every step of the way. Providing a best-in-class compensation package combined with the opportunity to grow financially and personally through your work. What is the result? Epitec represents the world’s top companies and works to fill their open jobs with the world’s best talent. That’s led to Epitec servicing an impressive list of Fortune 100 companies. We’ve also won many awards, including eleven 101 Best & Brightest awards, four MMSDC A.C.E. Awards, multiple Crain’s awards and multiple Corp! magazine diversity awards. And that’s just the beginning, as we work to innovate the way the world thinks about employment.