Who We Are We are the Metropolitan Council, the regional government for the seven-county Twin Cities metropolitan area. We plan 30 years ahead for the future of the metropolitan area and provide regional transportation, wastewater, and housing services. More information about us on our website. _We are committed to supporting a diverse workforce that reflects the communities we serve._ Metro Transit, a division of the Metropolitan Council, is the largest provider of public transit service in the Minneapolis-St. Paul seven-county metropolitan area and one of the country's largest public transit systems. We were named the "2016 Transit System of the Year" by the American Public Transportation Association. Metro Transit operates bus, light rail and commuter rail service essential to the region's mobility, and provides resources for carpooling, vanpooling and bike commuting. Metro Transit helps people get where they're going, helps reduce the region's growing motor vehicle congestion problem and promotes a cleaner environment. How your work would contribute to our organization and the Twin Cities region: Metro Transit Police Department is seeking a Principal Administrative Specialist to provide advanced administrative support with limited supervision to ensure the efficient flow of information and communication within the division and throughout the agency. Recruitment Type: Open to internal and external applicants. This posting will establish a six (6) months eligibility list for current and future openings. What you would do in this job: Performs administrative support which regularly requires interpretation. Follows precedents and clear procedures based on past practices within a program. Administers support functions of a department through independent coordination. Develops and coordinates work procedures such as recordkeeping systems, forms control, office layout, to create new systems or revise established procedures. Reviews and interprets police incident reports, identifies deficiencies and/or missing data, implements resolutions through assigning of tasks to sworn officers. Performs duties related to coding of police reports in accordance with standards established via Minnesota Offense Coding (MOC) criteria as defined by the Minnesota State Bureau of Criminal Apprehension. Reviews Criminal Justice records which are listed as being in "Suspense". Using Minnesota State Criminal Justice Information System (MNJIS) criteria is able to resolve such files in accordance with existing State guidelines. Performs Comprehensive Criminal History checks in accordance with State and Federal requirements related to the types of systems being used, and requirements for doing so. Performs tasks related to BCA/MNJIS eCitation, and eCharging. Resolves deficiencies with electronically submitted to the State and County Courts. Responsible for maintaining extensive knowledge of departmental procedures. Prepares reports and statistics based on information compiled from various sources and determines report format and elements. Coordinates office services, such as personnel, budget preparation, records management, and special management projects. Requires high-level of competency in the use of police Records Management Systems (RMS), and police Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) software. Reviews and answers correspondence to include requests for criminal justice data submitted under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 13.82; Law Enforcement Data Practices. May assist in preparation of budget needs and annual reports of organization. Arranges and directs services such as maintenance repair, supplies, mail, and files. What education and experience are required for this job (minimum qualifications): Bachelor's degree or higher in police record/dispatch, public safety, law enforcement, criminal justice or related field. OR Associate's degree in police record/dispatch, public safety, law enforcement, criminal justice or related field and two (2) or more years of administrative work experience. OR High school diploma/GED or equivalent and four (4) or more years of administrative work experience. What additional skills and experience would be helpful in this job (desired qualifications): Bachelor's degree in police record/dispatch, public safety, law enforcement, criminal justice or related field. Trained/Certified in: Minnesota Government Access (MGA) Minnesota Criminal History Records Maintenance (CHRMS) Minnesota Crash Reports (MnCrash) Minnesota Justice Information Systems (MNJIS) eCharging, eCitation, eWarrant, Minnesota Offense Coding, Uniform Crime Reporting Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension / PORTALS Administrative experience in a police/law enforcement agency, police dispatch/records. Computer skills in Microsoft Office (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook). Detailed-oriented, multi-tasking and organizational skills. What are the knowledge, skills and abilities for the job: Knowledge of department programs and operations. Training/Experience in police Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD), and Records Management Systems (RMS) is essential. Experience in Zuercher/LETG and/or TriTech systems is desired, advanced training/experience with TriTech Public Safety suite of applications is preferred. Ability to perform under limited supervision recognizing when assistance or guidance is required to set priorities or redirect workload. Ability to display independent judgment, initiative and organization in solving a variety of problems. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential matters. Requires the ability to satisfactorily pass a comprehensive criminal history background check. Additional information: Union/Grade: Non Represented/Grade D FLSA Status : Non-Exempt Safety Sensitive: No What your work environment would be: Work is performed in a standard office setting. Some positions may require travel between primary work site and other sites. _The responsibilities listed are typical of the positions included in the job classification; however, not all duties are necessarily performed by each specific position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties of the position. Regular attendance is an essential responsibility._ What steps the recruitment process involves: We review your minimum qualifications. We rate your education and experience. We conduct a structured panel interview. We conduct a selection interview. Once you have successfully completed the steps above, then: If you are new to the Metropolitan Council , you must pass a drug test and a background check, which verifies education and employment, covers driving record (if applicable to the job), and any criminal record. If you have a criminal conviction, you do not automatically fail. The Metropolitan Council considers felony, gross misdemeanor and misdemeanor convictions on a case-by- case basis, based on whether they are related to the job and whether the candidate has demonstrated adequate rehabilitation. If you are already an employee of the Metropolitan Council , you must pass a criminal background check if the job you're applying for is safety sensitive, is a supervisory or management job, is in the Finance, Information Services or Human Resources departments, or has access to financial records, files/databases, cash, vouchers or transit fare cards. In addition : this position involves direct access to Criminal Justice Information (CJI) as defined by the FBI CJIS (Criminal Justice Information Services) Security Policy. In accordance with section 5.12.1.1 of the FBI CJIS Security Policy, the candidate must agree to submit to a state of residence and national fingerprint-based record check. If the result of the record check reveals criminal convictions, the nature and circumstances of those convictions will be reviewed by the Metropolitan Transit Police Department and/or the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension to determine if access to Criminal Justice Information would be permissible. If it is determined that access to Criminal Justice Information would not be permissible, the candidate will no longer be considered for the position. IMPORTANT: If you make a false statement or withhold information, you may be barred from job consideration.