New York Life Insurance Company is the largest mutual life insurance company in the United States. Founded in 1845 and headquartered in New York City, New York Life reported 2017 operating earnings of $2.06 billion. Total assets under management at year end 2017, with affiliates, totaled $586 billion. New York Life holds the highest possible financial strength ratings currently awarded to any life insurer from all four of the major ratings agencies: A.M. Best, A++; Fitch AAA; Moody’s Aaa; Standard & Poor’s AA+ (Source: Individual independent rating agency commentary as of 8/1/17). Financial strength, integrity and humanity—the values upon which New York Life was founded—have guided the company’s decisions and actions for over 170 years. Summary We provide our actuarial analyst and associates with a broad background in both the theoretical and practical applications of actuarial science by combining challenging job assignments and significant support towards the completion of the actuarial exams. In turn, we’re looking for a candidate who has the desire to learn, seek leadership opportunities, and improve current processes. Our goal is to hone future leaders for the company and we deliver on this goal by providing significant opportunities to improve business and leadership skills to our analysts that would enable their advancement through the company and prove valuable throughout their career. This position is in our Austin Texas location, but we have potential opportunities for advancements in Austin and other New York Life locations upon superior performance in this role. Duties/Responsibilities Collect, review and analyze data for the experience studies Perform experience studies and ad-hoc analysis, including reports for management Maintain experience study processes, including updates to processes and related documentation Prepare experience exhibits for regulatory and rating agency reporting purposes Perform actuarial research and statistical analyses Prepare presentations with summary results for management Effectively and succinctly communicate financial results, both verbally and in written form Perform special projects as assigned Make required exam progress toward attainment of actuarial certifications. Role is eligible for company paid exam study time based on acceptable exam progress Knowledge & Skills Bachelor's degree with preferred majors in Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Sciences, Economics, or Finance. Prefer cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher Strong communication and interpersonal skills Analytically minded Strong decision making abilities Superior Microsoft Excel, Access, Word, and Powerpoint skills. Good working knowledge of SQL preferred Prefer passage of one or more Society of Actuaries exams (working toward ASA/FSA designation in the Society of Actuaries) Prefer knowledge of modeling packages, programming languages, and spreadsheet/database software. SF:LI-MD1 SF:EF-MD1 EOE M/F/D/V If you have difficulty using or interacting with any portions of this Web site due to incompatibility with an Assistive Technology, if you need the information in an alternative format, or if you have suggestions on how we can make this site more accessible, please contact us at: (212) 576-5811.