Are you a motivated customer service rep looking to get your foot in the door to a real career path? Seeking to get our of retail or the fast food industry? CornerStone Staffing has partnered with a company in the North Dallas area with a progressive culture who are seeking energetic and passionate Chat Agents! This is YOUR chance to advance your career, apply now!! Job Title: Chat Agent Duration: Temp to Hire Location: North Dallas Pay: $10.75/hr. LOTS of room for advancement Schedule: Must be flexible to work any schedule between 6:00am and 1:00am. (this includes weekends and holidays) Job Description: Chat Agents will be answering customers on behalf of a Fortune 500 company via social media platforms. THIS IS NOT A CALL CENTER!! Requirements: GED/High School Diploma Good job stability Ability to provide superior customer service Desire to grow within the company Work well in a team environment Company Perks: Progressive company utilizes artificial intelligence to provide amazing service! Consistent schedule and hours Room for growth!! The company acts as a launching point into the corporate world! Lunches with the CEO, prizes, and giveaways all for your performance! Fun work environment!! Casual dress code World class training opportunities this company invests in YOU as a person and an employee Application Process Includes: Drug Testing Background Check Skills Testing To Apply for this Job: _Please visit us in person from Monday-Thursday at 9am._ Click the Apply Online button at the top of this page, or below this job description, then: If you are currently registered with CornerStone Staffing, click the I have a username and password and want to log in button to add yourself as a candidate to this job. If your are NOT currently registered with CornerStone Staffing, click the I need to register button to complete the application. After completing the Online Application if you are new to CornerStone Staffing, come to the Frisco office to interview with a recruiter Mon through Thu promptly at 9am: CornerStone Staffing Frisco 2600 Dallas Parkway 130 Frisco, Texas 75034