Requisition ID: 190508 Work Area: Information Technology Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Location: Newtown Square / Palo Alto PURPOSE OF THE JOB The Innovative Business Solutions (IBSO) - Cloud Service Center(CSC) offers remote development service delivery to global SAP Cloud Solution customer. Our solutions allow SAP customers to adapt existing SAP Cloud solutions to meet their business needs. We also offer the creation of completely new custom cloud applications. With a proven remote delivery model, global coverage, and an experienced delivery team, we help customers increase the value of their Cloud solution while lowering their Total Cost of Ownership (TCO). Our service portfolio starts with simple modifications and goes all the way to completely new customer business scenarios and standalone cloud applications. In our efforts to meet the increasing business need, we are in search of a Cloud Sales architect. Your primary goal during an active sales cycle is to gain acceptance from our customers that the proposed solution solves customer’s business problems and is the right choice over competitive offerings. Your technical expertise, development skills, and understanding of the SAP cloud platform and related SAP products allow you to rapidly help develop convincing proof-of-concept (POC) implementations that address the customer’s key requirements. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS The ideal candidate will have the ability to: Compose and deliver superior sales presentations to prospective customer audiences. The presentations must articulate the sales message, differentiate SAP, and leave a strong and positive impression to audiences which can include senior company executives. Prepare and deliver value-based software demonstrations in support of sales cycles, including the conception and implementation of personalized POC solutions using backend programming languages like Node.js, Python, or Ruby to ensure delivery of simple, appealing, and compelling presentations. Demonstrate deep knowledge of SAP solutions and appropriate industries to maintain credibility with prospective customers. Provide proof points with relevant customer stories. Provide answers to customer / internal SAP team inquiries concerning advanced solution topics. Support RFx completion in support of customer proposals. Collaborate with the sales team to identify whitespace opportunities at accounts. Ability to effectively present to customers “remotely” using virtual technologies (SAP Virtual Studio and Adobe Connect). Should be able to handle multiple sales opportunities concurrently EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS AND WORK EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) and 8+ years or Master's degree (or equivalent) and 6+ years of relevant experience In-depth understanding of Platform as a Service with a good understanding of scalability, sizing, DevOps etc. 2-3 years’ experience working on SAP cloud platform or Google cloud platform or AWS or Azure 5+ years of solution specialist/sales engineer in a cloud computing environment (or equivalent customer facing) or software development experience in areas appropriate to the job Experience in designing POCs using SCP, SAPUI5, Build Should be able to create SCP Architectures and hand it over to Dev Architects Proven ability to rapidly implement customer-centric proof-of-concepts using Node.js, Python, Ruby, or other backend programming languages Extensive understanding of REST APIs and integrations for SFSF, S4, Ariba Expert knowledge/expertise on end to end processes/solution matching Experience in sales and sales processes Excellent English presentation and communication skills WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now _._ SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations :