Overview Manage the optimization of features on Eddie Bauer’s digital properties and support a testing and analysis-based culture to drive sales and margin, while protecting the customer experience. This role will help architect and implement an optimization framework for digital properties and provide a pragmatic view of the performance through standardized and ad hoc reporting, as well as, through analyses and recommendations to business partners. Responsibilities Core Accountabilities: Analyze the key drivers of site conversion and the interactions between offline and online marketing, assess the effectiveness of merchandising and marketing programs, assist the management team in making data-driven decisions to drive positive ROI. Develop measurements, track performance, and tailor plans to Eddie Bauer’s goals and KPIs. Develop ROI models for campaign reporting. Dive deep into our data and create effective stories via data extraction that help demonstrate value and drive projects forward. Collaboratively prepare daily/ weekly/ monthly/ quarterly and ad-hoc reports, inducing new and creative recommendations. Monitor and assess site and program tags to ensure the integrity and accuracy of all online and web analytics data, partner with the digital marketing team and tag management provider to align data across our entire marketing stack, develop new tagging to meet the expending information needs of the business. Leverage analytical tools including Adobe Digital Analytics, Dynamic Action, Tealeaf, survey tools, and usability tools. Proactively implement strategy plans based on internal needs and requirements, measure product LOE and ROI in conjunction with IT. Produce integrated content, social and engagement reports, and project outcomes. Participate in value mapping of goals and activities, helping the business achieve its roadmap. Advise best solutions to achieve online marketing goals from a series of programs such as email, search (Paid, SEO), affiliates, social, display, and other inbound marketing techniques. Proactively implement strategy work plans as needs and requirements evolve. Assist in defining the vision and roadmap to advance Eddie Bauer’s online personalization efforts centered on continuous advancements to our customer segmentation and message orchestration. Leadership Expectations: Operate with the highest level of conduct, integrity, and confidentiality; setting the example for leaders and associates. Develop and nurture strong cross functional partnerships; driving business results and inspiring a culture of transparency, collaboration, and accountability. Serve as an Eddie Bauer advocate in the industry and marketplace. Recruit, identify, develop, and retain talent that delivers performance excellence. As a manager, serve as a leader of company culture, norms, and conduct. Ability to balance a strong management presence with a high level of approachability, encouraging and eliciting associate feedback and interaction. Qualifications Education/ Experience Required: Bachelor’s degree in business or related. 7+ years’ experience working in retail ecommerce with a strong understanding of online functionality, digital marketing programs, online merchandising, and loyalty programs. Advanced knowledge of digital analytic software, e.g., Adobe Digital Analytics or Coremetrics, as well as, Excel, MS Access, Tableau and other database tools such as iBase. Proficient in segmentations, algorithms, and data query or analysis software; proficient in SQL, and Python a plus. Knowledge of web development, quality assurance, security, and UX best practices. Experience with web experimentation, A/B and multivariate testing and/or marketing automation concepts, such SiteSpect Adobe Target, or Optimizely. Ability to lead projects and coordinate activities through a diverse group of people including internal co-workers, as well as, external contractors and consultants. The ability to coordinate and guide collaboration between IT staff and business users is especially critical. Effective written and oral communication skills and ability to interact effectively with all levels of internal and external customers. High level of familiarity with current digital practices, trends and topics. Knowledge of mobile first and responsive content strategies. Knowledge of the stages of the user journey and/or lifecycle pathing. Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that are required by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to sit; stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; as well as reach with hands and arms. The associate must frequently lift and/or move up to 15 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 35 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Ability to work in open environment with fluctuating temperatures and standard lighting. Ability to work on computer and mobile phone for multiple hours; with frequent interruptions. Required to travel in elevator or stairwells to attend meetings and engage with associates on multiple floors throughout building. Hotel, Airplane, and Car Travel Required. Position Type/Expected Hours of Work: This is a full-time position. As an International Retailer, occasional evening and/or weekend work may be required during periods of high volume. This role operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment. Other Considerations: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the associate for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Reasonable accommodations may be made to qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to perform the essential functions of the role.