_TOTAL COMPENSATION: $76,417.22 - $103,114.75 annually._ _Total compensation is an_ _estimate_ _based upon base compensation, median retirement fund contributions, and current employer-paid health and related benefit contribution rates (including medical, dental, life insurance, long term disability, and leave). The actual total will vary depending upon each employee's enrollment choices._ This is specialized, advanced level professional work. These positions assist management by managing, interpreting and analyzing data, including fiscal activity and service delivery operations. Examples of Duties: (Duties may include, but are not limited to the following:) Assists Managers/Supervisors in the training of department staff in the areas of work paper technique, system analysis and analytical review. Conducts cost benefit analysis, forecasts and/or similar studies to evaluate achievement of fiscal, staffing, demographics and other program goals and objectives. Plans, coordinates, analyzes, and conducts fiscal, compliance, performance, operational and program monitoring of provider and professional contracts. Analyze, design and prepare analytics, financial and accounting statements for dissemination to managers, the Director, Chief Executive Officer and the Board of County Commissioners. Prepares complex financial analysis and spreadsheets and presents to management as a basis for decision making; develops strategic recommendations based on analysis and review. Analyzes, designs, and manages new and modified computer applications. Analyzes market trends, market research, data mining, business intelligence and valuation comps. Identify financial status by comparing and analyzing actual results with plans and forecasts. Analyzes confidential compensation and benefit proposals, including union and non-represented groups, for current and future financial impact to the department, presenting findings to the BOCC. Reviews and analyzes collective bargaining agreements and employee polices for inclusion in the proposed budgets and/or other analysis. Recommends and assists in the establishment and implementation of policies, procedures, data collection, analytics, and standards for the efficient and effective operation of assigned areas. Develops and reviews short and long- range strategic plans, goals and objectives for the Department. Provides assistance to the department and department staff to ensure the implementation of audit recommendations. Develops reports documenting recommendations and presents Committees and Boards, as appropriate. Performs complex analyses and projections and assists regional officials, directors and senior managers in strategic planning and decision making. Increases productivity by developing automated reporting/forecasting. Improve financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; recommending actions to management. Conducts special projects as assigned by the Director/Manager or an assigned designee. Directs the forecast of additional funds, staffing, equipment, materials and supplies. Analyzes complex problems and makes recommendations for solution. Functions as the advisor to the departments and outside cities, counties, state, districts and other federal agencies they support. Provides appropriate management with the financial and budgetary information required to manage their organizations. Responds to inquiries from agencies, outside cities, counties, state, districts and other federal agencies, or departments regarding financial accounting and fund balance reports. Attends all related meetings and hearings. Sits on designated County committees to formulate and implement County policies and procedures. Represents the Department related dealings with other public and private entities including the negotiation and administration of grants, contracts, and interlocal service agreements. Coordinates efforts of this department with all other departments and elected officials. Provides regular updates and ad hoc analysis and reporting; advises departmental County, City, State, and Federal leadership on fiscal, and project status, issues and concerns. Develops and presents executive level financial, project analysis, benchmarks, and dash board reports. Researches authoritative pronouncements, federal grant Code of Federal Regulations and Revised Code of Washington for complex accounting issues relating to preparation of financial Statements and analysis. Attends and actively participates in a variety of meetings, including regional and multi-county, multi-jurisdictional, multi-state meetings and committees. Conduct costs/benefit analysis or other studies to evaluate achievement of program goals and objectives. Implement changes set forth in State and Federal rules and regulations, Spokane County Code and by the Director. Oversees the administration of interlocal service contracts as they relate to budgetary issues, working with departments, local cities, the State of Washington, and/or other public/private agencies. Ensures effective communication of policies and procedures to staff, other County departments, regional districts/agencies, and other states and Federal Agencies. Advise the Director/managers, CEO, COO, CBO, BOCC, City Mayors, State Directors, and Federal Agencies Directors on issues, such as Legislative changes affecting revenue, special projects, including construction, operations, fiscal issues, staffing, overtime, work hours, performance matrixes, union contract negotiations, rates for service, county-wide cost saving initiatives, and Department issues. Directs and initiates special projects. Performs other related duties. Minimum Requirements: TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE: A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university in accounting or a related field with major course work in accounting AND four (4) years of professional auditing experience which includes experience planning and conducting financial, compliance, operational and program audits.Graduate degree in accounting, business, public administration and past accounting/finance experience in governmental setting highly desirable. LICENSE: A valid driver's license or the ability to provide suitable transportation, which is approved by the County as needed to perform the duties of the job. Selection Factors: Thorough knowledge of: professional accounting and auditing theory, practices, procedures and methodologies; internal control concepts, techniques and relationships; Washington State Budgeting, Accounting, Reporting Systems (BARS) and Federal, State, and local laws, rules and regulations governing County operations. Knowledge of: budgetary practices, principles and procedures. management information theory and practices and an understanding of the development, use and maintenance of automated data processing systems. governmental organization including laws and regulations for the existence and operation of program, function or activity being reviewed. Ability to: plan and conduct broad range of compliance, financial, operational and program analysis in a tactful and professional manner; examine and evaluate records, operations, policies, procedures and control mechanisms, identify deficiencies and/or problem areas, and make recommendations for resolution; research, interpret and apply relevant federal, state and county laws, rules and regulations; establish and maintain effective working relationships with department heads, elected officials and employees; communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing and to meet required deadlines; develop and maintain required records and to prepare clear and concise written reports, and use discretion and maintain the confidentiality of data. Skilled in: the use of a personal computer and related software.