We are looking out for a Model N SME for our project team based out of Chicago, IL Deliverables: Being a techno functional lead you will Work closely with fellow support team members in the United States and India to provide excellent product support across multiple Model N customers Provide leadership and direction to the support team of Technical developers and Business Analysts. Lead status meetings with the development and management teams. Resolve issues and challenges associated with a project. Provide estimates for planning and technical direction for the management team and the client. Work with the management team to track daily progress and identify risks for the project. Provide support to the client release teams during the QA cycles. Assemble and mobilize technical team in preparation and prepare key activities for the technical work stream Lead technical project staff and teams according to the established policies and practices of the organization Planning, design and development of complex system technical architecture, software and system development methodologies such as SCRUM, AGILE, and Waterfall technologies as identified. Ensure that the technical deliverables are on time, within budget and at the required level of quality Monitor the Performance of Production system, analyze and fix the issues. Evaluate the outcomes of the support project as established during the transition phase Co-ordination of usage and Rebate reprocessing with Business areas and Application operations Preparation of Technical Release Notes for software releases - major, monthly and incident/problem fixes. Ensure system changes are unit tested properly. Ensure that the daily run-book of data integrations and data processing is being followed and that any issues are resolved quickly and to the satisfaction of customer IT, IM and business. Report overall production support status (weekly and monthly), defect fix progress, trend reporting, resolve escalated issues, and provide SLA reporting to customer management. Define and establish a process to fix the defects and report it back to the customer. Co-ordination of defect fix delivery, co-ordination with interfacing applications and Core module changes, defect testing support to approve for production implementation Release implementation support for Major/minor release implementations and maintenance releases and production defect fixes including post release support. Recommend and help customers understand how Model N can be best changed, designed and/or configured technically to meet a customer business requirement. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Model N-Data model PL1 Required 2 Model N-Configuration PL1 Required 3 Model N-Dataflow PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Oracle-LS NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 11 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.