Company Overview Riverbed, The Digital Performance Company, enables organizations to maximize digital performance across every aspect of their business, allowing customers to rethink possible. Riverbed’s unified and integrated Digital Performance Platform, brings together a powerful combination of Digital Experience, Cloud Networking and Cloud Edge solutions that provides a modern IT architecture for the digital enterprise, delivering new levels of operational agility and dramatically accelerating business performance and outcomes. At more than $1 billion in annual revenue, Riverbed’s 30,000+ customers include 98% of the Fortune 100 and 100% of the Forbes Global 100. Learn more at www.riverbed.com With over 2,000 employees globally, Riverbed offers the rewarding experience of working with some of the smartest, most passionate, and nicest people in the industry who are changing the world through cutting edge technology and applications. Each of us is committed to delivering the strategies, architectures and technologies that our partners and customers need to control, optimize and have visibility into their networks and applications. The Role: Riverbed is looking for a highly motivated and driven Director of Order Fulfillment and Logistics to become part of our Manufacturing Operations team. The Director of Order Fulfillment and Logistics is responsible for the execution of all business processes carried out by our transportation providers and distribution centers worldwide to support Riverbed’s revenue objectives and continued growth. The individual in this role will also work closely with multiple other internal teams (Sales, Sales Operations, Tax, Legal, Finance and IT) on a variety of ongoing deliverables and strategic initiatives. This is a hands-on role that requires a fundamental understanding of all aspects of the supply chain, strategic thinking, project and vendor management skills and the ability to manage a variety of complex, daily operational issues with minimal supervision. Key Responsibilities: Order Fulfillment: Key responsibilities include managing a global team of Logistics Program Managers in the US, Europe and Singapore that oversee the daily operational activities of our distribution centers (inventory control, product configuration/refurbishment/repair, order fulfillment, critical quarter end activities); ensuring all sales orders are promptly and accurately shipped per SLA, addressing any critical issues; and measuring and improving business processes and costs. Logistics: Key responsibilities include leading the cost effective movement of products throughout the Riverbed supply chain to the final customer locations; providing training and consulting to internal staff, resellers and customers; addressing a variety of transportation and customs issues; the ongoing development and implementation of Riverbed’s corporate logistics strategy; measuring the cost and performance of third party providers. Global Trade Compliance: Ensure Riverbed is compliant with import and export laws in all countries where Riverbed operates; working with internal teams and external suppliers to ensure compliance with Riverbed policies; addressing a variety of issues and requests as they arise. General Management: Hire, train, and motivate direct reports; develop and foster strong relationships with internal teams and external partners/customers; take direct action to proactively identify operations and customer service issues, perform root cause analysis, resolve immediate issue to customer satisfaction and implement corrective action processes in order to drive continuous improvement. Experience and Qualifications: The ideal candidate will have successfully designed, implemented and managed order fulfillment and logistics activities with a high level of autonomy in an enterprise hardware environment for 10+ years. Strong communication, problem solving and managements skills are a must; ability to engage and influence direct and indirect reports and peers. Experience is as-is/to-be business process mapping, gap analysis, requirements elicitation and data analysis Why Riverbed Technology? If you are a high-achiever who wants to be part of a dynamically growing, billion dollar plus company, then you should look closely at Riverbed. We offer the rewarding experience of working with the best minds in the industry that are changing the world through cutting edge technology and applications. The company has been recognized multiple years for attracting and retaining today’s top talent as a great place to work by Glassdoor, Fortune magazine’s 20 Great Workplaces in Tech and by numerous other publications. Learn more at www.riverbed.com. Riverbed is proud to be an affirmative action (AA) and equal employment opportunities (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. LI-MK1