Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity The Network Engineer within the Technology Services Team is a key player in the design, build and support of the network infrastructure across all sites in Honeywell. The Network Engineer will function as the SME (Subject Matter Expert) for contemporary network technologies including Software Defined Networks. This role will be key to providing detailed insight into network issues, Connectivity issues, bandwidth utilization and network/app response time. Job Responsibilities: Subject Matter Expert for contemporary network solutions including Software Defined Network, Software Defined Data Center, SIP, Network Segmentation and Wireless LAN implementation and support. Provide technical and business input for IT infrastructure projects related to data networking, and related technologies. Understand and support global telecommunication technology directions. Participate in large scale, multi-functional projects, including product development, merger and acquisition, and divestiture activities, with an open and creative mindset focused on delivering business solutions. Provide compliance and support for regulation controlled systems. Identify telecommunication infrastructure optimization opportunities Act as a technical interface with businesses, internal teams, supplier partners, end-users, and solution providers to ensure processes and tools are in place and/or are followed to support the environment, and meet business needs. Coordinate efforts and technical support for multiple suppliers. Partner with multiple suppliers to deliver services under established SLAs. Continuously evaluate service level results oriented to customer satisfaction. Document and share telecommunication infrastructure procedures, architecture and network topology. Submit, review, and approve Change Management requests. Participate in ‘Go-Live’ support of any design deployment and transition into operational steady state. Analyze business processes, and assess business needs to assist with the development and deployment of network services and solutions. Mentor different team members in areas of expertise. Some on-call/after-hours work is required Other responsibilities as needed. 30 In-depth network analysis and trouble shooting 20 SLA and vendor management 20 Operation support 20 Project support 10 Reporting YOU MUST HAVE Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 5 years of hands-on Telecommunications experience with a strong focus on routing and switching technologies 2 year2 of experience with latest networking technologies such as: network admission control, network overlays (NSX and ACI), IP address management, wireless technologies, AND/OR networking monitoring tools WE VALUE CCNA, CCIE certifications highly preferred TCP/IP address administration, and IPSec management concepts Extensive Telecommunication experience Strong data analytical skills Possesses a record of execution against aggressive timelines Consistent and disciplined approach to support global corporations Constant change agent Ability to deliver on challenging commitments Hands-on experience in day-to-day support. Self-motivated Familiar with business/location/regional legal regulations Familiar with Agile (Scrum) project methodologies ITIL and Six Sigma certification Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Some Travel Required ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD37254 Category: Information Technology Location: 1985 Douglas Drive North, Golden Valley, MN 55422 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.