_(Those who previously applied need not re-apply)_ This title is in a Civil Service competitive class that is subject to examination. The selected candidate must agree to take the Civil Service Examination for Computer Systems Manager when it is offered in September, or must be a permanent Computer Systems Manager, or must be permanent in an equivalent title that is eligible for 6.1.9 to Computer Systems Manager . More information can be found on the DCAS website below: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtmloc Position Summary: The Office of Pupil Transportation is dedicated to ensuring that all eligible New York City students receive safe, clean, and timely transportation to and from school. We are dedicated to providing the students of New York City with safe, clean, dependable, efficient, cost- effective, and prompt transportation and are responsible for supporting the educational process through the provision of services that are essential for the education of the children but which reside outside of the classroom. OPT seeks to improve the safety, reliability, and timeliness of student bus transportation. In order to do this, OPT is focusing on four areas of operational investment to improve bus service. They encompass enhancements to school bus routing, installation, and use of Global Positioning Systems/Automatic Vehicle Location (GPS/AVL) technology; development of business intelligence (BI) techniques and tools for business analysis and improvement; and customer service and communication strategies which ensure that our technological improvements result in service improvements for students, parents, schools, bus contractors, and DOE operating units. The technology upgrades must be accompanied by investment in personnel who have the proper skills to integrate new systems with existing ones and transfer change into improvement. The Data Warehouse Manager will be at the forefront of efforts to ensure data quality improvement and to provide business units the ability to use data for making business decisions to further the services provided to the students of New York City. This position will primarily manage technical aspects of multiple projects at a time and may be required to oversee business case development, requirements documentation, test plan development, and project deployments for data management projects. The Data Warehouse Manager will be working in the applications/ solutions development and support team. Performs related work. Reports to: Managing Director of Enterprise Architecture, Systems and Process Improvement Direct Reports: Data Warehouse Technical Leads and ETL Developers Key Relationships: Relationships will be fostered with all levels of Business and IT professionals within the DOE. Responsibilities Oversees the development of data warehouse and data marts to conform to business and operational regulations in vendor performance and customer service. Develops and maintain high-performance data warehouse and data marts by regularly analyzing bottlenecks and remedying them by design improvements based on an understanding of database engine, data aggregation, and hardware principles. Acts as a technical project manager responsible for designing, building, and maintaining data warehouse and data mart systems to conform to enterprise data and operational needs. Evaluates and creates organization-wide data policies, standards, and processes; responsible for the oversight and strategy execution of data quality framework; establishes IT guidelines, policies, and practices for data warehouse and data marts. Evaluates data modeling, ETL design, configuration, and implementation for data all warehouse and data marts projects. Plans and executes data quality and information management, and data warehousing technologies behind business intelligence projects. Responsible for documentation on data warehouse architecture, models (conceptual, logical, and physical), schemas (star, snow flake), data profiling, design, development, testing, implementation, and project management. Responsible for making clear and concise presentations to establish consensus for architectural and design decisions among cross-functional teams like Business Intelligence, Business Operations, Infrastructure, and Project Management domains. Oversees systems integrators, security and quality control. Determines requests for proposals and the review/selection of vendors. Qualification Requirements: Minimum A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user devices, or area networks; at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s department of education and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred 8+ years of experience in building and managing complex data warehouse and data marts using Microsoft SQL Server technologies (2012 or later), SSAS, SSRS, and SSIS for on-premises and/or cloud environments. 4 + progressive hands-on experience with working in data architecture (data analyst, data quality lead, DBA, etc.) in both OLTP and OLAP environments. 2+ years of experience in solution development using NoSQL data stores (e.g., MongoDB, Couch DB, Document DB) and leveraging their capabilities for appropriate business use cases. Strong experience with ER tools such as ER Studio, Erwin, or Microsoft Visio. Strong experience with Business Intelligence tool stack like Power BI, Power View, or Tableau. Strong technical skills and exceptional “hands on” capability in the areas of data quality and data migration; ability to work independently as well as part of a team with both internal business and external technical partners. Strong experience in data modeling concepts, data warehouse and data mart best practices. Strong interpersonal and communicative skills to effectively collaborate with among cross-functional teams like Business Intelligence, Business Operations, Infrastructure, and Project Management domains. Experience in working on projects using agile, iterative, and waterfall methodologies. Internal candidates preferred. Salary: $102,788 -$160,089 (Internal candidates who are selected for this position and who currently hold comparable or less senior positions within the DOE will not make less than their current salary.) Please include a resume and cover letter with your application. Applications will be accepted through August 14, 2018 until 3:00 p.m. NOTE: The filling of all positions is subject to budget availability and/or grant funding. It is the policy of the Department of Education of the City of New York to provide educational and employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, creed, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship status, age, marital status, partnership status, disability, sexual orientation, gender (sex), military status, prior record of arrest or conviction (except as permitted by law), predisposing genetic characteristics, or status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual offenses and stalking, and to maintain an environment free of harassment on any of the above-noted grounds, including sexual harassment or retaliation. Inquiries regarding compliance with this equal opportunity policy may be directed to: Office of Equal Opportunity, 65 Court Street, Room 1102, Brooklyn, New York 11201, or visit the OEO website at http://schools.nyc.gov/OEO Required Skills Required Experience