BTG is a growing international specialist healthcare company. Our mission is to bring to market medical products that meet the needs of specialist healthcare physicians and their patients. We have an exciting opportunity for a: Quality Technician Broad Function This position is responsible for supporting several areas of Quality Assurance, Quality Control and Operations, Specifically in the areas of Metrology, Inspection, Inspection Planning, Document Control, Supplier Reviews and Internal Auditing. The position also supports the Quality Assurance department in other areas as needed. Principal Responsibilities This position’s primary duties will be to perform quality test & inspection. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Test & inspection Perform incoming inspection of raw materials and components. Perform in-process inspection and testing of sub-assemblies. Perform final assembly inspection and testing. Quality document review including lot history records for subassemblies, finished goods, and sterilization records. Perform lot release or design verification testing of finished goods. Track calibration and preventative maintenance due dates for equipment and tooling. Coordinate and schedule calibration/PM activities. Log and decontaminate returned product and assist with failure investigation. Assist with NCMR investigation and closure. Quality system activities Process (review, track, copy, scan, file, archive, and maintain) quality documents and records in electronic and hardcopy format per relevant procedures. Process quality records related to device history Audit quality records for completeness, accuracy, and conformance to appropriate SOP’s. Collect and enter data into department databases as needed. Identify and implement improvements quality system. Comply with the Site Quality System. Principal Relationships Accountable to: Site Quality Manager Responsible for: No direct report Internal: Quality Assurance External: None Education and Experience 5+ year’s medical device experience in quality test & inspection. Catheter experience preferred. Ability to work independently and solve problems with minimal guidance. Initiative, willingness to learn, and flexibility to meet changing demands. Attention to detail, accuracy, and GMP proficiency. Effective verbal and written communication skills. Ability to solve problems and work independently. Minimum high school degree. Computer skills: Microsoft Excel and Word Skills and Attributes Demonstrated ability to write and review documents and procedures Exemplary interpersonal communication skills, both oral and written Demonstrated effectiveness working independently and in groups Excellent organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple projects with little supervision