Looking for your next opportunity? If so, choose Parkland and discover what a meaningful job feels like. Whether you work directly with patients or use your talent to support our care, you’ll be part of a team that’s providing valuable health services to Dallas County residents. And here, you’ll have the opportunity to put all your skills to work, and the support to grow and advance in your job and your field. Step into a career that will make a substantial difference for our patients—and for you. We blend cultures, talents, and experience into an exemplary health and hospital system. Parkland has earned distinction as one of America’s Best Hospitals by U.S News and World Report every year since 1994. PRIMARY PURPOSE Responsible for the development, implementation and/or maintenance of the overall big data architecture and necessary technical solutions on behalf of the vision provided by the Parkland Health and Hospital System. MINIMUM SPECIFICATIONS Education: Must have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. Prefer a Master's degree in a related field. Experience: Must have seven years of experience working with data warehouses and large data sets, to include five years of experience working with data management and database administration. Must have experience implementing data models, universes and data warehouses. Prefer five years of experience working with IT healthcare database support. Prefer five years of experience building and running Structured Query Language (SQL) queries, Crystal reports, and/or other reporting tools. Prefer five years of Microsoft T-SQL / Oracle PL-SQL (Procedural Language) experience. Prefer previous experience with an Electronic Medical Record (EMR) application such as Eclipsys, Epic, or Cerner within a healthcare organization. Equivalent Education and/or Experience: May have an equivalent combination of education and experience to substitute for both the education and the experience requirements. Certification/Registration/Licensure: Prefer current SQL database certification upon hire: Microsoft Certified Solutions Engineer (MCSE) or Oracle Certified Professional (OCP). Prefer related Epic certifications. Skills or Special Abilities: Must have proven success in data warehouse design, implementation and support. Must have proven success in Epic Clarity reporting system. Must have strong understanding of data models and universes. Must have strong understanding of Structured Query Languages (SQL). Must have strong organizational, analytical, and statistical skills. Must be detail oriented. Must be able to prepare project schedules, budgets, and reports. Must be able to demonstrate outstanding verbal and written communication skills. Must be focused on delivering quality solutions to internal customers; and able to manage customer relationships effectively. Must be able to serve as a customer liaison to external departments as directed. Must be skilled in data management and analysis. Must have excellent presentation and report management skills. Must be able to demonstrate skills in reporting, Microsoft Office software such as Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project and Visio. May be required to have technical knowledge of client-server and web-based environments, and comprehensive operational knowledge of healthcare applications and systems. Prefer experience with 'Big Data' sets and management. Prefer experience and understanding of leading data processing solutions, such as HADOOP. Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.