Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 4,500 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2017 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Job Title: Data Engineer Consultant (BI/DW) Responsibilities: As a Data Engineer for Slalom Consulting, you'll work in small teams to deliver innovative solutions on Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud. In this role, you’ll be using modern data architecture tools, including cloud (AWS/Azure/GCP), Hadoop, Spark, Kafka and other Big Data related technologies. In addition to building the next generation of data platforms, you'll be working with some of the most forward-thinking organizations in data and analytics. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline Minimum 3-7 years relevant experience Relational Database Experience: Understanding of Data Modeling concepts (Dimensional and Normalization), knowledge of OLAP structures, SQL Performance Tuning Experience and working knowledge in programming languages i.e. Python, Java etc. Experience capturing data requirements Understanding of distributed systems and architecture design trade-offs Understand different types of storage (Relational, MPP, NoSQL) and working with different kinds of data (structured, unstructured, metrics, logs, etc.) Experience with setting up and operating ETL/ELT pipelines Data Integration experience (using SSIS, Talend, Informatica, Alteryx, etc) Bonus/Nice to have: Experience on AWS, GCP and/or Azure Experience working with MPP databases such as Redshift, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, etc. 2-3 years’ experience working with big data technologies such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Apache Spark preferably on the cloud Experience working with streaming technologies such a Kafka, Kinesis/Event Hubs/PubSub Report development experience Advanced Analytics / ML Experience _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By La_ w.