WHO WE ARE: Freedom Financial Network is a family of companies that takes a people-first approach to financial services, using technology to empower consumers to overcome debt and create a brighter financial future. The company was founded in 2002 by Brad Stroh and Andrew Housser on the belief that by staying committed to helping people, you can ensure better financial outcomes for both the customer and the business. This Heart/$ philosophy still guides the vision of our growing company, which has helped millions of people find solutions for their financial needs. What began with 2 people in a spare bedroom has now rapidly expanded to a vibrant business that employs over 1700 employees (known internally as The Freedom Family) in two locations: San Mateo, CA and Tempe, AZ. When you visit either of our offices, you’ll understand why our employees have voted us the Best Place to Work for the last several years. It’s a place where the Heart/$ philosophy continues to thrive, where we believe that success is only achieved by doing what’s right for our customers, our employees, and our communities. THE OPPORTUNITY: As a BI Engineer with Freedom Debt Relief in its Tempe, AZ office, this position will report to the BI Engineer Manager, but will work closely with a strong Engineering team comprised of BI Engineers, Data Engineers, and the Director of Engineering. We are building a BI platform to provide a single and consistent source of truth in a fast-growing organization (1,800 employees, adding 100+ every month), and will do so with: Best in breed technology – Google Big Query & Tableau Small, smart team of engineers and analysts Well executed dashboards, self-service modules, alerting and real-time monitoring tools Evangelizing the incremental business value to aid platform adoption THE ROLE: Work with BI Product and Analysts on a daily basis to understand reporting requirements Design and model data structures to support daily, operational and ad hoc reporting Own and support production data warehouse objects Participate in daily scrums and work with data engineers to ensure data availability Effectively manage your time and lead platform development efforts for the line of business REQUIREMENTS/CHARACTERISTICS: 4-5 years experience in developing and maintaining BI solutions. 2-3 years experience in building and enhancing data warehouses. Strong data modeling skills. Good understanding and experience in building star schema and denormalized data structures. Report authoring experience. Working knowledge of reporting tools like Tableau, Looker, SSRS, Business Objects etc. Strong SQL skills. 1-2 years experience implementing ETL. Ability to translate business questions to technical specifications. Strong communication skills WHY JOIN THE FREEDOM FAMILY? Fast, continued growth – there’s a lot of opportunity for advancement Voted a Best Place to Work multiple times by our employees, most recently 1 in our Tempe office! Great base salary with quarterly bonuses Opportunities for growth Benefits start within 30 days 401k with employer match 3 weeks’ paid vacation (increased with tenure) 9 paid holidays & 5 sick days Paid time off for volunteer work and on your birthday This is your opportunity to be part of a growing company where dedicated professionals strive to help customers and each other succeed every day. If that sounds exciting to you, we want to talk to you. Apply today! Attention Agencies & Search Firms: We do not accept unsolicited candidate resumes or profiles. Please do not reach out to anyone within Freedom Financial Network (FFN) to market your services or candidates. All inquiries should be directed to Talent Acquisition only. We reserve the right to hire any candidates sent unsolicited and will not pay any fees without a contract signed by FFN’s Talent Acquisition leader. Thank you for your consideration.