N/A Minimum Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Business or a related field, with a minimum of four years of experience in program/project development or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred Education and Experience Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree preferred. Experience working with students in a higher education setting. Experience in managing programs that serve underrepresented minority populations. Knowledge of high impact practices at four-year universities. Experience in coordinating multiple projects or events at one time. Experience with PeopleSoft, Microsoft applications, statistics software and online survey platforms. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Under direction of the Associate Dean, the Program Specialist will support underrepresented minority students who participate in the Cultural Scholars Program and other students supported by specialized student success initiatives in the Office of Undergraduate Education. The Program Specialist will work closely with the Office of Admissions to identify underrepresented minority scholarship recipients to join the Cultural Scholars Program, while providing the personal support and programming necessary to maintain the engagement of continuing students in the program. Programming includes meeting with students and organizing events designed to provide scholars opportunities to bond with each other and facilitate achievement of academic and personal goals. In addition, the Program Specialist will conduct outreach and provide personalized support for students in other student success initiatives, such as those who participate in the First Generation Living Learning Community (LLC). Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information Conduct one-on-one meetings with Cultural Scholars and First Generation LLC participants. Document meeting outcomes in a manner that allows for both quantitative and qualitative analysis. Maintain participant lists and program records. Conceptualize and execute events, workshops, and information sessions that align with student needs. Develop and implement strategies to improve Cultural Scholar engagement. Provide timely referrals and meeting follow-ups. Track and facilitate participant utilization of on campus resources. Develop and maintain knowledge of important University resources and programs. Develop close relationships with multiple University departments. Be detail-oriented and have strong written and oral communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills, including the ability to work with people of diverse cultures and backgrounds. Assist with the analysis of Cultural Scholar academic performance and engagement. Ensure academic persistence and progress to graduation for all Cultural Scholars. Produce reports related to individual performance and program outcomes. Special Instructions Summary N/A