The System Administrator role requires an individual with strong UNIX and web application architecture and administration skills. The successful candidate will be responsible for supporting MRM’s application environments. They will work closely with engineering teams to support their requirements. Specific responsibilities include the specification, setup, configuration and operations of IT infrastructure solutions that provide testing, pre-production and production environments for public facing internet platforms. Responsibilities: Work closely with development teams to integrate their projects into the production environment and ensure their ongoing support once there. Gain a deep application-level knowledge of the systems as well as contributing to their overall design. Be a DevOps champion - work closely with other internal teams to build security, reliability, and scalability into the development lifecycle. Dive deep into the software stack to troubleshoot as needed. Build engineering automation and productivity tools to streamline and scale applications in the production environment Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to application development, deployment and operations Build from the ground up reliable infrastructure services to deliver highly scalable services Work with a team of peers who are smart, professional, pull their own weight, and share a passion for what they are creating. A few examples of technologies we work with on a daily basis include: AWS Apache MySQL Chef git Jenkins JIRA & Confluence Collaboratively provide expert system administration skills and knowledge to internal groups, clients and third-party partners. Provide on-call availability as and when required. Required Skills Education, Skills and Experience: 3 to 5 years of Unix/Linux administration and experience with Windows 2008R2 / 2012 Very strong scripting and automation skills – you believe you can automate everything Solid experience and background working with AWS services (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, CloudFormation, RDS, SQS, etc… Proficiency with the AWS CLI. Experience with Infrastructure as Code A solid Ops foundation - you’re always thinking “What happens if this fails ” when you build things Experience working in an iterative based development environment using Agile/SCRUM Familiarity with build & release automation tools and methodologies like Jenkins. Strong personality capable of leading and communicating effectively with subject matter experts across a wide range of specialties and companies A clear thinker, demonstrating meticulous attention to detail who can operate independently Bonus points if you: Have experience with Docker or ECS Have experience with MySQL or PostgreSQL AT MRM, RELATIONSHIP IS OUR MIDDLE NAME. MRM//McCann is a leading customer relationship agency that leverages the power of creativity, the beauty of data, and the magic of technology to nurture, encourage and sustain strong relationships between brands and their customers – in turn, creating meaningful experiences for people, while driving business results. We employ the most innovative talent in the industry to digitally drive the transformation of our clients’ businesses and provide creative solutions to help brands grow meaningful relationships with people. Do you excel when working in a team? Are you fascinated by the endless possibilities that technology brings to marketing? Are you ready to transform our world? If so, you will thrive in our culture based on the Important Things We Believe (I.T.W.B.s): Ideas power everything We’re Better Together We’ll figure it out Complexity can be managed It only counts if we deliver Technology is magic MRM//McCann is a leader in Gartner Inc.'s annual "Magic Quadrant for Global Digital Marketing Agencies" report. Gartner Magic Quadrants are based on an exacting methodology where agencies stand out for their strategic services, including business strategy and digital business transformation skills. MRM//McCann is noted for its global vision and strategy, and its use of tools and analytics enabling clients to deliver a measurable business impact as the result of those strategies. NO THIRD PARTY RESUMES ACCEPTED. MRM//McCann is an EEO/AA employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, marital status, citizenship, disability, genetic information or veteran status or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. McCann Detroit participates in e-Verify. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, please submit your request through one of the following methods listed below: a) Dedicated Fax - 917-661-6310 b) Dedicated E-mail – Careers@mwgdetroit.com c) US Mail – ATTN: Human Resources, 360 W. Maple Birmingham, MI 48009 d) Dedicated Phone – 248-203-8000 NOTE: Disability accommodation requests only. Required Experience