Software Engineer 2, Minecraft Are you passionate about working in video games and have experience writing cloud software? Minecraft is looking for you! Minecraft inspires millions to create together, connects people across the globe, and brings together a community that is among the most active and passionate in the world. The Minecraft team is looking for a producer to lead and drive the timely delivery of next generation game technology and foundations. Software Engineers take end-to-end ownership for development and quality of products and services that delight customers and add strategic value to Microsoft. They evaluate requirements, estimate costs, and design and implement products and services. They define and implement the quality criteria for their products and services, using measurements and insights to understand and validate the quality of experience for customers. They manage and improve the engineering process, manage risks, dependencies and compromises, and integrate software into broader ecosystems and/or products and services. As a software engineer in game services, you work with your team to deliver safe, scalable, high-quality web services. You work with peers across disciplines (Art, Design, Production, and Test) to build robust features on a predictable schedule and at high quality. You identify technology opportunities, risks, and prototyping new techniques to create high quality player-focused games, as driven by your services. Responsibilities Developing and coordinating features using Microsoft Azure compute and storage Defining initiatives that impact our games Ensuring timely, high quality deliverables Strong communicator Desire to be hands on Qualifications At least 4 years of experience writing cloud-based web services, preferably in Azure. Understanding of Azure for compute (websites and webjobs), storage, cache, and VMs Test- and performance-driven methodology for building services. We need to ensure that our services are both robust and handle extremely high scale. Mastery of code in C++, C, Java, JavaScript, and Python (at least 5 years) and other languages Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.