Job Code 384558 Network Design/Admin/Analy Sr Duties & Responsibilities As a Senior Network Engineer you will participate with the team in determining which network technologies are to be implemented in the production environment. You will also contribute to vendor evaluation for network hardware and software applications for a wide variety of projects. You will work with solutions for monitoring and alerting systems, and as part of the team that implements new networks in campus expansion projects such as new buildings or data center service offerings, including off campus locations. You will support HBS efforts in cloud hosting and cloud based DevOps, and efforts in network and data security as well as reviews of network operations for security best practices. As a Senior Network Engineer you are a full participant in the daily operations of the HBS network, and work in close consultation with our Network Architect and Network Security Engineer. Some duties may include hardware procurement, support, deployment, advanced network troubleshooting, day to day administration and security response. You will work closely with several partners including Harvard University’s IT network group which serves as our Internet Service Provider as well as a host for common enterprise software applications and AWS cloud based hosting, assorted consulting services. You will work closely with the ESS systems teams and HBS Services and Application developers in order to maintain an understanding of what network resources are required for their success and to better inform them of the network capabilities. Maintaining, expanding and improving connectivity efficiencies is at the heart of this position. Essential Responsibilities: Provide high level technical skills for the network team. Design and implementation of network routers and switches running Cisco IOS. Collaborate with HBS departments to develop new solutions for process/development related problems, stay current with industry best practices and trends within our Network Infrastructure. Ensure that HBS network services and resources are protected in accordance with Harvard’s Policies and Standards, as well as industry best practices. Troubleshoot and resolve complex network issues as required Maintain a productive relationship with business sponsors and end users. Assumes additional responsibilities as required Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in a technical field and/or 7+ year’s relevant industry experience required. Three+ years experience administering and supporting multi-building network infrastructure with Cisco Routers, Switches and Wireless products Working Conditions - Participate in night and weekend on-call pager rotation Additional Qualifications Experience using network analysis tools Proven experience and success with LAN, WAN, WLAN, and WWAN design and implementation Working technical knowledge of current network hardware, protocols, and Internet standards. Strong task and time management experience, demonstrated the ability to determine and deploy resources to achieve goals on time and in the most efficient and cost-effective way Ability to excel with minimal direct supervision Possess the ability to express complex technical concepts effectively, both verbally and in writing to people with varying degrees of technical expertise Excellent problem solving and decision making skills Solid task management skills to plan and execute on deliverables. Thorough understanding of construction and planning requirements when planning network expansion and upgrades during building renovations. ITILv3 Foundations certification desirable. Network security experience should include firewall and access list management. Knowledge of network access control and authentication mechanisms are helpful. Additional Information Cover Letter is Required. Follow us on Twitter - @HBSJobs Harvard Business School is unable to offer visa sponsorship for this opportunity. Explore HBS Work Culture at http://www.hbs.edu/employment/ and learn about other Employment Opportunities. Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Boston Department Information Technology Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 058 Pre-Employment Screening Criminal, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.