Overview: Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) proudly serves Fortune 500 companies, world champion sports teams, state-of-the-art healthcare providers, the world’s leading educational institutions, iconic destinations and cultural attractions, and numerous municipalities in 19 countries around the world. Our 270,000 team members deliver experiences that enrich and nourish millions of lives every day through innovative services in food, facilities management and uniforms. We operate our business with social responsibility, focusing on initiatives that support our diverse workforce, advance consumer health and wellness, protect our environment, and strengthen our communities. Aramark is recognized as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE, as well as an employer of choice by the Human Rights Campaign and DiversityInc. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. Description: SUMMARY This position is responsible for the purchasing and storage of food and kitchen supplies from vendors. Evaluation of vendor quotes and services to determine the most cost effective suppliers. Utilize prudent buyer concepts according to established purchasing policies and procedures. Responsible for weekly inventory and organization of product, as well as the distribution of food and food supplies. Relies on experience and judgment and accomplish goals to perform a variety of tasks. Works under limited supervision while reporting to the Food Production Manager. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Maintains friendly, efficient, positive customer service attitude toward customers, clients, and co-workers. Is responsive to customer needs. Places all food, supply, and equipment orders for the Food and Nutrition Department Orders efficiently to establish par levels. Uses order guides, production sheets, menus, and catering requests to assure all products are on hand. Purchases in quantities that ensure an adequate stock at all time in accordance with established procedures. Orders special diet foods and supplements as necessary. Uses approved vendors unless otherwise directed. Prepares proper return material documentation for food and supplies to be sent back for credit. Assists Food and Nutrition employees, Supervisors, and Managers by providing information on back-orders, change of product, and inventory discrepancies. Keeps abreast of changes, additions and deletions of in the contract and agreement profile of all Group Purchasing Organizations which the hospital is a member. Receives, breaks down, and properly stores all department deliveries in a timely manner. Follow FIFO when putting orders away. Monitors deliveries for damaged, spoiled, or out of date items. Dates all perishable items properly. Conducts weekly inventory, keeps prices updated. Maintains all storage areas so that they are clean and organized. Spot checks storage areas for proper labeling and dating standards. Disposes of trash and garbage in appropriate manner as needed. Compliance with all Prima standards. Assists in maintaining Prima requirements including weekly menu maintenance, entering over/under for food usage, and invoice entry and linking. Adheres to established systems and training programs to provide a safe working environment. Complies with all OSHA regulations and other local, state, and federal regulations. Maintains compliance with Aramark's standards of operation. Adheres to Aramark's Business Conduct Policy at all times. Maintains all records and reports to ensure compliance, with all local, state and federal regulations and codes. Maintains compliance with all requirements of Federal, State and local regulations and guidelines including the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended. OTHER DUTIES Performs all other related duties as requested or required by manager. Qualifications: QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions: Position requires a High School diploma for General Education degree (GED). Two years prior food service experience required. Ability to use the computer and computer systems proficiently. Ability to read and interpret procedural documents and write routine reports and correspondence using prescribed format and conform to all rules of punctuation, grammar, diction and style. Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistics. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Requires management and leadership skills in addition to good planning and organization skills. Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran