Position Summary Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. Owned by Samsung Electronics Corporation Ltd., SAS is the only semiconductor manufacturing plant located outside of Korea. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, personal computers, mobile phones, workstations and servers. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology, enabling the world's digital devices to operate at the highest performance. The Process Integration team is focused on new product set up and transfer to mass production. As part of the Process Integration team, you will provide support in processing modules including Fin, PC, SD, RMG, MOL, and BEOL. SAS is focused on being the World's Best Foundry product supplier. Role and Responsibilities Module set up of critical parameters (i.e. Fin CD, gate CD, epi process CD, BEOL CDs, etc). Device centering to achieve the product specific performance requirements at M1 and MF DC. Coordination and delivery of customer sample lots with desired speed and quality of the customer. These samples will be used for reliability testing and system testing and will have significant impact on successful business results with the customer. Need understanding of PFA, defects and Yield for initial lot testing and de-bugging. Some preparation for customer interactions will be required. Strong organization and communication skills are required. Skills and Qualifications BS or MS in physics, electrical engineering, chemistry, chemical engineering, materials science or related field. Prefer 4-6 years of experience in the semiconductor industry and knowledge of finfet technology. Excel, JMP, Spotfire, Power point and strong data analysis and organization skills required. Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html