When deploying applications in production, developers are forced to pick between two extremes: expensive yet simplistic platforms like Heroku, or complicated, do-it-all-yourself services like AWS. By contrast, Render makes it easy to get up and running quickly but also allows applications to scale and increase in complexity over time, preventing a transition to DIY infrastructure. Our goal is to completely free up developers and teams from managing infrastructure. This will ultimately improve all software and enable entirely new kinds of applications. We're building products that abstract over complexity and minimize cognitive overhead for our users. This requires careful thought, high creativity and a deep understanding of application requirements in production. Our stack is React, GraphQL, Go, Kubernetes, Terraform and PostgreSQL, but we don't require prior experience with any of them. We're looking for people with high integrity, low ego, and an insatiable drive to learn. We're serving live applications in production and building out our founding engineering and design teams in SF. The company is backed by top venture funds and former CTOs of VMware and Dropbox. As a full-stack engineer at Render, you will take complete, end-to-end ownership of projects across the entire stack. You should already have experience building products across the stack and have a keen understanding of web frameworks, APIs, databases and multiple backend languages. Why join us? We're solving a problem faced by every developer and development team. It's a massive and rapidly growing market (AWS is privately valued at over $200B, and there are over 20 million professional developers globally). Our users already prefer us over Heroku and AWS, and we have hundreds of signups on our early-access waitlist. Our stock grants are 99th percentile of the market: Render's first 10 hires will own over 10% of the company. Everyone wants to move their infrastructure to Kubernetes, but it's too complex for the average development team. Render makes it possible to get the power of Kubernetes without any of its complexity. The former CTOs of VMware and Dropbox are two of our biggest investors and cheerleaders. The company is led by Anurag Goel, who was employee 8 and Head of Risk at Stripe. He helped Stripe scale from 10 to over 400 people and is applying many of the same principles that helped Stripe succeed to Render. Engineering at Render We're a small team of full-stack engineers. We have complete, end-to-end ownership for every project we take on and expect the same from you. We review all major code changes through pull requests and are always pushing ourselves to do better. We iterate quickly and deploy to production several times a day. Technical challenges The biggest issues with platforms like Heroku are lack of flexibility, and cost. We are solving the cost problem by using containers and Kubernetes and intelligently scaling compute resources up and down. This will continue to be a major area of engineering investment for us going forward. We solve lack of flexibility by using Kubernetes under the hood and abstracting all the associated complexity so our users get all the benefits (load balancing, service discovery, autoscaling, health checks, self-healing) without needing to manage Kubernetes or build everything on AWS. The challenge is in building the right user-facing abstractions that make simple application deployments effortless and complex application deployments possible. User experience is our primary focus and drives everything we do. Projects you might work on You will create fun open source projects and documentation in multiple languages and frameworks to demo Render's features. We run our Kubernetes clusters on Google Cloud Platform. You will enable Render's Kubernetes clusters to run on multiple clouds and eventually in our own data-centers. You will also allow our users to connect their Render resources with their private VPCs in AWS/GCP. You will create an effortless serverless abstraction on Render and enable per-request billing for containerized resources. Render currently supports Node, Ruby, Python and Elixir. You would add Go and Rust runtimes. You will add support for hosting and running custom Dockerfiles. You will use machine learning to optimize container scheduling and save resources while keeping user workloads responsive. Render works great with GitHub repos. You will add GitLab and Bitbucket integration. You will build the ability to create and manage Teams on Render. This will involve fine-grained access control on Render resources. Working at Render We value high integrity, low ego, an affinity for continuous learning, and the ability to figure things out quickly. We're always open to being wrong, and we love to improve our work through reasoned discussion and constant feedback. We trust and respect each other tremendously which makes doing all of this easy. Some of the benefits we offer: Three weeks paid vacation. Comprehensive health coverage and we cover 100% of your premiums. A beautiful office in South Park, a sunny green oasis in the heart of San Francisco. Flex hours: we try to get in by 10am and leave between 6pm and 7pm, but this is more of a self-imposed rule that we often break. We also allow ourselves to work from home as needed. Maternal/paternal leave. Build your own maxed-out Mac/Ubuntu laptop with any peripheral or accessory you'd like. Order anything to make your work environment more ergonomic. Order any work-related ebook or p-book on the company's Amazon account. Relocation assistance. Commuter benefits. We'd love to hear from you!