Description: Phoenix - AZ, PHX4701A, 4701 E Francisco Dr, 85044-5365 Prashant Patolia 20180117-375 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: Schwab Technology Services (STS) is responsible for Schwab's development and use of information technology, including all client and business, telecommunications, management and operations technologies. Our work supports and spans every line of business within Schwab. From our web site to wireless, call centers to branches, STS demonstrates leadership through innovative solutions and superior technology that provide our clients with world-class service. What you’ll do: In this position the IT Data Analyst / Developer will participate in the larger Infrastructure Architecture community but focus on Infrastructure Solutions that support Schwab applications. They will collaborate with application development teams to understand their offerings (especially around infrastructure data), and define integration needs and best practices. Candidates must have a broad understanding of both Infrastructure and Application development disciplines. The successful individual must be able to rapidly assimilate IT technology concepts and their application in the Charles Schwab context. This position will be deeply involved and a key focal in IT transformation initiatives, systems optimization projects and to provide direct influence on technology strategy and direction for the technology infrastructure service organization. Immediate projects for this position will be supporting and coordinating Disaster Recovery and impacts, supporting application transformation reporting initiative, and supporting Datacenter Strategy and migration initiatives. What you have: Extensive experience in data management and data quality Ability to process and execute data normalization, summarization, and manipulation through common techniques using Python, Perl or other common scripting language Experience developing ad-hoc and repeatable integrations of disparate data sources (e.g. SQL, Teradata, Splunk, flat-file) Experience obtaining and/or interpreting business requirements and translating them into actionable technical requirements Demonstrated experience working with standard data marts, data reservoirs, data containers of many types to build intelligent federated views of enterprise data With an understanding of the business objectives - ability to work ambiguity and work independently to produce the desired results without frequent oversight Strong leadership abilities to work both within the technology organization and with external business partners and consumers to achieve and measure IT business objectives Must have the ability to clearly communicate with non-technical business team members, technical team members, and management Working knowledge of industry technology standards, compliance activities and experience working with audit and regulatory bodies useful Knowledge and ability to use common enterprise data services and work with engineering teams to architect custom solutions as appropriate to meet business need Experience using advanced data analytics (Alteryx, SAS, or similar) and visualization tools (e.g. Tableau) Experience working with developting using standard multi-tier platform languages .NET, Java, DBMS, Mainframe and file based architectures Ability to leverage existing standard services and work with engineering teams to architect custom solutions as appropriate to meet business need Working knowledge of industry technology standards, compliance activities and experience working with audit and regulatory bodies useful Broad knowledge of technology infrastructure diciplines and ability to communicate with experts in these technologies What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Other Specialty Engineering-6+ yrs Position Located In: AZ - Phoenix Education: HS/GED Job Type: Full Time Category:Information Technology Activation Date: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 Expiration Date: Friday, August 31, 2018 Apply Here