Los Angeles, California Science and Analytics Netflix is revolutionizing the entertainment industry with world-class technology. We are both a content distributor and a producer for original and premium shows. We serve over 125 million subscribers with streaming service in more than 190 countries around the world. We produce hundreds of new series, movies, documentaries, stand-up specials and other categories of content each year. Because of our global footprint, we are able to elevate new types of creators, tell a diverse set of stories and inspire a world-wide audience, transcending geographical and cultural borders. We’re looking for a seasoned and experienced machine learning researcher to join our Content Machine Learning team. As a member on the team, you will be at an unprecedented intersection of art and science, inventing ML-based tools to inform an array of experts from across the technology and entertainment space. Examples of Questions you will help to answer (not an exhaustive list!): Potential audience sizes for a specific content and how that prediction should inform its valuation and other major business decisions. Opportunity detection - helping our stakeholders cultivate potential hits in advance and identify the components that might make them successful. Where the hidden demand is from untapped sections of audience. Whether our forecast for a content originated from country A transfers to another country B. In short, our shared mission is to scale decision-making and opportunity detection and discovery for creative exploration. Responsibilities: Develop machine learning models and methods that are designed for high-impact to our content partners’ decision-making. Be entrepreneurial and collaborate with business partners (for example, content planning and analysis team) to identify potential high-value applications of machine learning technology to content demand prediction, valuation and opportunity discovery. Independently deliver effective solutions to problems . Communicate results to technical and non-technical audiences. Own full-stack technology, from data to product and feedback loop. Qualifications: PhD degree in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, or related field. Strong and comprehensive background in machine learning, including various learning methods, probabilistic modeling and inference, optimization, etc. Solid experience in developing learning methodologies and building machine learning systems. Proven track records of independent and high-quality research, including publication records in top tier venues (NIPS, ICML, AISTATS, CVPR, etc). Strong coding experience. Experience with open-source ML packages (specifically sklearn, TensorFlow/Keras/PyTorch, H2O). Proven track record of leveraging large amounts of data to solve real-world problems, particularly in the fields of computer vision, NLP, and/or social media analytics. Desire and willingness to continue growing your capabilities as a research scientist. Passion for and appreciation of the creative and entertainment industry is definitely a plus.