ENGIE is a global energy company, a leading provider of electricity, natural gas, and energy services. With 154,950 employees in more than 70 countries worldwide, ENGIE achieved revenue of €69.9 billion in 2015. ENGIE is committed to being a leader in the energy transition. We are looking for talented and motivated people to create the future of energy. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity, and help us meet the energy challenges of today and tomorrow. The Role: Senior Structuring and Data Science Analyst Purpose Working in a team environment, the Sr. Analyst will participate in the pricing, structuring, and profitability analysis of the Engie Resources retail electricity portfolio. Leveraging advanced analytics and other mathematical and programmatic techniques, the Sr. Analyst will identify opportunities, propose solutions and generate actionable insights in support and sales, pricing and portfolio management activities. Location/Department Houston/Retail Status Salaried-Exempt Essential Job Functions Research complex business problems and identify opportunities to design, develop, and propose actionable solutions in support of pricing, portfolio management and margin analysis activities. Support the development and enhancement of models and system platforms to support pricing and portfolio management activities. Participate in the development and calibration of historical and forward pricing curves for power, natural gas, ancillary services, renewable energy credits and all other cost components of full requirements retail electricity products. Analyze the price, usage and demand charge risk associated with serving customers on various retail electricity products. Assign and price product structures as appropriate and in accordance with the Engie Resources product catalog and risk guidelines. Book executed retail transactions into the risk system. Research and produce ad-hoc analysis on market fundamentals, risk exposure, customer load characteristics, various cost components and regulatory issues to enhance competitiveness, optimize risk exposure and improve the profitability of the retail portfolio. Perform portfolio management activities including: validate and submit day-ahead energy schedules, produce and reconcile daily position and mark to market reports, buy/sell power in support of retail sales, and aggregate revenue and cost data to measure portfolio margin. Leverage analytical techniques on large data sets to produce actionable analysis on customer buying behavior, competitive trends and profitability of various customer segments. Coordinate with various functional groups to review and validate customer revenue and ISO settlement data to gain insights into portfolio profitability. Provide insight into the drivers of portfolio value from budget development through final settlement. Support new product development activities through coordination with various internal functional groups. Operate as a team member with all employees of ENGIE North America staff. Comply with all ENGIE North America policies and procedures. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Requirements Problem solving, strong analytical and statistical skills and ability to convey complex technical analysis to a broader audience including senior leadership. Understanding of energy market fundamentals, including customer usage properties and pricing methodologies. Strong knowledge and proficiency of MS Excel. Proficient in R, Python, or Stata Experience in extraction, transformation and management of large quantities of data using such tools as VBA, SQL, Microsoft BI and PowerPivot. Strong analytical, planning and organizational skills. High level of attention to detail Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to think logically and with clear reasoning Ability to work under tight deadlines and manage stressful situations Essential Physical Abilities Ability to meet highest attendance requirements. Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbally. Ability to handle multiple assignments on a timely basis with a high degree of accuracy and autonomy. Ability to use personal computer, calculator, etc. Could involve some lifting. Education/Experience Bachelor’s degree is required – Majors in Business, Economics, Engineering, Accounting, Mathematics or Computer Science are preferred 5-7 years of experience. Can be a combination of educational and work experience. MBA degree is a plus Retail Power industry experience highly preferred. Knowledge of ISO website portals and communication protocols is preferred Knowledge of wholesale power and/or natural gas product structures. Knowledge of power generation fundamentals a plus. Knowledge of energy derivative and option products a plus. Working Environment Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is not exposed to weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. _For this role you must have authorization to work in the United States. Qualified applicants are considered for employment, and employees are treated during employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status._ _This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. Agency involvement is not required. All related inquires must be done to the Talent Acquisition team, not direct to ENGIE North America Managers._ _Job_ _:_ _Trading / Portfolio management_ _Primary Location_ _:_ _North America-United States-Texas-Houston_ _Organization_ _:_ _Corporate Functions_ _Schedule_ _:_ _Full-time_ _Nature of Responsibility_ _:_ _Senior operational / administrative role_ _Job Posting_ _:_ _Apr 27, 2018, 10:53:29 PM_