Description The Assistant Regional Office Information Technology (IT) Specialist will assist our growing regional, branch and area project offices to deliver multiple audio services and general Information Technology offerings to our clients across the United States, with a strong emphasis on teamwork, customer commitment, sense of urgency, and continuous improvement. This position will assist with technical advice and support our employee-owners in quality IT and audio services. Assist with installation, repair and upgrade of computer hardware. Assist with troubleshooting hardware and software issues. Assist with training on hardware and software packages. Assist with preventative IT and Network maintenance tasks. Assist Corporate IT Infrastructure team with installation, maintenance and repair of network and phone resources. Resolve any issues in Audio Visual (AV) enabled spaces to complete resolution, including coordination with AV integration partners on hardware warranty, control system programming, or cabling issues. Assist in coordination of AV integration partners for design and implementation of corporate AV standards in any corporate office relocation, remodel, or expansion. Assist with acceptance testing for any AV integrated control system for all new installations, moves, or changes. Collaborate with management, key stakeholders, and AV integration partners to assist in the development of AV standard configurations that meet the needs of Burns & McDonnell. Assist in installation of basic and standard AV when schedule or cost prohibits use of AV integration partner. Assist with business relations activities with regional office staff and management for feedback or user integration. Assist with IT processes for daily activities as defined by Corporate IT including asset management activities and IT inventory management. Assist in asset management tasks by completing appropriate documentation, maintaining inventories of active equipment, and providing for disposition of returned technology assets. Assist with support for customers in all Burns & McDonnell locations via phone, video, e-mail, and in-person to resolve issues. Assist with incidents assigned from other IT groups or non IT sources. Assist with AV support during presentations and company-sponsored events Assist in setup and execution of video conferences. Assist with training and education to Burns & McDonnell employees on usage of AV systems. All other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related degree. Applicable years of experience may be substituted for degree requirement. Microsoft A certification a plus. This position requires a self starter with proactive initiative, excellent follow through on tasks, strong verbal and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and an ability to clearly communicate to all levels of employees, management and clients. Technical expertise in desktops, workstations, laptops and other IT peripheral devices required. Must be knowledgeable in LAN/WAN environments and possess expert problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. Excellent audio visual skills, including issues troubleshooting. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Proficient computer skills including Microsoft Office suite. EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans Job Support Primary Location US-TX-Houston Schedule: Full-time Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time About Burns & McDonnell Burns & McDonnell is making the world a more amazing place with more than 5,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, scientists and consultants on staff and growing. We strive to create amazing success for our clients and amazing careers for our employee-owners. We take on some of the world’s toughest challenges with the industry’s best thinking. We have offices and projects spanning the US and the globe. We are proud to rank among FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our culture of 100% employee ownership plays a major role in supporting that outcome. Each employee shares in the ownership of the firm, bringing the commitment of an owner to our projects. Clients appreciate that and have rewarded us with a 90% repeat business rate and decades-long partnerships. Pretty cool for a 100 year old firm that grows organically. At Burns & McDonnell, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference every day while fulfilling your personal and professional ambitions. Our entrepreneurial culture lets you guide your destiny and shape the path your career travels. And with more than 350 service specialties, your career and development options are abundant. Burns & McDonnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans Req ID: 180894 LIJS