Porch is seeking a Full Stack Software Engineer to be part of our Engineering team. Be part of a rapidly growing, fast-paced company looking to revolutionize an industry with a strong focus on beautiful design and great user experience. We are looking for candidates that thrive in a highly collaborative, rapidly changing environment. We release code every day, making for quick iterations. To succeed in this role, you should be a self-starter who is constantly challenging yourself to write better code, learn new technologies, and help your colleagues grow. Responsibilities Collaborate with product management, web engineers, and data engineers to deliver features to production Develop services using Java and Scala Develop rich consumer experiences using Node and React Balance long term code health and maintainability with business needs Provide input on shaping development best practices Own features from initial discussions through release Mentor junior developers Requirements BS in Computer Science or similar field or relevant experience Five years of professional experience working on building large scale frontend end and backend applications. Experience working with SQL and relational databases Experience with service oriented architecture and REST based web service development Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks, tools, and libraries like React, Node, Express, Promises, ES6, and Webpack. Ability to identify and apply the appropriate design and integration patterns to solve complex business issues Experience working with cloud-based systems (GCP, AWS) and virtualization (Docker, Kubernetes) a plus Ability to organize and self-direct to get things done Effective verbal and written communication skills About Porch Porch sprang to life to tackle an age old, recurring problem; with a vision to connect homeowners with the highest quality home improvement professionals, and realize the potential of every home. Porch delivers high quality project requests to professionals which make up the $400 billion home improvement market. Porch’s mission is to ensure every home project gets done right, and every customer has a great experience. We aim to build a lasting brand that delivers quality, data-driven, delightful results. Porch was founded by a successful duo of entrepreneurs and is fueled by our experienced leaders and their team of techies who build beautiful products, have relentless customer focus, and put team before self. Based in Seattle, Porch is backed by Valor Equity Partners, Lowe’s Home Improvement, and celebrity handyman, Ty Pennington.