Are you a sales professional that has an entrepreneurial spirit, relevant marketplace experience, and demonstrated sales expertise and success? If so, Deloitte Services LLP is looking for a top-performing technology Sales Executive to focus on selling Cloud solutions. The Team The Sales Center of Excellence (COE) supports Deloitte’s businesses in uncovering, nurturing, and closing sales opportunities. Working hand-in-hand with Partners, Principals and Managing Directors, these sales executives focus their highly skilled efforts in securing relationships with qualified targets and decision makers to uncover opportunities, develop effective sales strategies, manage the pursuit process and act as a key advisor to the pursuit team throughout the sales process. What You'll Do: The Sales Executive (SE) is responsible for developing qualified pipeline, and closing deals involving Deloitte’s Cloud Services and Products. Key responsibilities of the job: Drive demand for Deloitte Cloud consulting and related services across functions by engaging client executives, account team leaders and service line practitioners Devise and execute sales strategies and tactics across the full Cloud Service array that result in exceeding sales goals Prospect, target, and build pipeline with prospective clients that fit the assigned market profile for Cloud Services Develop credibility and relationships with account teams and clients through fluency in cloud technology as it relates to a range of business issues Advise and educate account team leaders on pursuit strategies, win themes, solution architecture, commercial models and cloud technology ecosystem partners Support the Deal Desk operation by being the cloud sales expert on large pursuits Engage with industry and sector leaders to develop cloud market strategies and solutions that will position Deloitte as 1 in the category Develop and execute joint sales strategies with primary ecosystem partners Amazon Web Services at the account level in coordination with account leaders and alliance team members Identify and refer technology resell opportunities Connect Cloud SMEs to pursuits and engage them in architecting cloud solutions Work with the Pursuit and Sales Effectiveness teams to create and execute cloud sales campaigns Assist in facilitating cloud experience labs Manage the sales process from initial identification through closure and “own” the sale Required Qualifications: 2+ year successful track record selling cloud services Fluency and technical acumen related to at least one of the dominant cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure) Working knowledge of the cloud technology landscape and marketplace Competent at engaging and developing business with alliance / ecosystems partners in the cloud space Experience selling high end, project-based, professional consulting services, characterized by long sales cycles and both large and small dollar transactions Possess a minimum of 10 years’ experience managing large client relationships Track record of business relationships with senior client executives Ability to work as a team player and solution catalyst Highly motivated self-starter Demonstrated leadership expertise Proven expertise in leading complex a sales process Ability to craft sophisticated solutions with creative value propositions and economic models Strong communication and presentation skills Exceptional executive presence and business acumen Team facilitation skills An ability for gaining access and influencing decision-makers at the highest levels in client organizations Experience developing and executing strategic and tactical plans to realize sales objectives Ability to travel up to 70% Undergraduate degree Preferred: Project management experience Cloud architecture or engineering experience How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Services LP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.