If you’re a smartphone user then you are part of an ever more connected and digital world. At Amdocs, we are leading the digital revolution into the future. From virtualized telecommunications networks, Big Data and Internet of Things to mobile financial services, billing and operational support systems, we are continually evolving our business to help you become more connected. We make sure that when you watch a video on YouTube, message friends on SnapChat or send your images on Instagram, you get a great service anytime, anywhere, and on any device. We are at the heart of the telecommunications industry working with giants such as AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra and Telefonica, helping them create an amazing new world for you where technology is being used in amazing new ways every single day. In one sentence Understand and relay business needs to the development teams. Assesses the impact of those needs, capture, analyze and document requirements, and provide a functional specification leveraging product capabilities and best practices, in order to produce an optimal solution. What will your job look like? You will have the opportunity to participate in business requirement solicitation, capturing business, functional and technical requirements. You will be a key focal point for customers in your domain, providing insights into product capabilities and best practices. You will design holistic and integrated high-level solutions that fit customers' business needs, production operability and budget. You will participate in and lead formal and informal design reviews with stakeholders, leveraging your knowledge and experience and providing technical perspective and support. You will be responsible for communicating the solution with customers' business and IT personnel. Will be expected to explain the details of proposed and existing solutions and their impact on business processes. You will ensure that the business and project teams understand your domain solution and receive responses to all open questions and action items. You will support your projects through their entire life cycle, incl. scoping, design, development, testing deployment and post production You will prepare solution-related documents and specifications and will aquire design approvals. You will facilitate and support design, development, testing and delivery planning in your domain All you need is... Degree in Computer Science or Industrial Engineering & Management - Information System- or equivalent industry experience Customer-facing experience – ability to present the Functional and technical solution using various methods (presentations, demos, and so on) in front of large onsite and remote audiences Wide knowledge of Amdocs Billing products and business processes Deep knowledge of the telecom industry and E2E business processes Experience working with agile teams, and mixed methodology project environment Why you will love this job? You will be able to use your superior business analyst skills to make a significant impact on high-level solutions that best produces the optimal product solution. You will be a key member of a global, dynamic and highly collaborative team with various possibilities for personal and professional development You will have the opportunity to work in multinational environment for the global market leader in its field