Social Media Content Analyst Qualification: Graduate (exclusion: BE/BTech/MCA) or High School graduate or above as may be applicable in the Geo Responsibility: Stakeholder/Business Management: They serve all client business divisions with the client side interactive components using JavaScript / JQuery, Ad development through various mobile Ad producer tools, creating expanded ads with page redirects with customize animation and image galleries etc. Design/Develop Creative artifacts for Ads as per client supplied brief and within brand and design guidelines. Web: Develop internet / intranet web pages in the prescribed format adhering to client requirements within agreed TAT. Customer Relationship Management: Provide information, educate customer to update trackers, update required applications & tools and keep SME and TL informed of new issues. For Voice processes Only: : Effectively communicate information on products/services and/or trouble shoot issues within the specified time frames agreed upon with the client, in a manner that is understandable by the end user/ customer & educate customer. Connect with the customer & provide highest level of customer satisfaction. Update trackers, Create, categorize and prioritize tickets and update required applications & tools and keep SME and TL informed of new issues. Probe effectively & efficiently to understand customers issue and report incident and resolve all issues received on phone. Process Executives are expected to call back on time. Process Improvements and Adherence: Meet process SLAs / metrics productivity and quality targets within the established timelines. Ensure process guidelines are followed and met as documented. Stay updated with the process knowledge / changes refer to knowledge updates/ repositories to effectively process transactions. Adhere to security practices set by organization. Project Control, Management and Review / Program delivery: Receive tickets/work on issues related to respective process. Raise/update CRM tool under required categories for issues identified or escalate to the SME / TL. For Voice Processes Only: : Receive Inbound calls / make outbound call to support customers on issues related to account management, CRM issues, customization, analytics, creating Dashboards, creating reports, features etc. Make outbound calls to follow up / confirm resolution. People / Team: Contribute to and participate proactively in knowledge sharing sessions. Participate and contribute to organizational activities. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 GE-SRTP PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Services and Support NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 09 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.