Medidata’s solutions have powered over 12,000 clinical trials to date giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner. We know that diverse teams win and therefore we are committed to selecting leaders and employees that represent the markets in which we operate. We are still led by our Co-founders, Tarek Sherif and Glen de Vries, and have global operations in US, Europe and Asia with 1600 employees. The Enterprise Architect for Infrastructure and Service Delivery is to ensure that the infrastructure and processes running the Medidata platform are a force multiplier, enabling Medidata to deliver value to customers and patients faster, safer, and cheaper. Your Responsibilities: Define, communicate, influence and maintain the long-term strategic infrastructure architecture Work closely with product, architecture, and engineering teams to design & build infrastructure that is scalable, reliable and highly available Assess the risks and costs of architecture designs and make the necessary adjustments to meet Medidata’s corporate objectives Define and develop architectural standards, procedures, guidelines & policies that meet Medidata’s strategic requirements Drive and consult on the adoption of new technology Mentor and help develop architecture and engineering talent. Your Qualifications: At least 7 years related work experience in building, deploying & operating large scale cloud platforms 5+ years building the infrastructure for data intensive solutions Experience designing and managing complex infrastructure and cloud solutions Strong verbal and written communication skills Solid understanding and application of mathematical concepts applicable to the design and operations of scalable distributed systems Experience with ETL architectures, data movement technologies, and data integration solutions Ability to quickly learn and comprehend existing complex system infrastructures Knowledge of RDBMS is required Knowledge of Big Data, Streaming, Hadoop, and other noSQL data systems. Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or data design for cloud computing/multi-tenant/distributed systems Expertise with containerization (Docker) along with serverless technology Experience building and maintaining a continuous delivery framework for a microservices architecture Our Industry: Where we play Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life- saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. We invented the Medidata Clinical Cloud® which is the primary technology solution powering clinical trials for over 90% of the world's top global pharmaceutical and medical-device companies - from study design and planning through execution, management and reporting. We are publicly traded (MDSO), have 850 customers with retention rates at 100% and a revenue run-rate of over $500M in 2017. Our customers include global pharmaceutical companies, biotech, diagnostic and device firms, leading academic medical centers, technical partners and contract research organizations. Our Culture: Who we are We know that creativity doesn't happen on-demand. Developing cutting-edge cloud technology takes great minds and talented people working together in a collaborative environment. That is why we are committed to fostering an innovative, agile company culture. We encourage our teams to come together and experiment with new concepts, research new approaches and test out new technologies. We believe that being part of our team will make a difference in the world. Our Mission: Powering smarter treatments and healthier people. Our Vision: To be the most innovative cloud company in Life Sciences. Our Principles: Integrity, Partnership, Inventiveness, Humility, Nimbleness, Tenacity, Inclusiveness, and Caring. Our Leadership Drivers: THINK: Inspires purpose, articulates strategy, and simplifies complexity TEAM: Communicates effectively, builds relationships and collaborates with others DO: Plans ahead, scales for growth, ensures accountability LEARN: Self-aware, values difference, strives to learn TEACH: Inspires work, coaches others, builds teams EEO Statement Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. LI-AS1