Do you have a knack for business analytics and report development? Are you interested in driving data-based decisions? Come join the HR Legal Business Insights team and contribute your passion for data analytics, modeling and reporting in support of Microsoft’s HR Legal group. The role will be responsible for partnering with various HR Legal teams to gather reporting requirements, create supporting documentation to manage requests, and ensure the accuracy and timeliness of reports. Understanding, streamlining and scaling reporting efforts across the various HRLegal teams as the demand for data grows will be critical to this role. Success in role will be contingent on one’s ability to coordinate his/her efforts with and across the different disciplines in our practice group as well as our IT business partners to deliver sets of consistently excellent work. Responsibilities Key accountabilities: Create and manage an efficient and practical reporting plan for HRLegal to include the group’s day to day needs and longer-term strategic decisions and objectives Define, develop, and evangelize self-serve, ad-hoc reports and dashboards that meet the needs of disparate audiences across the team Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple internal sources and tools, reconcile conflicts and improve the integrity, quality and consistency of data across various sources Distinguish user requests from true underlying needs by understanding the teams you partner with Work with stakeholders to define deliverables, timelines, and accountabilities. Build effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders to influence decision making processes Qualifications Key qualifications: A bachelor’s degree or commensurate work experience in computer science, information science or related discipline 5+ yrs. work experience applying analytical methods to business problems, driving improved decision-making and outcomes Exceptional customer focus and project management skills with an emphasis on driving toward clarity and thinking holistically Willingness to adapt quickly to shifting business priorities and deadlines and work in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries with audiences of all levels Attention to detail, including meticulous analysis and problem-solving skills with a high commitment to accuracy and auditing Proven experience with data visualization and gaining insight from data Advanced knowledge of Excel, Power BI, and other Microsoft BI tools Experience using Azure environments and tools, such as SQL Azure and Azure Mobile Services a big plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.