Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Production Engineers at Facebook are hybrid software/systems engineers who ensure that Facebook's services run smoothly and have the capacity for future growth. Production engineers are embedded in every one of Facebook's product and infrastructure teams, and are core participants in every significant engineering effort underway in the company. Our team is comprised of varying levels of experience and backgrounds, from university grads to industry veterans. Relevant industry experience is important, but ultimately less so than your demonstrated abilities and attitude. We sail into uncharted waters every day at Facebook in Production Engineering and we are always learning. You will need to have the ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in the US before employment in 2019. This is a full-time position located in our Menlo Park, CA or Seattle, WA offices. RESPONSIBILITIES Own back-end services like our Hadoop data warehouses, front-end services like Chat and Newsfeed, infrastructure components like our Memcache infrastructure, and everything in between Write and review code, develop documentation and capacity plans, and debug the hardest problems, live, on some of the largest and most complex systems in the world Configuration and maintenance of common applications such as Apache, Memcached, Squid, MySQL, NFS, DHCP, NTP, SSH, DNS, and SNMP Share an on-call rotation with your Software Engineering team Partnered alongside the best engineers in the industry on the coolest stuff around, the code and systems you work on will be in production and used by millions of users all around the world MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Experience in UNIX and TCP/IP network fundamentals Experience coding in at least one language (even if it is not one that Facebook uses) Knowledge of internet service architectures (such as load balancing, LAMP, CDN's), even if you haven't worked on one Experience learning new development languages (Python, PHP, C++, and Java) Experience picking up new software, frameworks and APIs Experience performing 'guerrilla capacity planning' for internet service architectures Experience communicating cross-functionally PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Detail oriented Pursuing a BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline