The mission of the New York City Police Department is to enhance the quality of life in New York City by working in partnership with the community to enforce the law, preserve peace, protect the people, reduce fear, and maintain order. The NYPD strives to foster a safe and fair city by incorporating Neighborhood Policing into all facets of Department operations, and solve the problems that create crime and disorder through an interdependent relationship between the people and its police, and by pioneering strategic innovation.The Support Services Bureau, Printing Section seeks a candidate to fill the role of Printing Press Operator. The selected candidate will be responsible for the following: - Performance of full operation of various sheetfed, web and digital printing presses. This includes the printing of paper sheet sizes of 38" and above.- Printing various materials such as flyers, folders, books, booklets, multipage forms, posters, envelopes, pamphlets, security enhanced documents, and numerous department approved print matter and other print related functions. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. Five years of full-time satisfactory experience as an offset printing operator; or2.A minimum of three years of full-time satisfactory offset printing press experience as described in "1" above and any combination of the following education and experience to make up the equivalent of five years of acceptable experience: a. full-time satisfactory experience as an offset printing operator?s apprentice or helper; orb. education in a technical high school, trade high school, or vocational high school with a major course of study in operating an offset printing press: or c. graduation from a recognized trade school with a major course of study in operating an offset printing press, with a minimum of 600 hours. Preferred Skills 5 years of printing press work experience.- Experience with 40 inch large press- Experience with sheetfed- Experience in 4 color printing- Digital printing knowledge To Apply Please click "Apply Now" Work Location 1 Police Plaza, N.Y. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.