Position Overview The OVR Trainer identifies the training needs of the Office of Vital Registration (OVR) and designs, develops, and facilitates training materials, workshops, and classes for Vital Registration employees, colleagues, partners and stakeholders in order to ensure compliance with Arizona Revised Statutes, Arizona Administrative Codes and the National Center for Health Statistics Standards (NCHS). Position Qualifications _Minimum education and/or experience:_ Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Education, Training, Business Administration, Public Administration, Health Science, Mortuary Science, Emergency Management or a related field and one (1) year of experience developing and delivering training and/or organizational training programs. An equivalent combination of post-secondary education and/or job-related experience may substitute for the minimum qualifications on a year for year basis. _Specialized training, certifications, and/or other special requirements:_ Must currently possess or have the ability to obtain a valid Arizona driver's license by the time of hire. _Knowledge, skills, and abilities:_ Knowledge of: Computer software to include Microsoft Office. Group dynamics, human behavior, and adult learning styles. Skilled in: Verbally communicating with others to convey information effectively. Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Developing curricula, writing lesson plans, and operating as a team player. Ability to: Analyze, organize, and prioritize work while meeting multiple deadlines. Conduct research and analyze information. Interact with small and large groups in a diverse environment. _Preferred education and/or experience:_ Master's degree in Human Resources, Education, Training, Business Administration, Public Administration, or related field. Advanced experience developing and delivering training and/or organizational training programs. Experience in instructional design. Experience training/facilitating to adult learners in a corporate environment. Experience designing and delivering organizational development programs. _Working conditions:_ Travel will be required for attending conferences, trainings and possible varying work locations as assigned by the Vital Registration Program Manager and/or Department Director, subject to County policies regarding use of County vehicles and/or private vehicles used on County business. Must be able to participate in emergency response training as scheduled and be available to respond as directed in the event of a public health emergency. NOTE: All employees, within one month of hire, will be required to provide evidence of immunity or receive immunizations for vaccine-preventable illnesses for any position within the Maricopa County Department of Public Health. Required immunizations include MMR (measles, mumps, rubella), Tdap (whooping cough and diphtheria), Varicella (chicken pox) and annual Influenza and some positions require a Hepatitis B vaccine and/or a Tuberculosis test. Essential Job Tasks Develops training profiles for each position within the Office of Vital Registration as well as for colleagues, partners, and stakeholders. Assigns training profiles for each Vital Registration employee, monitors the training schedules, and maintains training records. Initiates and evaluates new hire training for each Office of Vital Registration position and assures core development is complete prior to the employee's release within the assigned area. Conducts a training needs assessment within the Office of Vital Registration resulting from the implementation of the latest NCHS Standards to the Arizona Vital Records System and the impacts to the Vital Registration workflows and processes. Identifies partners' needs and aligns training facilitation to meet those needs. Collaborates with other program management team members and staff to develop training and guidance that program employees and partners will utilize to enhance and improve their understanding of the Arizona Vital Records System, Infrastructure and Regulations. Engages and supports colleagues, partners and various Arizona Boards by creating specific trainings in response to or in unison with compliance corrective action plans. Travels within and outside of Maricopa County to conduct educational and compliance- related training, facilitate meetings and participate in conferences. Designs and develops curricula, prepares training materials, and sets and coordinates training schedules. Researches new curricula and incorporates into service delivery. Facilitates training classes and workshops on a wide variety of topics requested and required by the Arizona Department of Health Services or Maricopa County. Evaluates workshops and training sessions and provides management with follow-up reports. Identifies and collaborates with staff, colleagues and partners in identifying targeted program participants who may benefit from additional outreach efforts. Promotes and publicizes training classes and workshops amongst all appropriate stakeholders. Maintains training room equipment. Identifies and implements innovative training methodologies, software, and curricula. Engages in training processes to enhance the learner's experience in each session, moving through various learning models and modalities to best maintain attention and engagement of the target audience. Maintains contact with program participants. Provides education resources to the program participants. Ensures program, division, and department training goals and objectives are achieved. Monitors the progress of program activities and results. Provides updates and reports to management. Selection Procedure The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.