About Zenuity- Making it Real We are breaking new ground with world-class driver-assistance and autonomous- driving technologies. To meet the automotive industry’s requirements, we are developing a software in a fashion and context that hasn’t been done before. With robustness, speed to market and a flexible approach we are changing the way the world looks at mobility, infrastructure and everyday life for people worldwide. We work on interesting technical challenges using cutting edge technologies in a high performance, agile organization with an innovative environment & high level of autonomy, putting you in the driver’s seat. We have a team-based structure with professional management & continuous development, where you will be exposed to many areas within Autonomous Driving, maximizing development opportunities. WHY JOIN? We work on interesting technical challenges using cutting edge technologies in a high performance, fully agile organization with an innovative environment & high level of autonomy, putting you in the driver’s seat. We have a team-based structure with professional management & continuous development, where you will be exposed to many areas within Autonomous Driving, maximizing development opportunities. WHAT YOU WILL DO Our Vision Team is looking for a Deep Learning Engineer. This role is responsible for evaluating state of the art Deep Learning research, developments and various Deep Neural Network architectures while measuring performance using pre-recorded Zenuity video data. You will use agile processes, C++ and Python language to develop inference engines for Object Detection and Classification. In this role, you will work in modern simulation environments and have direct access to test vehicles to rapidly experience your results first-hand. At Zenuity we work on self-guided cross-functional teams and interface globally where you will help make decisions. MUST-HAVE SKILLS A Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Science with 5+ years of relevant experiance is required, but a Master’s or PhD is perferred. You must have a strong background and prior experience developing Deep Neural Network models, using Caffe, TensorFlow, Theano, Darknet, etc. The role requires you to have excellent C++/Python programming experience and be comfortable working in a Linux environment. EXTRA SKILLS Beneficial skills and experience include; Image Processing experience in the automotive industry (ADAS, AD), NVIDIA/CUDA experience, experience in requirements/user story development, unit testing, and software integration. Additionally, experience with robotics, ROS, and/or UAVs is beneficial. BENEFITS Full medical/dental/vision 401(k) and Gain Sharing with company matching funds Vacation, Personal, Generous Holidays, College Savings, Car Allowance Program PERKS: New Car Allowance Flexible working hours & work-life balance Dynamic work environment & attractive and flexible work spaces With the skillset and mindset described you have the chance to make self driving cars a reality as an engineer at our site in Detroit. We are really excited to welcome candidates with these skills so don't hesitate to take the chance of a lifetime! _Interviews are held on a continuous basis, so we highly recommend that you submit your application at your earliest convenience._