Company: FedEx Trade Networks Job Title: AT254: Release & Classification Analyst - Afternoon Shift Job Requisition Number: RC68631 Time Type: Full Time Job Type: Regular Primary Job Posting Location: 11101 Metro Airport Center Dr Romulus, Michigan 48174 United States Posting Date: 2018-08-09 Job Posting End Date: 2018-08-16 To arrange for the release of imported or exported merchandise from customs custody and complete the preparation of the cf7501 entry summary utilizing online applications including customer product databases and customer profile databases as well as manual preparation ensuring compliance with customs regulations and admissibility. Audits computer selected entries prior to submission to customs. Maintains uniform business practices and procedures to ensure compliance with customs and oga laws and regulations in accordance with FTN customer expectations. Analyzes import and export documentation to determine admissibility and FTN bond liability. Arrange for the type of release required (including transportation bonds) by customs and submits appropriate documents as required by customs. In addition, submits required information to all other government agencies. Analyzes documentation provided to determine the harmonized tariff number and whether the shipment qualifies for special tariff treatment, NAFTA, reduced duty rates and ensures all government agency regulations are followed. Also ensures that the required information is submitted or transmitted electronically. Contacts carriers, customers customs and other parties to facilitate the release of imported merchandise. In addition, handles inquiries from these parties regarding the clearance status of the imported merchandise. Completes the release and classification of imported merchandise by determining the proper tariff classification and associate duty rate, and calculating the entered value using t/b and FedEx systems. Determines the proper entered value, in addition to, the responsible customer for our services and fees to be billed. Communicates with customers, CBP and other government agencies in order to obtain information necessary for release. Contacts customers to resolve questions regarding proper tariff classification, other government agency requirements, NAFTA and other special programs applicability, or entered value calculation. Reviews entries identified by a computer audit application or customs for accuracy and customs compliance. This includes correcting errors when appropriate or referring files to release and classification team members for correction. Identifies and refers files to regulatory services on issues of compliance, merchandise admissibility. Compiles a daily and weekly report of activities and statistical information required for a company wide quality measurement report. The release function of this position requires working tHRee shifts, overtime, weekends, and holidays. It may also involve the assignment of activities at more than one office location and working unsupervised. Where applicable, perform reconciliation activities including monitoring reports & customer submissions to ensure accurate & timely filing, operating computer applications to create reconciliation entry header, association file & spreadsheet data, preparing package for timely submission to customs, initiating billing of service fees & payment to customs, and maintaining records for regulatory requirements. High school diploma/GED. Two (2) years of business experience or two (2) years of college credits preferred. A working knowledge of customs regulations regarding merchandise admissibility, marking requirements, and other government agency requirements preferred. Ability to analyze information and make sound decisions. Ability to communicate effectively with customers. Good mathematical skills. Must be able to use an alpha and numeric keyboard proficiently. One (1) year experience in classification or related activities desired, with a high level of performance. FedEx Trade Networks provides freight forwarding, as well as import and export services that allow companies to reach markets throughout the world. They help customers of all sizes solve the intricacies of shipping goods globally by providing comprehensive international ocean and air freight forwarding, surface transportation and distribution, customs brokerage, trade and customs advisory services, and advanced e-commerce and trade facilitation solutions. We're glad you stopped by and hope your job search experience with FedEx Trade Networks, Inc. will be rewarding. We look forward to hearing from you! FedEx Trade Networks, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disability status. FedEx Trade Networks, Inc. participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services' E-Verify program (For U.S. applicants and employees only). Please ready the E-Verify Notice available in English (https://e-verify.uscis.gov/emp/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster.pdf) and Spanish (https://e-verify.uscis.gov/emp/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster_ES.pdf) before proceeding with your job application. Click here to read the Right to Work Notice available in English (http://ftn.fedex.com/careers/OSC_Right_to_Work_Poster.pdf) and Spanish (http://ftn.fedex.com/careers/OSC_Right_to_Work_Poster_ES.pdf). Additional information about the E-Verify program can also be found at www.uscis.gov. Pay Transparency Policy Statement: The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless required to do so by law or the FedEx Trade Networks Legal Department. Import Notice to All Applicants: FedEx Trade Networks Transport and Brokerage, Inc. is engaged in an industry regulated by federal law that prohibits it from employing convicted felons. Therefore, it must determine whether applicants have been convicted of felonies before a hiring decision is made. A criminal background check will be required of all selected applicants before a hiring decision is made. Equal Employment Opportunity: As a federal government contractor, we are committed to employ and promote qualified minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans (including, but not limited to, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, and other protected veterans. Our philosophy and commitment to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination is the bedrock to job opportunities for all employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status (i.e. race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth, or related condition, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected status.) Click here and here to read more about "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." FTN will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the FAIR Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance (FCIHOO) for the City of Los Angeles (LAMC 189.00) FedEx Trade Networks will not rely on the wage history of a prospective employee from any current or former employer when determining the wages for such individual at any stage in the employment process, including in the negotiation or drafting of any employment contract in accordance with Philadelphia Ordinance No. 160840.