S &A-Analytics; and Cognitive Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager Work you’ll do A Senior Manager at Deloitte is expected to contribute to the firm's growth and development in a variety of ways, including: Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk Client Management: Manage day to day interactions with executive clients and sponsors Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop "thoughtware" and "point-of-view" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices The Team Analytics & Cognitive In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting enterprise programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. The Analytics & Cognitive team works with our clients to: Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based as well as client-owned platforms Deploy automation and cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements Qualifications 10 years of relevant consulting or industry. At least 6 years of experience managing large technology engagements 6 years in providing advisory and implementation expertise to clients including use case and business case development for disruptor based analytics including o Analytics Strategy o AI solutions o Cognitive Computing o Machine Learning o Big Data Technologies o Cloud Computing solutions o Analytical Modeling & Visualization o Natural Language Processing, o Tools including - SPSS, R, Apache Spark/MLlib, Apache Mahout or other Open Source Tools; Qlik suite of products, Tableau etc. At least 2 years of experience working with SparkCognition, Expert System, Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, Numenta, Deepmind, CognitiveScale, CustomerMatrix, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/Sagemaker, and common open source scripting languages At least 6 months experience working with Amazon Lex or IPSoft Amelia 2 years of experience designing and implementing proof of concept execution to prove the value of Cognitive Computing use cases, solution outline and design of Disruptive Analytics solutions Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Empirical Statistics or 4 years equivalent professional experience Ability to travel 80-100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) Preferred: Ability to work independently and manage multiple task assignments Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment Eagerness to mentor junior staff An advanced degree in the area of specialization How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, where applicable. See notices of various ban- the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html