POSITION REQUIREMENTS Ensures the availability of client/server applications, configuring all new implementations, and developing processes and procedures for ongoing management of the server and virtual environment. Manages, maintains, and supports, the VMware vSphere infrastructure hosting the server environment. Plans and implements server upgrades, maintenance fixes, and vendor-supplied patches. Performs file system configuration and management; defines and performs server backups and recovery procedures. Monitors and tests system security logging and provides performance statistics and reports. Recommends and executes modifications to the server environment in order to improve efficiency, reliability, and performance. Identifies, troubleshoots, and resolves hardware and software problems on servers and workstations. Escalates business impacting incidents as necessary. Coordinates and collaborates with various departments using business management applications and database administration functions to ensure availability, reliability, scalability, and security of corporate data. Creates, maintains, and manages Microsoft Active Directory user accounts. Installs, modifies, and maintains system and application software on server computer systems. Establishes guidelines and methods for the installation and management of network operating systems, disk arrays, Cisco switches, Cisco routers, tape libraries and other components. Ensures high availability and acceptable levels of performance of mission critical network resources. Participates in the installation, upgrade, diagnostics and repair of structured cabling. Develops procedures, programs, and documentation for backup and restoration of server operating systems and server-based applications. Develops and maintains training materials and server documentation. Manages the data center and network host systems including hardware, software, and equipment. Assists in overseeing the security, integrity, and safety of server and network systems. Contributes to data center standards, development, and enforcement. Stays current with technological developments in systems administration applications and recommends ways for NACA to take advantage of new technologies. Perform on-call responsibilities for support of critical infrastructure as required. Positions in this classification may perform all or some of the responsibilities above, and other related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS Associate's degree in Computer Science or related discipline; or equivalent experience and/or Certifications. Relevant experience may substitute for the degree requirement on a year for year basis. Five years’ work experience in complex systems design, programming and systems software and support. Excellent verbal and written communications skills are required, including a calm courteous professional demeanor. Knowledge of: operating systems, current equipment and technologies in use, enterprise backup and recovery procedures, and system performance monitoring tools; effective project management techniques, principles, and practices. Ability to: Plan, organize and document complex system design activities and to configure systems to be consistent with institutional policies/procedures; communicate technical/complex information both verbally and in writing; establish and maintain cooperation, understanding, trust and credibility; perform multiple tasks concurrently and respond to emergency situations effectively. Supervisory and management skills are a plus. SKILL REQUIREMENTS: a) Strong network administration skills. b) Strong organizational skills. c) Energy and enthusiasm for NACA’s mission of community advocacy. d) Ability to take and adhere to direction. e) Detail oriented and well organized. f) Problem-solving abilities. g) Ability to work under pressure. h) Ability to work independently with only general supervision. i) Ability to work well as a team player. j) Ability to speak languages other than English a plus. SUMMARY SALARY RANGE $65,000 - $850,000+ FLSA Exempt LOCATION Headquarters – Boston Massachusetts CONTACT HR Department: jobs@naca.com BENEFITS Excellent single/family health, vision and dental PPO, 75% employer contribution, PTO, Life Insurance, and 401k. Job Description PDF