Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in a field related to Finance, Accounting, or Economics plus five (5) years’ experience in a related field. A Master’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Business or Public Administration or other relevant field may be substituted for 2 years’ experience. A five (5) year accounting (MAcy) degree or CPA designation may be substituted for 1 years’ experience. Licenses or Certifications: None Notes to Applicants Working with Austin Water provides a number of health and welfare benefits, such as medical, paid leave time, a great retirement plan, training opportunities and more – click HERE for more information. When completing the City of Austin employment application: Please be sure to detail on the application all previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. A detailed, complete employment application is required. It helps us to better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Be sure to provide job title and employment dates for all jobs you wish to be considered. A résumé is required, but will not substitute for a complete employment application. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Please include contact information from previous employers. A cover letter is also required. In the cover letter candidates should describe, in concise detail, their interest in this position and highlight any prior experience that is relevant to this position. If you are selected to interview: Some of the competency areas for this job will be assessed through skills testing. Specifically, your skill level in Microsoft Excel will be assessed, with a required minimum passing score of 70%. If you are selected for hire: Verification of your education (which may include high school graduation or GED, undergraduate and/or graduate degrees) is required. You must provide proof of education from an accredited organization or institution. You must also provide proof of your professional licenses or certifications. If you are in the military or are a military veteran, you will need to provide a copy of the Member 4 page of your DD-214 prior to confirming a start date. A valid Texas Class C Driver’s License is preferred. This position requires a criminal background investigation. Driving Requirement: Applicants must be at least 18 years old, and _if required for the position_ , hold a current applicable driver’s license, and have no more than six (6) points assessed on Driver Record Evaluation (DRE). Please review the City of Austin Driving Standards to assess your driving record. DRE will be verified through the Department of Public Safety. Job Offer is contingent on having a driving record that meets the City’s Driver Record Evaluation Standards. Effective October 1, 2014, all Austin Water worksite locations are tobacco- free. Use of tobacco products and/or e-cigarettes is not permitted on any AW worksite – including construction sites, parking lot, garage or in any personal vehicle located on the premises. Pay Range $32.47 – $42.10 Hours From 8:00 to 5:00 Monday-Friday, or other hours as required Job Close Date 08/26/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Water Utility Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location Waller Creek Center, 625 E. 10th St., Austin , TX Preferred Qualifications Experience in utility rate development, cost of service rate determination, rate structures and design, or related rate experience for a utility, governmental entity, or other similarly regulated entity Experience developing, analyzing, and writing financial reports Financial forecasting experience to include revenue or expenses, trend analysis, customer demand analysis, revenue and expense reporting or other forecasting and analysis experience for a utility, government agency or other similarly regulated entity Experience providing leadership and peer review of work Experience developing/implementing financial-related processes and procedures Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite 2013, specifically Microsoft Excel, Outlook and Access Valid Texas Class “C” Driver’s License Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Develops and prepares reports, analyses, and models used in revenue and economic forecasts and budgets. Develops and completes cost of service rate and structure recommendations, rate studies, and methodology analysis to comply with State regulatory requirements using multiple variables. Primarily responsible for developing the operating or CIP budget for the department. Performs budget analysis by implementing the organization’s budget process system, providing guidance and recommendations to management in the development and completion of their budgets; finalizing the organizations budget; and monitoring the budget by preparing or reviewing current year estimates and budget variance reports, reporting on budget variances; reviewing budget forecasts; and reviewing current and historical budget information and data. Prepares complex financial analysis, periodic and ad-hoc reports by researching, financial benchmark reporting, compiling, monitoring, and summarizing current and historical financial information and data, reporting on variances and trends, and compiling financial information from various financial systems. Develops and prepares reports, analyses, and models to analyze debt issuances, bond issuance timing, Official Statement updates, calculate debt service requirements, equity financing ratios, cash reserve requirements, revenue bond debt refunding, rating agency presentations and other debt related requirements. Performs debt administration, impact analysis and monitors debt service schedules. Provides financial support and monitors CIP projects. Processes and tracks task orders and other project requirements in eCAPRIS and other financial systems. Develop and maintain complex databases to conduct comprehensive financial and technical analysis, and develop models and reports in Business Intelligence system to support and monitor performance and financial benchmarks. Develop complex reports and documentation in compliance with local, State and Federal regulatory requirements. Conduct cost analysis, financial and performance benchmarking with other entities and assist in development of expert testimony. Assists departments and other customers by providing procedural and financial information and guidance with financial systems. Researches and provides information requested by City Council, City management, boards and commissions, vendors, the public, regulatory agencies and other City offices. Monitors state and federal regulatory processes and provides guidance to the department regarding the financial impact of new and/or proposed legislation, regulations and standards. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: May be responsible for the full range of supervisory activities including selection, training, evaluation, counseling, and recommendation for dismissal Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of the processes and theories used for public budgetary and financial policies. Knowledge of accounting practices and concepts. Knowledge of utility ratemaking and cost of service study methodology. Knowledge of debt instruments, cash management and utility financing methods. Knowledge of forecasting models; econometric studies, analysis and forecasting; and estimating methods and techniques. Knowledge of cost benefit analysis, feasibility studies and net present value analysis methods. Knowledge of enterprise budgeting, financial planning or accounting. Knowledge of research methods, survey techniques, statistical concepts and report writing. Ability to complete detailed financial and economic analyses. Ability to lead and/or facilitate meetings and workshops. Ability to work independently. Skill in generating and analyzing financial and statistical reports. Skill in communicating effectively, orally and in writing. Skill in using computers and related software applications. Skill in performing quantitative analysis. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.