OVERVIEW U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (" USPh "), which was founded in 1990, is a publicly held company which operates approximately 580+ outpatient physical and/or occupational therapy clinics across 42 states. The Company’s clinics provide post-operative care for a variety of orthopedic-related disorders and sports-related injuries, treatment for neurologically-related injuries, rehabilitation of injured workers and preventative care. We are currently seeking a Systems Administrator to join our Infrastructure team. This position will be responsible for networking and administration and require someone with a strong base knowledge in networking and Active Directory but also includes all infrastructure hardware and software for clients and servers. The person must be very adaptable, able to quickly learn new technologies and use experience and knowledge to provide quality solutions in a team environment. However, this position is not limited to networking functions and may assist in other areas such as server/storage/clients. The diverse individual will be analyzing, designing, testing, implementing, and troubleshooting the following: Network firewall, routers and switches (Meraki, Cisco) Routing, switching, monitoring VMWare ESXi Active Directory Group Policy Exchange Server Windows scripting and PowerShell Backup and Recovery Responsibilities and Duties Work Description Perform systems administration, maintenance and support on Infrastructure including servers, workstations, printers, network devices, and mobile devices Monitor systems and develop solutions that are proactive to resolve problems and assure stability Ability to manage a large scale Active Directory domain with a large number of organizational objects Resolve problems quickly and thoroughly Security and controls analysis identifying security vulnerabilities and mitigating risks Create standard practices and policies and enforce them for users and systems Present strong inter-personal and communication skills; customer facing, vendor liaison, able to work closely with management Identify solutions that are cost effective and meet the company’s needs Deliver projects on time with quality results paying attention to detail Create documentation for design, implementation, and operations Hands on ability to build and configure servers and network equipment Verify that all processes comply with external audit requirements Qualifications and Skills Qualifications and Education Requirements and required skills 4 year degree or equivalent. 3+ years of experience in system administration 3+ years managing a large Active Directory environment 3+ years of experience in networking Microsoft Certifications strongly preferred Experience with LAN/WAN networking/distributed computing environment (client/server) Advanced knowledge and expertise with VLANS, BGP, OSPF, and static routing. Experience with TCP/IP protocol & configuration and Internet technologies Understanding of the OSI 7 Layer Model Experience configuring and monitoring firewalls, routers, switches and other network devices Experience in installing, configuring and supporting Microsoft Windows Servers and VMWare Strong understanding of virtual networking Strong experience with Microsoft Windows Active Directory Administration Strong experience with scripting and PowerShell. Experience with Microsoft Exchange at a basic administration level. Experience with Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Knowledge or experience in the following technologies is a plus: Enterprise Antivirus solutions, MS SQL, VMWare, SAN, Meraki/Cisco routers and switches, and advanced firewall practices. Experience with cloud providers such as Microsoft Azure. Strong ability to learn and apply technical information and are motivated to grow Great customer service, organizational, interpersonal, and written / verbal communication skills Proven performance in a team environment Self-motivated and able to work without close supervision, but work in a team environment Ability to multi-task in a challenging and dynamic working environment We are really looking for an individual who is strong with Microsoft! We offer a competitive salary, as well as a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, disability, life and a 401(k) plan, in addition to other outstanding benefits such as Paid Time Off. Only local candidates need to apply. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.