Under the supervision of the ImmTrac Manager, performs specialized and moderately complex consultative services and technical work on the Interoperability Team of the Texas immunization registry. Conducts monitoring, maintenance, and management of database records to ensure immunization records integrity and data quality. Plans and performs User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for application enhancements and modifications. Develops and implements policies and procedures to assure quality of immunization records in the statewide immunization registry. Provides technical assistance and support to programs and reporting entities to facilitate electronic reporting of immunization data import standards. Provides consultative services and expert technical assistance and guidance to program staff, local health departments, other governmental agencies, community organizations, stakeholders, providers, payors, and other users of the statewide registry. Studies and analyzes data import operations. Conducts customer and user training and education activities. Implements and coordinates program initiatives and projects. Trains staff members and offers guidance to program staff. Works with general direction and guidance and with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: EJF 1: (55%) Performs database records management duties. Monitors, maintains, and manages database records to ensure immunization records data integrity and identify and resolve data import issues. Performs data quality assurance and testing activities. Performs routine and ad hoc database queries and analysis of electronic import files. Processes and monitors import of data from various sources. Conducts inspection and reviews electronic files to ensure that data submitted adheres to the standard import format, HL7 profile, and other import criteria. Prepares reports regarding operation statistics. EJF 2: (20%) Provides consultative services and technical assistance and guidance to program staff, local health departments, other governmental agencies, community organizations, stakeholders, providers, payors, and other users of the Texas immunization registry. Establishes and maintains relationships with entities exchanging data, submitting electronic files, and electronic medical records software users and vendors. Communicates verbally and in writing with customers regarding electronic data exchange. Participates in program planning, development, and implementation. Works with program staff and application development team to identify problems and implement solutions. Assists with development and implementation of registry policies and procedures relating to electronic data import. Assists with documentation and maintenance of operations procedural manuals and forms. Provides education, training, and technical assistance to assist users and assure quality of immunization records. EJF 3: (15%) Conducts resolution of duplicate and questionable match records. Performs procedures for timely resolution of duplicate records. Interacts with data reporting entities and users to investigate and resolve questionable matches. Identifies and resolves file formatting, user training, or quality assurance issues which may result in duplicate records or data errors. Responds to inquiries and requests from entities regarding resolution of data errors and overall improvement of data quality. Performs client merging duties. EJF 4: (5%) Performs user acceptance testing and verification of system enhancements and modifications. Provides written and verbal feedback and recommendations. Prepares or assists in preparation of administrative reports and special projects. EJF 5: (5%) Other duties as assigned, including but not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: \- Knowledge of public health practices, principles and techniques. - Knowledge of immunization and registry practices, principles, and benefits. - Knowledge of relational databases records management and data quality assurance techniques, tools and methodologies. - Knowledge of application development and software testing techniques, tools, and methodology. - Skill in using computers and relevant software applications (Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, SQL). - Skill in presenting information to individuals and groups with various levels of computer knowledge. - Skill in developing and/or communicating policies and procedures. - Skill in responding to inquiries from customers and/or users. - Skill in problem solving. - Ability to plan and conduct software testing. - Ability to effectively communicate over the telephone, to communicate verbally, and in writing. - Ability to perform database queries, analyze data, prepare concise and accurate reports, and resolve problems. - Ability to organize, coordinate, and perform multiple ongoing work assignments. - Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, health professionals, and the public. - Ability to provide technical assistance to customers. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: • Graduation from an accredited four year college or university with major course work in business, communications, or IT/computer sciences is preferred. At least four additional years of relevant employment exceeding the preferred minimum experience may be substituted for the education preference. • Experience in providing technical assistance and user training. •Computer experience including managing records and performing data quality duties. • Preferred experience working professionally with a broad range of stakeholders. •Preferred knowledge of immunizations. Additional Information: Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. requisition 390822 MOS Code: No military job equivalent HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.