Wing is an on-demand drone delivery service that can deliver food, medicine or other items within minutes. We’ve also developed an unmanned traffic management platform to safely route drones through the sky. Our service is faster, safer and produces far less pollution than traditional delivery. Originally created in 2012 within X, the Moonshot Factory, Wing is now an Alphabet company. Wing is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Infrastructure team based in Mountain View, CA. You are passionate for data and using data to drive business decisions. You are an engineer who can help us use the data we collect from our aircraft flight operations to fuel data driven engineering and business decision across our organization X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world- changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x]. Responsibilities Partner cross-functionally with software engineers, aerospace engineers, flight operations/business teams to design, develop and deliver data pipelines that drive scalable operational excellence Define data sources and implement a customized real time, reliable system Monitor, validate and maintain data pipelines to ensure consistent performance Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 5 years of experience in data engineering in a cloud based environment Experience with data analysis tools (such as SQL, PLX and with data processing algorithms such as Flume, MapReduce) Coding experience with one or more of the following languages: Java, C++, Python, Go and/or JavaScript Preferred qualifications: Experience developing pipelines using Google proprietary backend and frontend tools eCommerce experience At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.