Location: 2727 N Central Ave, Phoenix, Arizona 85004 United States of America . Description: U-Haul is looking for a self-motivated individual to contribute in the reengineering of legacy mainframe processes. The Business Analyst evaluates the needs of the Company’s most complex functional business areas providing recommendations on system solutions or procedures. As the liaison between the business and IT department, you ensure that the scope of work requested to enhance or modify existing system processes are clearly documented, communicated and validated. The Business Analyst works closely with IT experts to design, develop, document, test and validate solutions that meet business requirements. You must be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. Responsibilities Include: Document system components and behavior, updating legacy documentation and requirements documents as necessary Analyze and document operational requirements, procedures, inputs, outputs, system access restrictions and problems in conjunction with the Project Team and functional unit process owners. Map and analyze end to end business processes within third party and proprietary systems as well as integration with U-Haul Core Enterprise Systems (CES). Analyze Business Process gaps and identify solution alternatives for selecting the best solutions. Collaborate with business units to define Master Data requirements for data mapping and documentation provided to the Project Team and IT. Resolve questions of program intent, data input/output requirements, and inclusion of internal checks and controls Evaluate interrelationship between systems/programs to determine whether a contemplated change in one part of a system/program would cause unwanted results in a related part. Develop test plans, support documentation and training material for supported systems Conduct integration and component testing as needed Prepare a monthly status update with emphasis on priorities and measurable progress. Measurable progress is the ultimate goal with an understanding that high priority projects should reflect the most progress. Monitor all projects regarding measurable progress. If a project is not progressing, determine the reason(s) and report them in your monthly status update. This position requires the ability to plan, organize and work on multiple tasks simultaneously in a fast paced environment. U-Haul is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, provincial, state or local law. Individual accommodations are available on requests for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Information obtained during this process will only be shared on a need to know basis.