Janssen Research and Development, L.L.C., a member of Johnson and Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for a Senior Analyst, Visual Analytics and Reporting. This position can be based in Springhouse, PA or field based with remote capabilities. At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, what matters most is helping people live full and healthy lives. We focus on treating, curing and preventing some of the most devastating and complex diseases of our time. And we pursue the most promising science, wherever it might be found. Janssen Research & Development, LLC discovers and develops innovative medical solutions to address important unmet medical needs in oncology, immunology, neuroscience, infectious diseases and vaccines, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Please visit http://www.janssen.com for more information. The Senior Analyst, Visual Analytics and Reporting will stay ahead of evolving business objectives and technology advancements to anticipate improvements needed in reporting, metrics governance, and data quality across BRQC. This individual will have extensive technical experience with synthesizing, integrating, visualizing, analyzing and reporting data and has a passion for telling visual stories and influencing stakeholders with impactful analysis and data visualizations. In this role, you will be a key individual contributor to enhance the ability to provide self-service reporting capabilities and impactful metrics and analyses for our stakeholders. Principal Responsibilities: Anticipate business questions and implement self-reporting visualization and tools to ensure just-in-time information is delivered to the right audience. Responsible for all aspects of reporting and/or dashboard development life cycle, from the initial kickoff through the requirements analysis, design and implementation. Conduct demos to internal and external stakeholders. Directly participate in the delivery of data-driven projects that have a direct impact on business results and quality compliance. Independently hypothesize, design and execute projects or analyses with hands-on involvement. Partners with IT, Business Product Owners and key Stakeholders to define the business needs and corresponding backlog stories. Explains to business how requirements may be implemented from a technical/functional standpoint. Performs source data analysis and collaborates with business and peer teams to synthesize business rules required for data acquisition and creation of contextualized information for advanced analysis and reporting. Responsible and accountable for assigned projects and activities that support metrics, analytics and reporting capabilities needed to meet BRQC core business needs and Health Authority regulations in an accurate, timely and efficient manner. Serve as a technical resource and subject matter expert for visualization and computing platforms and act as a liaison between Metrics, Analytics and Reporting teams and business stakeholders. Support BRQC Janssen data improvement projects and follow a standard methodology to approach projects to fulfill business objectives. Support the alignment of Quality Analytics strategy across BRQC (cross segment), Takes business requirements and writes specifications in a consumable format and terminology for development team. Understands development estimates and articulates various levels of effort required to address the changing priorities and requirements in a fast-spaced environment. Qualifications A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree is required. Advanced degree preferred. A focused degree in engineering, computer science, information/data sciences or similar is preferred. A minimum of 4 years of professional experience in a highly regulated environment required. Experience with databases and data warehousing, ETL / information integration, advanced analytics or software development experience is preferred. Experience working in software development/IT is an asset. Familiarity with maintaining, integrating, and preparing complex and/or large datasets for analysis is required. Proficiency with SQL is required. Proficiency with Java or other common programming languages is required. Experience with Business Intelligence (BI), Visualization, and Reporting tools, such as Spotfire, Tableau, Qlik, and/or Jasper Reports is required. Significant experience working with heterogeneous data sources and querying/integrating data from relational databases like Oracle, PostgreSQL, AWS Redshift and/or Teradata is strongly preferred. Experience with Scrum and Agile Development processes is strongly preferred. Applied experience with Amazon Web Services and Cloud Stack components (e.g. Redshift, S3, EC2, RDS) is a plus. Experience with Informatica, R, and/or Python framework for data integration and analysis is a plus. Experience with JIRA, git/Bitbucket, Confluence or equivalent tools is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communications is a must. Excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills are required. Must be able to multitask in a fast-paced environment with focus on timeliness, documentation, and communications with peers and business users alike Acute attention to detail and commitment to quality. A proven ability to work with business partners to translate business needs into timely, automated and meaningful data-driven solutions. Results oriented, business focused, and successful at interfacing across multiple organizational units Ability to work seamlessly as part of a diverse team that is geographically dispersed. This position may require up to 10% domestic travel as business demands. Do you strive to join an outstanding team that is dynamic and ever-changing? Is career growth and opportunity appealing to you? Apply to this opportunity today. Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies are equal opportunity employers, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Primary Location United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House Other Locations North America-United States Organization Janssen Research & Development, LLC. (6084) Job Function Quality (Generalist) Requisition ID 7531180720