The NBA G League has grown significantly in size and process sophistication. During this growth period, G League player caliber has improved and it has become increasingly important the league is able to service the players with accurate statistics. Primary duties of this Project Employee will be coordinating the execution of operational tasks regarding G League statistics. Secondary duties will be to support G League Referee Operations/Rules databases. Major Responsibilities: Serve as G League statistical liaison, responding to inquiries and internal & external stakeholder requests. Duties includes secondary review of G League games after initial review handled by reviewers out of NJ office and notification of the parties regarding corrections. Coordinate communication to teams regarding statistical best practices. Manage database of each team's statistical performance and statistical trends. Secondary responsibilities include the timing of G League rules that are experimental or affect game flow (i.e. Coaches Challenge, Instant Replay, L2M). Maintenance of OIW website. Coordinate with NBA IT regarding website adjustments. Manage and generate periodic reports. Required Experience & Knowledge: General basketball knowledge and familiarity with basketball statistics This role will require a detail oriented person who is familiar with all major business departments in the NBA (i.e. Basketball Operations, Statistics, IT Services, Digital Media, and others) Comfort in an autonomous work environment Ability to take direction but primarily think outside of the box and deduce what additional steps need to take place in order to drive towards the end-goal Ability to communicate (both written and verbal) effectively, adhere to deadlines, and to set expectations with all stakeholders Expert proficiency with MS Word, Excel, & PowerPoint 1-3 years experience driving a multilayered process or event from start to finish. Equal employment opportunity is a fundamental principle at the NBA. Accordingly, the NBA’s EEO Policy provides that all employment decisions will be based on merit and valid job qualifications and are made regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, age, disability, alienage or citizenship status, ancestry, marital status, creed, genetic predisposition or carrier status, sexual orientation, veteran status, familial status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. Educational Background Required: Bachelor's degree required