Network Engineer SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS: Candidates mush have a Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Experience: Network Engineer with 5+ yrs experience in large scale corporate Networking environment This resource will be a Level 2/3 Networking Engineer with capabilities in Network Engineering and some Architecture Technical Skill Set: Route/Switch experience with Juniper or Cisco hardware (More emphasis on Juniper than Cisco, but either is fine as long as they are willing to learn) L2 and L3 Network Implementation Required to know OSPF for routing, must know spanning tree for switch Work Environment on Client Site: Able to follow a strict change control process – client environment is tightly controlled Working with Project Managers – key resource to design/architect and deploy complex multi-site network projects Must be able to communicate technical and project details with others concisely and effectively Personal Requirements: Must be able to pass a background check to be eligible to work at client site. Must be a US Citizen Solid understanding of network design and implementation in enterprise and ecommerce environments Comprehension of networking concepts including network design principles, data flow determination, routing, switching, VLANs, IP addressing, spanning-tree, etc. Solid understanding of network utility services including TFTP, FTP, DNS, DHCP, NTP, SMTP, SYSLOG, etc. Familiarity with network scanning/analysis procedures and toolsets for network readiness assessments Understanding of advanced networking technologies and solutions including IPV6, MPLS, BGP, HSRP, OSPF, multicast, policy-based routing, ether-channel, QoS, traffic-shaping, load balancing, VPN tunnels, WAN Optimization, etc. Understanding of advanced data center networking technologies and solutions including Nexus 7000 series data center switches, catalyst 6500 series switches, ACE and Firewall Services Modules, , ASR WAN routers, GSS, MDS Storage integration, collocation facility integration, DR integration, etc. Demonstrated performance in a large-scale enterprise technical work environment with minimum of 5 years of direct industry experience as described above Experience with enterprise class network management/monitoring systems is a plus (CiscoWorks, Opsware, SMARTs, Client Openview, CA eHealth, etc.) Experience with performance management tools and services (OpNet, Compuware, NETMRI, WAAS, WCCP, NetMRI, etc.) is a plus Experience working on an operations environment EDUCATION: A Bachelor's Degree is preferred. Candidates should have a desire to gain technical skills through advanced certifications or other similar achievements. CCNA required. Cloud experience a plus (AWS / Azure) Start date ASAP - signed project Term of engagement/how long is the need?: 6 Months The travel costs associated with the project (flights/hotels/expenses) will be covered by Insight; Resource time when not delivering is not considered billable hours (flight time to/from delivery location, drive time to/from delivery location, non-delivery hours (meals and off hours). Please contact us with questions regarding this policy. RESOURCE MUST BE LOCAL TO THE PHOENIX, AZ AREA (Deployment in the Deer Valley area) Work Days/hours/ max hours per week: Regular business hours, Mon-Fri Night work: possibly Weekend work (yes and frequency, or no): Possibly OT eligible? No