Req. ID: 119377 Micron Technology’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people, innovation, tenacity, collaboration, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and professionalism while supporting our global community. As the Senior Data Center Platform Architect at Micron Technology, Inc., you will be part of the exploration, the candidate will lead the development of architectural POCs to test and demonstrate various architecture approaches supporting the selection process. Responsibilities include, but not limited to: Proposing and exploring new architecture concepts using high performance DRAM, Storage Class Memory and NAND technologies to enable the creation of high value differentiated Micron solutions for the enterprise and the Hyperscale markets Being an expert in high volume CPU architectures, disaggregated system concepts, memory hierarchies and workload acceleration using offloading is critical Qualifications include, but not limited to: A Master’s Degree in a Computer Science and 25+ years of a track record in driving innovation in the Information Technology market sector. About Us As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world. Micron Benefits Employee Rewards Program, Healthcare, Paid time off (Combined Sick and Vacation Time), Retirement savings plans, Paid maternity/paternity leave, Employee Assistance Program, Professional development training, Workplace wellness programs, Micron Health Clinic (Boise only), Fitness Center / Activity rooms (Boise only), Tuition Reimbursement, Micron Corporate Discounts, Casual Dress attire. We recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices. Each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. The EEO Administrator in Human Resources is responsible for administration of this policy. The administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on EEO matters. To request assistance with the application process, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 (or 208-368-4748). Keywords: Seattle || Washington (US-WA) || United States (US) || CNBU (Compute & Networking Business Unit) || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || Not Applicable ||