Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Business Intelligence/ETL Engineers – Senior Level for our Phoenix, AZ facility. USAA Business Intelligence/ETL Engineers are not only experts in data analysis, but are also well versed in our business goals and member’s needs. USAA is driven by personal service, but we are fueled by data. Understanding the trends and meaning behind our data helps us improve the member experience. And to us, that’s priceless (which is saying something for a financial company). Here, you will find more than IT solutions within the data. You will discover the trust, new ideas, human interactions and better ways to impact our members. As a Business Intelligence/ETL Engineer, you will work to harden, enhance and support our data and analytics environments, cycles, data quality, dashboards and reports. You will lead team members on projects that include Return-to- Service (RTS) analysis, break-fix enhancements, ETL framework enhancements, data quality enhancements, usage reporting and general design, coding and release/build activities. Job Requirements ABOUT USAA USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply. ABOUT USAA IT Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day. We are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on Agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine. See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose: USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview This Job Posting is for multiple openings available in 2018. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Leads and influences technical direction for large scale, highly complex technical initiatives and/or projects requiring integration of cross-functional systems. Provides technical guidance in evaluating applications systems or evaluating requests for proposals. Collaborates with the business to prioritize key business/technical initiatives. Utilizes expert knowledge of the customers business to recommend solutions, and ensures business and technology objectives are met and maintained. Understands user and process requirements and ensures those requirements can be achieved through high quality deliverables. Creates system documentation/play book(s) and serves as a lead technical reviewer and contributor in requirements, design and code reviews. Typically serves as a resource to the business and/or as a technical resource to cross functional third party and internal team members on highly complex design/code reviews. May troubleshoot complex problems and recommend solutions or practices relative to root cause analyses and identification of solutions for improving system performance and availability. On behalf of the manager; manages the consistent delegation of work packages to cross functional and third-party team members for execution through the full development life cycle. Appropriately advises management of issues. Assists team leads and management with delegation of technical work packages to cross functional and third-party team members for execution through the full development life cycle. Keeps management appropriately informed of progress and issues. Performs design and analysis, coding and unit/integration testing of highly complex system functionality and/or defect correction across multiple platforms. Displays advanced knowledge and understanding of functional and technical domains of specific products and appropriately evaluates the impact of changes or additions. Develops accurate estimates on work packages. Analyzes and designs specifications for less experienced internal and third-party team members to execute. Actively mentors and contributes to the technical and soft skills development of internal and third-party teams. Actively participates in cross departmental staffing and/or technical decisions. Typically anticipates opportunities and proactively and consistently champions innovative solutions cross functionally and across the Enterprise. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree or 4 additional years of I/T experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. AND, 8+ years of software development experience in BI/ETL disciplines with at least 2 years using ETL tools such as Informatica or Datastage Experience leading software development teams (internal and/or third party) is required PREFERRED 6+ years experience with DataStage or Informatica 3+ years experience leading teams in an I/T environment 5+ years experience in a reporting/analytic role with a focus on visualization design and development 5+ years experience with SAP Business Objects including Universe Designer, Web Intelligence, Xcelsius/Dashboards and Explorer 5+ years experience with SAP Business Objects Design Studio Advanced SQL development skills Proficient in dimensional database design or data modeling DESIRED CHARACTERISTICS USAA Business Intelligence/ETL Engineers create innovative solutions that impact our members. Collectively, we are: Curious and excited by new ideas Energized by a fast-paced environment Able to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology Comfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivated Community-focused, dependable and committed Exceptionally detail-oriented BENEFITS USAA's most valuable resource is our 28,000 employees. We promote a culture of diversity and inclusion, encouraging varied perspectives and ideas. Our team enjoys world-class benefits, pay and highly competitive reward opportunities, including comprehensive healthcare, wellness and wealth building programs, employee resource groups, 401K matching dollar-for-dollar up to 8% of pay, career planning and continuing education. We promote a strong work-life balance with a variety of on-site services and conveniences depending on location, including a daycare, health center and pharmacy, multiple dining options, company stores, covered parking and free fitness centers. USAA is a casual dress environment. The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. Relocation assistance is available for this position.