VMware , the global leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure, delivers customer-proven solutions that accelerate IT by reducing complexity and enabling more flexible, agile service delivery. We are looking for an agile, self-driven, communicative candidate to take on the role of Sr. Data Engineer in VMware’s Product Analytics team. The person will assist with the development of our data pipeline and Master Product data base, integrating data from various sources and ensuring data quality. As a Sr. Data Engineer you will work closely with business owners to understand the business need and cooperate with BI reporting specialists and data scientists to answer pressing business questions or deliver data driven applications. You should be comfortable working in dynamic environment supporting multiple teams and delivering data and business reports. Responsibilities: Understand business questions and needs, and discover various data sources to fit those requirements. Build and maintain a Product Master data source Data wrangling – integrate data sources coming from different products, restructure columns, clean bad data, standardize data fields and types, ultimately increase data quality and usability. Protect data integrity and accuracy. Perform root cause analysis of issues that hinder the data quality. Work with data source owner to increase quality and accuracy of the source data. Ensure the data is available and up-to-date 24/7 by building automated validation scripts to monitor the data pipeline. Help data consumers to correctly understand and use the data. Identify gaps in E2E data processing pipeline, propose and implement solutions to address those gaps Build reports in response to specific business questions. Qualifications: Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research, Economics, Engineering or relevant field. 5+ years of experience in data processing position, working with large data sets, developing ETL jobs, etc. Experience with relational data bases. Expert knowledge of SQL. Experience with scripting – Python, Bash. Experience with visualization tools – Tableau, Crystal Reports etc. Excellent verbal and written command of English Preferably you will have: Experience with Hadoop tools - Hive, HDFS, Spark, Impala, InfluxDB. Experience with Data Wrangling, Data Management tools – Informatica, Trifacta, Talend etc. Experience with cloud platforms and more specifically AWS - Redshift, Lambda, Kinesis. Experience with Database or Linux system administration. You will be part of newly forming data engineering team. You will have dynamic daily duties and task as working with multiple partners among VMware R &D and operations teams. Have the freedom to choose your own toolbox to tackle problems.