The Senior Data Architect has a primary focus on data warehousing, data integration, data process management, reporting and business intelligence (BI) solutions that meet organizational needs in a higher education sector. These needs are associated with applications and data-warehouse functions that support business strategy, operational, reporting and analytical solutions. This person is responsible to structure and guide specific activities associated with designing, developing, testing, implementing, and maintaining data models, data architectures and reporting/analytical solutions as part of the IS&T; Applications, Reporting and Data team. The individual must endeavor to understand and contribute at the detail level of business process, requirements gathering, data and data modeling, data integration, and reporting and data analysis needs. Working across subject areas, source systems, and in conjunction with Clients/Business-owners, Data Integration (ETL), Database Administrators, Business Analysts, Developers and Reporting/BI professionals, the Senior Data Architect will identify and work to implement specific solutions in a team environment and will also contribute to enterprise-level standards and strategies. Required Skills Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent required Knowledge of data modeling practices and systems architectures necessary for the support data reporting and analytics Knowledge of and demonstrated experience implementing data warehouse concepts and best practices Knowledge of relational database environments (Oracle, SQLServer, MySQL, etc. both on-prem and in cloud) Knowledge of reporting and analytics; particularly via the use of business intelligence tools (MicroStrategy, PowerBI, SAP, AWS QuickSight, etc.) Knowledge and experience in database development and/or server administration Experience in problem solving and troubleshooting in a group multi-team setting Detail-oriented; ability to follow already-defined standards Outstanding writing skills to author /edit / modify concise, grammatically correct procedures and training for Boston University audience. Intermediate to advanced computer skills in the following software packages: MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Visio. Interpersonal Skills Proactive questioning and listening skills are necessary to solicit information and target the value of solutions provided by IT services Deadline driven with little oversight Team player; professionalism and self-confidence Effective communication skills to work with subject matter experts (SMEs) within the University to elicit the information necessary for project technical design. Fluent in U.S. English _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are a VEVRAA Federal Contractor._ Required Experience