Synergis is seeking an experienced Mid-Level Big Data Engineer for a 6 month + Contract to Hire opportunity in Austin, TX. The Mid-Level Big Data Engineer will partner with marketing and creative teams to provide business insights and help develop analytical tools to improve marketing efficiency and effectiveness. This role will serve as an analytics subject matter expert for marketing and marketing leadership. Mid-Level Big Data Engineer Required Education, Experience and Skills: Bachelor’s degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job. 4+ years of related experience Strong analytical and problem solving skills Experience with Java or Python Ability to quickly retrieve, manipulate, analyze and interpret data Experience with big data (preferably Hadoop) and bigquery Expert knowledge of SQL Ability to build and analyze data flows Advanced analytics experience Solid quantitative and research skills and proven data interpretation capabilities Mid-Level Big Engineer Responsibilities: Responsible for building a data lake and analyzing data to identify trends, identifying opportunities for marketing and engaging team members to expand support where needed. Responsible for ensuring data accuracy, expanding data sources and identifying methods to improve insights and capability for marketing across analytics. Solves problems by proactively thinking through approaches to the data or analysis based on the objectives of the assignment Participates as a collaborative team member, holding himself/herself and the team accountable for the work ﻿If you are interested in this position, please contact Christy Cifreo at (770) 346-7211 or by e-mail at ccifreo@synergishr.com _Synergis serves a myriad of clients across nearly all industries, from start-ups to Fortune 100 companies. The outcomes of these relationships are demonstrated in a growing list of more than 300 clients and industry recognitions by Inc. magazine and the Atlanta Business Chronicle. From its foundation in 1997, Synergis has been successfully recruiting and placing IT professionals in all areas of information technology. Recently named the Best Place to Work in Atlanta by the Atlanta Business Chronicle, Synergis has been successfully recruiting and placing IT professionals for over 10 years. For more information about Synergis, please visit the company website._ _Synergis is an Equal Opportunity employer._