Position Details Position Location: Dearborn, MI Department: Information Technology Reports To: Data Engineering Manager Summary The Data Solutions Architect develops and maintains information architecture for the organization to enable knowledge worker productivity, improve customer experience and business decision making with accurate, timely, and consistent information. The role is responsible for designing data governance mechanisms and optimizing information flow within the enterprise. Responsibilities Creates the information architecture and information management strategy for the organization Ensures that information architecture and information management strategy creates a foundation for future investment in business intelligence and collaboration Build an inventory of data needed to implement the architecture Collaborates with business, service, and enterprise architects to understand the implications of respective architectures on information architecture and maximize the value of information across the organization Establishes standards and guidelines for the design & development, tuning, deployment and maintenance of information, advanced data analytics, and text mining models and physical data persistence technologies. Research new opportunities for data acquisition Identify and evaluate current data management technologies Create a fluid, end-to-end vision for how data will flow through an organization Develop data models for database structures Design, document, construct and deploy database architectures and applications (e.g. large relational databases) Integrate technical functionality (e.g. scalability, security, performance, data recovery, reliability, etc.) Maintain a corporate repository of all data architecture artifacts and procedures Evaluate, design and deliver big data solution using technology such as Hadoop. Provides leadership in establishing analytic environments required for structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. Identify opportunities to leverage predictive analytics. Design and continually improve advanced predictive models Supports business and IT capabilities for managing and integrating unstructured information across media Leverages knowledge of platforms i.e., wikis, blogs, instant messaging, etc. and traditional sources such as e-mail and SharePoint Collaborates with user experience specialists to develop design specifications that will improve the performance, usability, and effectiveness of customer facing interfaces Maintains a holistic view of information assets by creating and maintaining blueprints that illustrate how information is stored, processed, and accessed Identify and resolve business and system integration issues, including gaps. Contribute to the overall IT strategy and develops application roadmaps Develops specific metrics for quality and consistency reviews of data Constantly monitor, refine and report on the performance of data management systems Coach, mentor, and lead team members Education Bachelor's Degree Required in Computer Science or Related Field Required Skills and Experience BA/BS in Information Technology/ Computer Science or equivalent. Work experience in systems and programming in a business environment may be considered equivalent More than five years of experience in information architecture or minimum five to seven years of experience as data analyst, business intelligence analyst, or equivalent roles Experience in user experience modeling, information design, and concept generation Strong IT technical background with experience in big data and visualizations. Experience applying advanced predictive analytics to develop solutions Experience with Master Data Management solution(s) preferred. Experience in retail or wholesale apparel preferred. Proven ability to lead the development and implementation of systems and projects. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Working Conditions Office Environment Tobacco Free Travel (25%)