The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is seeking a Junior Web Developer for our Creative Services Department. This position is responsible for the support of the web department team in planning, producing and implementing digital initiatives across web, mobile and social. Able to design and develop website functionality that ensures a strong optimization and best practices. Primary responsibilities for this position include, but are not limited to: Work with development team to oversee the work from digital consultants and vendors to implement digital projects, planning and design. Analyze, design, and develop websites and their functionality, ensuring strong optimization and best practices. Deliver updates to all aspects of the websites and online initiatives for the Natural History Museum, La Brea Tar Pits & Museum, and the William S. Hart Museum ensuring a positive visitor experience. Research site traffic analytics and perform A/B testing to optimize website functionality. Assist in creation, editing, publishing and removal of pages and templates of all sites across our development, staging and production servers. Ensure projects utilize the latest industry tools and standards in CSS and CSS3, XHTML and HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, MySQL and PHP. Key deliverables include the ability to implement and provide relevant analytics across all digital platforms. Create and edit template files, create and edit custom modules and administrate the Drupal architecture. Alongside Drupal (and in some cases WordPress), will work in various PHP frameworks. Interface with Linux, Apache, including SSL and PCI compliance. Interact with servers using SSH, FTP and Telnet protocols. Monitor website technical performance, web servers, and other web systems. Assist with cross-browser QA for all features; record and address bugs or required fixes. This position has the following requirements: Studied in Computer Science or related degree program. Knowledge of JavaScript, PHP, CSS, HTML. Experience in CMS development and Web Frameworks such as AngularJs, ReactJS or Django. Experience in LAMP stack preferred. Knowledge working with source control systems (GIthub, perforce). The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is seeking employees who have demonstrated experience and commitment working with a diverse community. Salary is commensurate with experience plus excellent benefits. This is a part/full-time, temporary/regular, non-exempt position. A cover letter, current resume, and list of 3-4 references are required for all applicants. Review of applications begins immediately and continues until position is filled. Interested candidates please visit www.nhm.org/jobs and click the link of the position for which you are interested. _The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is an Equal Opportunity Employer._ ___Please- No Phone Calls, Faxes, or Emails._