The AI engineer will be a contributor to the FICO Decision Management Platform and FICO Analytic Cloud, and will embark on state-of-the-art, data-driven AI based systems as well as predictive models to solve business problems across financial services industry, particularly in the area of Originations and Customer Management. Job Description What will you do in this role? Build and evaluate predictive and decision models to be deployed in production systems, or for research. This includes the analysis of large amounts of historical data, determining suitability for modeling, data clean-up and filtering, pattern identification and variable creation, selection of sampling criteria, generating performance definitions and variables, performing experiments with different types of algorithms and models, analyzing performance, to identify the best algorithms to employ. Design and develop AI systems Build software components and tools to support AI-based system development, and to enable integration and deployment of such systems into production software and solutions. Design and develop enterprise AI and cloud software using a variety of languages/platforms to support integration and deployment of analytics products and solutions. Develop infrastructure for AI and analytic software development, automated testing, and release management. May participate in post-implementation and system maintenance support. Manage projects and meet deadlines, work with other teams within FICO (software, IT, product management, and product support) provide high quality support to enable integration and deployment of analytics software and solutions. May participate in pre-sales support and provide post-implementation support. What do you need to be successful? MS degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, (PhD preferred) with specialization in Machine Learning. Experience working with Big Data Technologies (ex. Spark) and applying machine learning techniques at large scale with these technologies. Ability to program in Python (full stack), Java/Scala for purposes of model development, API designs, etc Prior experience preparing data for analysis, building predictive models on large scale platforms, and helping to drive innovation into the modeling process/offerings. Knowledge of working with visualization libraries for analytics (JavaScript is a plus) Rewards: High performance culture promoting recognition, rewards and professional development Competitive base salary coupled with attractive role-specific incentive plan Comprehensive benefits program