Job Location: United States : Michigan : Troy Role Value Proposition: Provides administrative/customer service to very large group insurance clients and works with account team to manage customer relationships and satisfaction. Key Responsibilities: Overall accountability for the day-to-day administration of multiple clients, including: Responds to client requests and leads projects, provides clients with alternative solutions to requests and can identify possible plan design alternatives, acts as a liaison between the client and internal MetLife teams. Collaborates and acts as a liaison with client's Third Party Administrator to assist with problem resolution and trouble shooting. Provides exceptional customer service to facilitate ongoing client satisfaction. Coordinates and facilitates client meetings, in person or via conference call, and prepares materials, agendas and presentations. Maintains awareness and knowledge of MetLife’s and competitors’ products and trends. Performs other duties as assigned or required. Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills: Required: 1-3+ years of experience Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills, both written and verbal. Ability to manage time efficiently in order to meet client deadlines. Preferred: Strong project management skills including problem solving, attention to detail, analytical thinking and decisiveness. Ability to work autonomously; effectively handle multiple tasks, prioritize deadlines appropriately and remain flexible. Business Category Sales Number of Openings 1 At MetLife, we’re leading the global transformation of an industry we’ve long defined. United in purpose, diverse in perspective, we’re dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our customers. MetLife is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to attracting, retaining, and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. It is MetLife's policy to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, uniformed service member or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. MetLife maintains a drug-free workplace. For immediate consideration, click the Apply Now button. You will be directed to complete an on-line profile. Upon completion, you will receive an automated confirmation email verifying you have successfully applied to the job. Requisition : 99136