Job Information Job Summary: Under general supervision, implement and operate security controls to minimize risk to physical and logical assets of the Biological Sciences Division (BSD) at the University of Chicago and continue to improve efficiencies for the management of all the BSD Information Security program elements in a consistent manner to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of BSD sensitive information. The Security Analyst, Risk Management identifies and evaluates risks to the organization, develops policies and procedures to lower identified risk. Responsibilities: Perform risk assessments on mission critical information systems or business processes. Identify and document information security vulnerabilities and risks. Develop remediation plans to address identified risks and vulnerabilities. Facilitate risk management governance meetings to gain organizational approval of remediation plans. Track progress on remediation of identified risks and vulnerabilities and provide appropriate reporting. Develop security policies, standards, procedures, checklists, and guidelines tailored to meet the requirements of the organization. Analyze and understand threat intelligence information and how it might impact the organization. Competencies: Ability to respond to changing priorities, and operate effectively in a dynamic demand-based environment, requiring extreme flexibility and responsiveness. Ability to weigh business needs against security concern Ability to conceptualize a course of action and to organize for the successful completion of that action critical, often under tight deadlines. Ability to present information in a consistent and concise manner. Ability to communicate in a personally effective and socially appropriate manner. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Certifications: Education: Bachelor of Science in a related field such as Computer Science, Information Science and Security OR four (4) years of substantial related professional experience, required. Experience: Two years of experience in Information Technology with a focus on cyber security required Limited experience in cyber security with one or more of the following security frameworks, FISMA, HIPAA, NIST Limited experience of quantifying and qualifying security risks Limited experience of Governance Risk and Compliance technology Limited experience in one or more of the following technologies: Qualys, Rapid7, Nessus Direct experience providing customer service Licences and Certifications: Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information System Security Professional (CISSP) or CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP) preferred Required Documents: Resume NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-08-06-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-06-08:00