Manager III Performs complex managerial work overseeing the daily operations and activities of the Chronic Disease Epidemiology (CDE) Branch, which provides scientific infrastructure, senior epidemiology, evaluation, and research study and design expertise to the Health Promotion and Chronic Disease Prevention (HPCDP) Section. Develops CDE's administrative and scientific goals and objectives in alignment with the priorities of DSHS executive and HPCDP section management, the legislature, and federal grants. Oversees organizational and scientific strategic planning for CDE. Develops, plans, and monitors CDE budget, supervises personnel, conducts performance evaluations, other administrative functions, and decision-making for CDE. Develops guidelines for the development and delivery of scientific products and associated procedures, schedules, priorities, and standards for achieving scientific, administrative, and customer-centric goals. Supports grant application process within HPCDP Section and works collaboratively with other HPCDP branch managers on surveillance and evaluation plans, data collection and monitoring process, and related deliverables for grants and other special projects. Ensures collaboration, coordination, and integration of CDE activities with all programs in the HPCDP Section. Participates in the legislative process as needed. Works under the general direction of the Director of the HPCDP Section with extensive latitude for use of initiative & independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: (45%) Provides leadership for the Chronic Disease Epidemiology (CDE) Branch; oversees the establishment of strategic plans for CDE's growth, operations, processes, and scientific goals. Conducts organizational and scientific strategic planning for CDE. Develops and/or approves schedules, priorities and performance standards for achieving goals and objectives in CDE strategic plans. Supervises CDE staff members and conducts performance evaluations. Develops and implements guidelines for the development and delivery of scientific data products and associated procedures, schedules, priorities, and standards for achieving scientific and customer-centric goals. Provides scientific infrastructure to the HPCDP section and supports more than ten programs in the section with their epidemiology, surveillance, and evaluation needs. Provides consultation to other HPCDP branch managers on grant applications, surveillance need for tracking programs' progress, develop data collection tools and protocols, and measure performance indicators. Responsible for providing accurate and timely data to the HPCDP programs via dashboards, surveillance reports, factsheets, GIS maps, data request reports, presentation slides, etc. Maintains the schedule for annual data dissemination process for a variety of data sources providing information on chronic diseases and health risk behaviors. Supports grant application process within HPCDP Section and works collaboratively with other HPCDP branch managers on surveillance and evaluation plans, and related deliverables during the grant cycle. Ensures collaboration, coordination, and integration of CDE branch activities with all branches and programs in the HPCDP Section. (25%) Identifies current and future funding and resource needs and communicates them to the Section Director. Oversees the preparation of CDE operating budgets, allocates approved budgets to CDE operations, and monitors expenditures, including federal and state funding sources. Works with HPCDP Resource Coordinator, reviews budget reports to ensure compliance with policies and procedures set forth by DSHS, state, and federal funding sources. Oversees the preparation of contract language, scope of works, and performance reports from HPCDP programs related to the CDE activities. Collaborates and provides technical assistance to the HPCDP programs, their partners, and other units within CHI and DSHS on HPCDP related epidemiology and evaluation projects. (15%) Participates in agency workgroups related to chronic diseases and health promotion epidemiology and surveillance and represents HPCDP section. Assist the HPCDP Section Director with media, executive leadership, and legislative requests; and other communications regarding chronic disease and risk factors data. (10%) Prepares formal contributions to public health sciences, including conference abstracts and manuscripts for publications. Attends trainings and workshops to maintain skills and knowledge related to chronic diseases public health science. (5%) Performs other duties as assigned, including but not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of public health principles, epidemiology, evaluation, and surveillance related to chronic diseases and their risk factors. Knowledge of epidemiologic investigations, analyses, and interpretation of data. Knowledge of scientific research methods, principles, and philosophy. Knowledge of process improvement and quality assurance systems. Skill in project management. Skill in assigning and reviewing the work of others and directly supervising staff. Skills in using MS Office programs, statistical software (SAS) to analyze data, and mapping packages (ArcGIS). Skills in data visualization software (Tableau) preferred. Skills in translating statistical information into meaningful information for the general public and external stakeholders. Skills in effectively and concisely communicating both orally and in writing. Ability to take independent decisions, manage high priority workloads, manage competing priorities, and operate in changing public health environment. Ability to work with short turnaround times. Ability to mentor epidemiology and program evaluation staff. Ability to provide leadership and technical advice on epidemiology and surveillance related to chronic diseases and their risk factors. Ability to create formal contributions to public health science and participate in the peer-review process. Ability to establish effective working relationships with staff at all levels of an organization, agencies, stakeholders, and elected officials. Ability to do strategic/program planning, performance monitoring, and budget management. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: A graduate degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in epidemiology, public health and/or biostatistics. Skills with programming in statistical software SAS. Skills in MS Office programs. Skills in data visualization and/or mapping packages (e.g. ArcGIS, Tableau). Knowledge of population based surveillance systems, data sources related to chronic diseases and risk factors. Knowledge and experience with survey development, data collection, statistical analyses, data dissemination, data visualization, and evidence based community program evaluations. Knowledge of epidemiological and program evaluation principles and methods. Experience with presenting and publishing scientific work. Experience with conducting epidemiological studies, writing and reviewing manuscripts, and statistical reports. Experience leading a team and/or supervising personnel. Additional Information: Requisition 390841 An in-person interview is required for this position. Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. without employer’s sponsorship. MOS Code: No direct military equivalent found for this position. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.