Qualifications MSc or PhD in the field of Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Mathematics Experience in statistical modelling and/or machine learning Experience in applying data science methods to business problems Programming experience in at least 2 of the following language: R, Python, Scala, SQL Strong presentation and communication skills, with a knack for explaining complex analytical concepts to people from other fields Team leadership, mentoring and project management skills Proven application of advanced analytical and statistical methodologies Knowledge of distributed computing or NoSQL technologies is a bonus Who You'll Work With You will join QuantumBlack’s leading data science team for ~12 to 24 weeks this summer in Boston. You will gain experience working in interdisciplinary teams consisting of Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Designers and McKinsey experts. You will be joining a team that will challenge you and invest in your professional development through R&D; workstreams. You will be helping the best organizations in the world solve their most difficult problems. QuantumBlack helps companies use data to drive decisions. We combine business experience, expertise in large-scale data analysis and visualization, and advanced software engineering know- how to deliver results. From pharmacology to Formula One, we help companies prototype, develop, and deploy bespoke data science and data visualisation solutions to make better decisions. What You'll Do You will work closely with our team of PhD data scientists on R&D; workstreams, attend Data Science journal clubs and attend interdisciplinary team meetings. In this role you will be exposed to the most challenging problems by connecting real world business questions to machine learning methods and translating the results of your R&D; work into actionable business solutions. You will apply your exceptional academic background to develop and apply data science methods to improve and optimism our clients performance needs. You share our curiosity for new methods and technologies, and our enthusiasm for data science challenges. As such, you will support our client services lead to identify business hypotheses and metrics, and you'll have the opportunity to define and drive the analytical scope and method for projects, including formulating and shaping the models. You will be expected to communicate complex analytics concepts in a clear and concise manner to business leaders. You will use math, stats and machine learning to derive key insights across various industry sectors including Formula 1, pharma, automotive and high-tech. You will have the chance to write highly optimised code to advance our internal Data Science toolbox, and you'll develop world-class data science products for clients as well as for our data science team.