… Join our team and make the world better for developers! We are building the Developer Relations dream team in Azure engineering. Our global team is maniacal about making the world amazing for developers of all backgrounds. We're excited to support and contribute to open source platforms, tools, and processes. We’re spreading awareness of Azure and enabling developers to do what they love; write, code, and learn. This is the heart and soul of reinventing Microsoft’s relationship with developers. Sound exciting? This is your opportunity to join and be a key part of our mission! Learn more here: www.aka.ms/meettheteam We create global online experiences for Microsoft, like docs.microsoft.com, Channel 9, and dev.microsoft.com. We believe that great online content and experiences (docs, demos, videos, code, tutorials) is the foundation of everything we do to make it easy for customers to learn and adopt our technology and solve their business challenges. apexawesomejobs apexawesomejobsContent Responsibilities Do you have… Passion for project management and coordinating complex processes and content across various Azure Engineering and content teams Passion for documenting and organizing information in a logical, concise manner so that developers, administrators, and users can learn key differences between core services and other clouds Passion for writing. You either love to blog about technology, or to create the best specs on your team, or maybe you help others in troubleshooting forums. Commitment to customers, participating in relevant communities and thinking every day about how your work makes Microsoft’s tools and services better. Commitment to building innovative and modern content that will inspire and motivate customers using Microsoft platforms and services. Then we may be looking for you! Qualifications Required basic qualifications: B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, Information Management, Technical Communication, English, or similar degree, or equivalent work experience 5 or more years writing experience, including things like technical content, blogs, articles, internal user documentation or other customer-facing content Excellent planning, writing, and communication skills The ability to thrive in ambiguity with creativity and innovation Preferred qualifications: Proven ability to work with administrators and developers, identify their business needs, and incorporate those into content plans Proven ability to communicate, negotiate, and partner with internal teams to solve problems and ship extraordinary content Program management experience is a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.