3M is seeking a Business Analyst for Marketing-Sales Operations (MSO) located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The person hired for the position of Marketing-Sales Operations (MSO) Business Analyst will support the Industrial & Safety Markets Center (ISMC) sales and marketing organizations to research, collaborate, analyze, and report on internal and external data to support sales growth programs. In this role, you will develop and leverage business acumen surrounding industrial and safety markets, products, customers, and geographies to ensure analysis deliverables drive sales growth. Ideal candidates should bring prior experience and skills in technical data analysis, business data research, written and verbal communication, and industry knowledge along with a healthy mix of determination and intellectual curiosity. For additional business group/division/product information, please visit: https://www.3m.com/3M/en_US/company-us/ This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Manage data analysis projects for timeliness and completeness Monitor and load analysis project request details into an existing database. Collaborate with multiple division stakeholders and utilize internal and external data sources to develop project response. Ensure project deliverables are complete and accurate. Create External Reports and Presentations Provide sales and marketing stakeholders with the data and information required to inspire customer engagement and action. Build visually appealing materials that customers can easily understand. Use visualizations and messaging consistent with the 3M brand. Lead and Administer Program Strategy and Scale Up Influence sales reps and managers to gain increased participation in the sales growth programs. Develop and propose efficiencies to scale programs throughout the ISMC. Basic Qualifications: Possess a Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution Minimum of three (3) years of data analysis experience in a private, public, government, or military environment Minimum of three (3) years of experience working with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Preferred Qualifications: Previous internal/external research and/or insights experience. Knowledge of industrial and/or safety products and industries. Ability to navigate and analyze complex and large data structures. Two or more years’ experience with data, report, or application design in SAP BusinessObjects, QlikView/QlikSense, Tableau, Microsoft PowerBI, SQL, R, Python, or other similar languages/technologies. Comfortable working with all levels of an organization. Experience with project management and/or requirements definition. Ability to work through ambiguity and focus on delivering results in a demanding fast-paced work environment. Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation: Is not authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).