Karros Technologies a world leader in Student Transportation Systems, is expanding our engineering team, and we are looking for someone with sharp technical expertise, lots of experience, and great mentorship skills who wants to help us transition from a young startup to an industry leader. We are seeking a world-class Full Stack Developer responsible for the development of all our customer-facing web-based products. The ideal candidate will be a master of JavaScript and its frameworks, and will have passion for building rich, modern front-end experiences for our customers. This will include enhancing and extending existing products as well as greenfield development for new applications. Karros Technologies is a dynamic company that fosters a collegial environment where innovative ideas are encouraged and appreciated. What you get to do Bridge the gap between graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works. Cooperate closely with the backend engineering team to design integration APIs and data contracts for UI consumption. Working with a Microservice-based platform, you will own the responsibility of developing high-quality and feature-complete verticals, applying design patterns while using advanced Java and JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as: Spring Boot, express.js, sails.js, angular.js, backbone.js, react.js, etc. Lead the Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery of world class telematic capabilities and deliver a cutting-edge interactive and engaging customer experience. Work together with the R&D Leadership to establish technical strategy, architecture, and roadmap for global expansion and allow for next generation capabilities. Work to improve how we deploy and support our products in the cloud. What you need to succeed BSc.CS or equivalent experience with at least 5 years of progressive responsibility in a software product development capacity. 5+ years’ experience with Node.js and common JavaScript frontend languages such as angular.js or react.js as well as REST web services/JSON structures. Comprehensive understanding and experience with Microservices. Experience working in a DevOps-oriented culture that prioritizes continuous integration/continuous deployment. Strong familiarity with AWS & Azure services. Autonomy and accountability — you take full ownership of your work and take responsibility for every last detail, every step of the way. What’s in it for you Karros Technologies LLC offers a full benefit plan through TriNet including medical, dental, vision, basic life insurance, FSA, pre-tax commuter benefits, and a company matched 401(k) plan. Karros Technologies offers 20 days of PTO a year and a flexible work-hour policy including the opportunity to partly work from home.