Sanitarian I or Environmental Protection Specialist I- (Understaffed Sanitarian I) Inspections will be located in Dallas Fort Worth area and to encompass surrounding areas of North Texas . The location of this position is contingent on the needs and best work practices for the agency. Works under limited supervision of the Surveillance Milk Group West Manager, this position inspects assigned facilities to include Grade “A” producer dairy farms (raw for pasteurization and retail raw), Grade “A” receiving and transfer stations, Grade “A” bulk milk tankers, Grade “A” processors, Grade “A” single service manufacturers, frozen desserts manufacturers, cheese manufacturers, cold storage facilities for milk products and frozen desserts, delivery vehicles used to transport milk products and frozen desserts, retail outlets of milk products and frozen desserts, and ungraded food manufacturers. Performs required technical equipment tests on pasteurization systems as needed. Collects samples of finished products, single service containers, raw milk, water, chilled water, and glycol to submit to appropriate laboratories for analysis. Conducts sampling surveillance activities to include formal training, testing and field evaluations of certified samplers, receivers and milk haulers. Conducts formal training, field evaluations and certifications of industry personnel for industry sealing of pasteurization equipment. Conducts special investigations as necessary to include aflatoxin, pesticide and antibiotic residues, added water adulteration and food-borne illnesses. Investigates complaints. Responds to public requests for information and inquiries relative to milk and dairy products. Uses initiative and independent judgment to take regulatory action when necessary. Prepares and submits required reports and documentation in a timely manner. All duties on an as needed or required basis. Essential Job Functions: Attend work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. (60%) Inspects assigned facilities, at required frequencies to determine compliance with the Pasteurized Milk Ordinance (P.M.O.), the Frozen Dessert Manufacturers Act, the Standards for the Fabrication of Single Service Containers and Closures for Milk Products, and the Retail Raw Milk Ordinance. Conducts required technical equipment tests on pasteurization systems as specified by the most current edition of the Pasteurized Milk Ordinance as needed. May provide formal training, evaluation and certification of industry personnel for industry sealing of pasteurization equipment. Maintains required level of proficiency. Submits accurate and detailed reports as necessary. Initiates regulatory actions as appropriate. (15%) Collects samples of finished products, single service containers, raw milk, water, chilled water and glycol to submit to the appropriate laboratories for analysis at required frequencies. (15%) Conducts sampling surveillance activities including formal training, testing and field evaluation of certified samplers, receivers and milk haulers annually. Conducts special investigations as necessary to include aflatoxin, pesticides and antibiotic residues, added water adulteration and food-borne illnesses. Collects appropriate samples for laboratory analysis; prepares reports of findings; and makes recommendations for regulatory action. Conducts disaster investigations and truck wreck accidents involving perishable food products. Investigates complaints involving milk and dairy products and prepares detailed reports of findings. (5%) Responds to public requests for information and inquiries relative to the Mission of the Inspection Unit Milk Group. Prepares and submits neat and accurate paperwork and documentation as required in a timely fashion. (5%) Completes travel reports, monthly activity reports, time sheets, and other reports as required in the performance of official duties, submitted accurately and in a timely manner according to policy. Performs other duties as assigned that may include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location.(marginal functions) Participates in available educational programs and training(training locations can be located out of state). Safe operation of either a state owned vehicle or personal vehicle is required to conduct state business and acceptable driving record must be maintained in accordance with DSHS Policy OS-3901, Fleet Operations and Management & Procedures and standards developed by the Texas Department of Public Safety. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Incumbent must have knowledge of the theory and practical applications of disciplines to include, but not limited to, microbiology, biology, chemistry, epidemiology, statistics, thermodynamics, food toxicology. Mature judgment must be used to make field decisions and to plan how the investigation should proceed to resolve difficult and sensitive situations. Must have knowledge and skill in selecting, adapting, and applying investigative methods and negotiating techniques in order to conduct complete and professional Milk and Dairy inspections. Must have knowledge of principles and practices of environmental sanitation; knowledge of state and federal laws, ordinances, rules and regulations, and standards pertaining to milk and dairy products. Must have knowledge of Pasteurization; knowledge of the structure and functions of public health organizations; knowledge of community interrelationships and of current social and economic problems pertaining to public health. Must have skill in inspecting and testing pasteurization equipment; skill in collecting samples; skill in verbal and written communication. Must be skilled in using a variety of computer software to prepare correspondence, documents, and reports. Must have the ability to execute a program of public health sanitation; must have the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. Must have the ability to plan and execute projects and activities with limited supervision. Must have the ability to deal tactfully and effectively with the public and regulated industry. Must have the ability to express ideas clearly and concisely. Must have the ability to address groups effectively. Must have the ability to exercise initiative and balanced independent judgment in evaluating situations and making decisions. Must have the ability to carry at least 50 pounds; push/pull 100 pounds; use safety equipment; climb ladders, catwalks and stairs; and work in confined spaces during inspections and be able to stand for long periods of time. Must have the ability to provide transportation. Must have the ability to communicate intelligently with staff, regulated industry, the media and the general public. Must have the ability to maintain confidentiality of information and documents where appropriate. Must have the ability to work outside of normal duty hours to include overnight travel and to adjust work week to accommodate work load, and to be available for emergency or disaster response involving food (24 hour on call). Registration or Licensure Requirements: This is an understaffed position. The successful applicant must meet educational requirements and pass the Professional Sanitarian exam within six (6) months from the initial date of employment. The successful applicant must achieve Registration Sanitarian status within (2) years of date the date of employment. Must possess a valid Texas driver’s license, or equivalent license from another state. Must meet FDA Credentialing requirements as found in http://www.fda.gov/downloads/ICECI/ComplianceManuals/RegulatoryProceduresManual/UCM074334.pdf . Registered Sanitarian is preferred. Initial Selection Criteria: This position is being posted as Environmental Protection Specialist I (EPS I) which is understaffed from this position’s established classification of Sanitarian I. This Environmental Protection Specialist I will also utilize a working title of Sanitarian-In-Training (SIT). Prospective applicants must meet the educational requirements, apply and pass the Professional Sanitarian exam WITHIN six (6) months from the date of employment. The Texas Department of State Health Services Sanitarian Registration Program will determine whether an applicant meets the educational requirements and gives credit for relevant work experience to determine the applicant’s qualifying status as one of the following: Environmental Protection Specialist(EPS I)/Sanitarian-In- Training (SIT): Graduation from a college or university of recognized standing with a B.S. or B.A. degree with at least 30 semester hours in basic science or natural science or any combination thereof. No experience or less than (1) years of experience in the field of sanitation. Successful passage of Sanitarian Registration Examination (may submit proof of current certification by NEHA as REHS/RS in lieu of exam) OR Professional Sanitarian (RS) – State of Texas: Graduation from a college or university of recognized standing with a B.S. or B.A. degree with at least 30 semester hours in basic science or natural science or any combination thereof and acquires two (2) years of experience in the field of sanitation. Successful passage of Sanitarian Registration Examination (may submit proof of current certification by NEHA as REHS/RS in lieu of exam). Registered Sanitarian is preferred. Bachelor's degree in public health, food and nutrition, or a natural, basic, environmental or other science discipline from a US accredited college/university, or foreign education that has been determined to be equivalent by an acceptable education evaluator Must meet FDA Credentialing requirements as found in http://www.fda.gov/downloads/ICECI/ComplianceManuals/RegulatoryProceduresManual/UCM074334.pdf Must be able to work outside of normal duty hours (Monday-Friday 8am-5pm) and conduct overnight travel to respond to emergency, disaster situations involving food or drugs or training (24 hour on call status);and adjust work week to accommodate workload. Frequent daytime travel (70%) is required to perform job duties. Experience using a computer including word processing and database software. Experience communicating with the public. Additional Information: This is a career track position. The salary for an Environmental Protection Specialist I is $2,982.58 per month. This salary will be maintained until the applicant meets the requirements of a Professional Sanitarian, a maximum of two years based on qualifying status. The successful applicant must achieve Professional Sanitarian status within two years of date of employment. After meeting the Professional Sanitarian requirements, the position will be re- classified as a Sanitarian I with a corresponding salary of $3,916.66 per month. The location of this position is flexible and is contingent on the needs and best work practices for the agency. Use of safety equipment may be required. Duties may require irregular working hours other than M-F/8-5, overnight travel, and being on call or available to respond to emergency situations. Frequent daytime travel will be required to perform duties. Safe operation of either state owned vehicle or personal vehicle is required to conduct state business. The position requires a valid driver license to be verified with law enforcement to ensure compliance with DSHS’s driving policy. Employees/Applicants are responsible for providing a copy of their driver's license prior to beginning employment. If selected for interview, a copy of college transcript must be presented. DUE TO BUDGET CONSTRAINTS, PLEASE NOTE: HIRING SALARY WILL BE AT THE BASE OF THE SALARY RANGE UNLESS THE CANDIDATE IS INTERNAL IN WHICH CASE A 7% MAY BE APPLIED FOR A PROMOTION OR THE MINIMUM OF THE NEW SALARY GRADE, WHICH EVER IS HIGHER; OR A 3.4% MAY BE APPLIED WHEN THE CANDIDATE IS IN THE SAME SALARY GROUP BUT DIFFERENT CLASS TITLE AND JOB CODE. The position will be located in the Milk Group East coverage area. Candidate must be willing to conduct job duties throughout the areas encompassing and including Austin , Texas to Waco, Texas and other areas on an as needed basis . If selected for an interview, copies of driver's license and college transcripts must be presented. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 67C, HM, 8056, 4E0X1. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Requisition 379255 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.