Aufgaben Embedded in a worldwide network Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. continuously strives to remain at the forefront of successful automotive research and development. MBRDNA is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California since 1995, with key areas of Autonomous Driving, Advanced Interaction Design, Digital User Experience, Machine Learning, Customer Research, and Business Innovation. In Redford, Michigan, the focus is on powertrain and eDrive technology as well as in Long Beach, where the E-Mobility Group helps to shape the future of the North American market for hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric vehicles. The Testing and Regulatory Affairs Division in Ann Arbor and the Advanced Vehicle Design in Carlsbad complete the competence center. Together, all the developers, technicians, engineers and designers take on the challenges of creating the next innovation. They\rquote re inspired by the newest trends, find the best solutions for the customer, develop the latest and greatest technologies and create the next generation of connected, safe, sustainable and luxurious vehicles. Here at MBRDNA, we are looking for talented, energetic, and committed individuals to join our diverse team. Our employees are the key to our success, and we support each individual in fulfilling his or her potential. We proudly continue the pioneering work initiated by founders Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz over 125 years ago. Start Date: September 2018, 6-12 months, 40 hours per week, must commit Key & Responsibilities: The intern will support electrical engineering staff in field of electrical high voltage components and assemblies development and testing for electrified vehicles. Create high voltage system test plan and instrument high voltage system on bench/ test vehicles Perform electric vehicle test and develop test reports Support project related meetings and publish meeting minutes Topics include charging systems, charging system communication Identify and gather information on emerging charging system suppliers, technologies and projects Other related tasks Qualifikationen Education & Experience: Pursuing a Bachelors (within 1 year of graduation), or MS or PhD program in Electrical Engineering, with power electronics systems emphasis. Minimum GPA 3.5 Knowledge of electric vehicle operations concepts Strong MS Office computer skills to create presentation a nd reports including developing tools using macros/scripts Familiar with Matlab scripts for analysis Familiar with a programing language (C, C++...) Familiar with electrical test tools (Oscilloscope...) Effective problem solving skills Effective verbal and written English communication German language is a plus Valid Driver’s License