The Safeco Agency Business & Technology Solutions team builds capabilities that agents and employees use to sell, service and manage policies. Our focus areas include defining technology strategy, building digital capabilities for our stakeholders, creating our future systems as part of the Integration program, and creating a robust content experience for agents on Safeco Now. The Safeco Agency Business & Technology Solutions team is looking for a Senior Integration Analyst to work on the Comparative Rating agile squad. This squad is responsible for delivering solutions that drive 50% of Safeco New Business premium and 25% of USCM. We own & maintain several Safeco quoting technologies such as: Safeco Partner, ACE Leads, Consumer Quote Tool, and Home No Touch. We are very closely aligned to our stakeholders and we all share the same objectives and KPIs. Locations Available: Seattle, WA & Portland, OR _May consider remote applicants located in Pacific Standard Time zone_ In this role, you would: Analyzes and documents complex business problems and provides recommendations based on research of industry trends, business products, competitors, and performance analysis for optimal business solutions. Analyzes feasibility, cost ramifications, economies, or other aspects of large or complex programs. Communicates with both internal and external customers on project status, e.g. vendors, business partners, and Information Technology. Develops business client testing strategies, plans cases and conditions; tests and monitors testing efforts; reviews and approves new system behavior to ensure alignment with business requirements and objectives. Depicts complex ideas, issues and designs to varied audiences; communicates project objectives, scope and direction to project team; educates IT employees on business vision and plan and both IT and business employees on the impact of change. Consults on complex business issues and design considerations. Works with other departments to coordinate interdepartmental activities in order to ensure that Liberty meets customer expectations. Leads problem resolution as needed to ensure that internal and external customers receive prompt, efficient service in accordance with company policies. Prepares user documentation and training materials & provides technical training and user support to business groups. Develops communication plans and related activities. This role might be for you if you have: Bachelor degree in business or technical discipline or equivalent experience. 5+ years related experience. Extensive knowledge of business operations, objectives and strategies as well as business process and information flow. Understanding of business practices common across many businesses. Extensive understanding of re-engineering approaches. General knowledge of IT concepts, strategies, and methodologies. General knowledge of diverse technologies and new and current architectures. Skills in object, data, and / or process modeling; financial analysis and planning, business value analysis; business process design. Negotiation, facilitation, and consensus building skills. Strong oral and written communication skills. Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Washington-Seattle Schedule: Full-time Salary: $79,600-$104,700 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time