WHY DO WE LOVE COMING TO WORK EVERY DAY? With over 10,000 superstars across 48 different countries globally, it is hard not to be inspired every single day. At Finastra we celebrate in global knowledge sharing, diversity and an opportunity to make a difference for each other and for our customers. We are on a journey. After bringing two global Fintech leaders together in June 2017, Finastra has truly recognized the opportunity and power we have, by combining our expertise, successes and passion together. Whether it is in a collaboration hub or innovating with colleagues across our global landscape, we are one team creating a network of talent and creativity in a stimulating environment, to do what we can to make a difference for our customers. Our people are leaders in their role and are always looking for new ways to help our customers grow, compete and optimize their business. From a graduate Software Engineer to an experienced Sales Executive – we are looking for personal leadership and people with the appetite to understand the markets and customers we serve. We drive innovation that challenges the status quo and feel proud of the positive differences that we make every day. We recognize talent and provide a work environment where leaders can drive results , develop and grow their careers. Success is what you do, success is what we achieve, together. The future of Finance is open – combine your talents with Finastra opportunities to create an exciting career with us. _For more information, visit Finastra.com_ __ NOTE: This position can be based anywhere in the US Responsibilities & Deliverables: Your deliverables as a Enterprise Architect include, but are not limited to, the following: Pre-Sales Ensuring a viable solution design and implementation approach is communicated during the sales process and providing continuity and understanding into the project delivery. Advocates for Low Risk, Low Customization Projects Offering a value-add conduit to Product and Product Roadmap Post-Sale Leadership role in project delivery teams with responsibility for developing, communicating and maintaining the integrity of the overall functional and technical solution. Ensuring a Right First Time approach to delivering Client Value through Finastra solutions Maintain the integrity and consistency of the overall solution being deployed by Finastra; Maintain the overall solution architecture, both in terms of the target, final state, of the solution and any interim phases. Establishing program/project overall governance aligned with Finastra’s Best Practice; Overall project/program planning, namely ensuring phasing and roll out considerations are adequately reflected and understood by all stakeholders; Active participation in regular program/project status meetings and, as needed, in program/project steering committees. Solution Governance ensuring Project delivers to commitments Ongoing feedback to Product Management around implementation challenges Required Experience: Minimum 15 years of experience in the Banking industry in a lead role with exposure to both Retail and Corporate banking operations (Banking) or Capital Markets Experience / exposure to leading Banking Solutions is essential Team player with experience leading and collaborating cross-teams to ensure successful delivery of solutions Excellent communication skills with ability to explain functional and technical concepts to lay audiences Some experience of working with board level stakeholders. Strong presentation and organisational skills Self-driven with the ability to appropriately prioritise and plan work in rapid changing environment Strong team and inter-personal skills Strong Conceptual and Analytical skills Willing to travel extensively up to 80 percent LI-MG1 __ The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to disability please contact us at 800-274-7280. The Future is Collaborative . The Future is Open. The Future is Now.