Machine learning is one of the most exciting areas in computer science today. Smart machines are already embedded and integral to much of what people do. At the same time, our ability to collect and work with large data sets which fuel ML algorithms has seen tremendous progress over the last decade. At JPMorgan, we have a tremendous opportunity to be at the forefront of the ML revolution. We have the technical problems, we have the data sets, and we have the financial incentives to create deep and effective implementations. As a machine learning expert for the Corporate and Investment Bank, you will be engaged to solve complex business problems with high quality machine learning solutions. You will be called upon to provide expertise drawn from your research and work experience to solve financial technology problems with intelligent algorithms. The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of the various approaches, algorithms and state of the art practices in machine learning and will maintain focus on delivering commercially impactful solutions to the businesses we support. You will be at the center of prescribing, building and innovating intelligent algorithms. We need a proven dev-to-prod track record with strong potential for growth into an ML leadership position. Responsibilities include: Working closely and seamlessly with core development experts within the team Choosing, extending and innovating ML solutions for various banking problems Building model diagnostics, choice justification paradigms, testing and training approaches Taking ownership for all offered services Minimum Qualifications: Demonstrated expertise in machine learning Demonstrated experience building and deploying solutions Familiarity with a broad set of models across supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning Demonstrated ability to innovate on out of the box models 5+ years researching and practicing machine learning Desirable (but not essential): Machine learning tools, like TensorFlow Big data, and big data toolset experience Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.