Position Description What does a great Power BI Analyst do? Develops and maintains reports using Power BI. As a Power BI Analyst, you can look forward to: Creating reports for a new implementation of Dynamics 365, along with directing best practices for reporting. You will also have the opportunity to convert SSRS reports, Crystal Reports, and Excel reports into new Power BI reports. These reports support many of the functional groups within the business so you will have the opportunity to work with experts in Finance, Human Resources, Business Development and IT to define requirements and develop solutions. You’re the kind of person who: Loves working in a fast-paced environment. You have a strong background working with Microsoft Power BI and have experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365. You are looking for an opportunity to make an immediate impact on the business. Basic qualifications for consideration: Minimum 3 years of experience developing reports using Microsoft Power BI Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Passion for process improvement and automation Experience working with management to gather requirements History of initiative and innovation Ability to take ownership of assignments and see them through to completion Ability to prioritize tasks Ability to work with remote teams Ability to travel up to 10% Preferred qualifications for consideration: Experience setting up new instances of Power BI SharePoint experience Crystal Reports experience SSRS experience Who we are: For every individual and family, two of their biggest life purchasing decisions involve buying a car and a house. We are the company working behind the scenes with our clients to create industry leading technology that ensures the experience is secure and easy for consumers. Each year, we are proud to help millions of people realize their ownership dreams. Our clients, who are Blue Chip lenders and high-growth brand name disruptors, trust us to help them address and anticipate the ever-evolving lending landscape. Over the years, we earned the industry’s choice for scalable performance and innovative technology that connects lenders with the people they serve. We are growing and we know we can’t do that without adding great new talent. We have an outstanding set of technology and service professionals across the globe but we need new team members who can help us realize our vision to optimize the connection between lenders and consumers. As a newly created joint venture between Warburg Pincus and Fiserv, we are a well-supported independent firm, channeling the strength of our Fortune 500 heritage together with the excitement of a growth-oriented, innovative technology provider. “This is an exciting time for Fiserv Lending Solutions. We’re looking to define and lead the next generation of lending technology, and that can only be achieved by having the right team. We know you have a choice and we hope you consider us to see if we are the right fit.” -Bret Leech, CEO of Fiserv Lending Solutions. Join us in this new venture and help us fulfill the promise we make to our clients every day. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.