Panorama is on a mission to radically improve student outcomes by helping educators act on data. Today, more than 500 school systems serving over seven million students use Panorama to ensure that each child is getting the support they need, so that more students succeed in school, graduate, and go on to college. Panorama helps educators monitor how students are doing across academics, attendance, behavior, and college readiness, and then coordinate action to support each child. Panorama’s platform also helps educators get data about non-academic factors that are key to each child’s success in school and in life, such as social-emotional skills, safety, teacher-student relationships, and family engagement. Panorama has raised a $32mm led by Emerson Collective as well as Spark Capital, Owl Ventures, SoftTechVC, and the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative. Our engineers are changing history way beyond git rebase -i. The engineering team is involved in every step of the product cycle, working closely with many other teams (and our users!) to brainstorm and build solutions to education’s toughest problems. Sure, we have strong technical chops, but we make sure to constantly challenge ourselves and grow. From lunchtime guest talks and weekly book clubs ( http://engineering.panoramaed.com/our-engineering-book-club/ ) to hackathons ( http://blog.panoramaed.com/panorama-education-hackathon-2014/ ) and open-source projects (both in the office ( https://github.com/panorama-ed ) and outside it ( http://www.betaboston.com/news/2015/02/24/like-a-waze-for- the-t-mbta-ninja-lets-bostonians-crowdsource-trouble-on-their-commute/ )), we try to improve ourselves as we help schools around the world do the same. In this role, you will: Work on fascinating and challenging problems, like: Learning recommendation engines that correlate educator data with community-generated content. Optical mark recognition infrastructure capable of processing millions of sheets of paper per day. Novel data visualizations that uncover insights from school districts’ dizzying variety of data sets. Design, write, test, review, debug, deploy, and occasionally be frustrated by code. Never put developer ease or convenience over making a difference to the millions of students we serve. Our ideal candidate: Loves to learn and be challenged. Is a strong coder in any language (we primarily use Ruby and JavaScript, but it’s okay if you haven’t—see the previous bullet point). Has significant experience with web app development and deployment—Unix and testing and uptime, oh my! Is a great communicator and collaborator. We’re a close-knit team! Check out our blog: http://engineering.panoramaed.com/ Panorama Education is dedicated to building a diverse and inclusive company because we serve students, educators and families from tremendously diverse backgrounds and identities across the country; we’ve seen how our product and impact are strengthened the more we reflect that diversity. In addition, we have found (and we believe the research) that diverse teams are higher- performing, and we embrace the varied perspectives that our team members share with each other. As such, we are an Equal Opportunity Employer.