Position Title: Reporting Analyst Hay Grade 14 Reports To: Business Intelligence Solutions Architect As the leader in business and industry dining, Eurest is the company to join if you want a rewarding career packed with limitless opportunities. We feed the employees of the nation's largest and most-prestigious companies - in every state and across all industries. As a member of Eurest's leadership and professional support team, you will help our 16,000 chefs, and in-unit associates excel as they deliver world-class meals in corporate cafes and executive dining rooms with on-site catering through vending innovations and more. Our company is innovative, high performing and fast growing. Our teammates are enthusiastic, committed to quality and thrive on consistently delivering unparalleled results. And did we mention we work with exciting companies and at interesting locations? Come grow your career with Eurest. _This position is eligible for an Employee Referral Bonus! If you know someone that is qualified for this role, please use the “job search” in MyOpportunity to refer your referral and email them a link to apply. Your referral will be able to apply by clicking the link in the email then you can check the status under Careers in MyOpportunity by clicking on “referral tracking.” For Employee Referral guidelines, FAQs and the Compass Employee Referral Policy, email_ _MyReferral@compass-usa.com_ _._ Job Summary The Reporting Analyst, Business Intelligence is responsible for the supervised creation of rich, compelling visualizations of data across the enterprise that facilitate business understanding, insight, and decision-making. This role will leverage data and analytics to create dynamic, visually appealing BI reports and dashboards shared with business owners, clients, and senior leadership. The ideal candidate must have an employment or educational background working with data and understand how analysis can unlock information to tell stories and generate insights. The candidate will need to demonstrate the ability to connect and translate complex data and information into business-relevant visualizations, recognize patterns and anomalies in the data, and address them through the appropriate internal processes. This position emphasizes a need for a creative mind to compose reusable graphic/data visualizations as well as the technical knowledge necessary to implement these visualizations using the very latest Microsoft technologies. The position blends data visualization skills with strong report and dashboard development talent and a strong business sense to help develop reporting solutions. Key Responsibilities: Create accurate and visually compelling reports and dashboards to clearly illustrate and report key business metrics, support historical and predictive data, and uncover new insights that can drive continuous process improvement Apply design and data analysis techniques to organize the presentation of data in visually innovative ways in order to make it easier to understand, insightful, and actionable by end users Iteratively design visualizations for data models and prototype reporting concepts for presentation to customers for feedback Test, validate, and integrate new data models into development and production reports and dashboards Support, maintain, and assist in evolving and enhancing existing in-production reporting products, documenting changes, processes, and dependencies With limited supervision, lead small-scale reporting projects (from planning stages through to production) for multiple lines of business within the larger organization Provide guidance, insight, and training to end users on how best to use data visualization tools and assist in developing best practices for data presentation and sharing across the organization Recommend approaches or tools to increase the effectiveness of this role Other duties as assigned Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent related experience 3+ years of experience in the reporting and data visualization, analysis, and/or business intelligence space including dashboard creation. Related academic achievement may qualify as a substitute for work experience 2+ years of experience in developing different types of visual reporting, including: visual analytics, visualizations for interactive data exploration, and narrative/editorially-guided visualizations. Related academic achievement may substitute for work experience Candidates for this role must specifically have experience with Microsoft Power BI Desktop, must be able to demonstrate a high degree of competency in the DAX language, and be familiar with the Power BI service, including data gateways and workspaces Apply to Eurest today! _Eurest is a member of Compass Group USA_ Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Req ID: 193604 Eurest ANNMARIE B MCSHEA SALARIED EXEMPT