Interested in computer vision and Deep Learning? Want to be able to gain some valuable experience on a long-term contract with a well-established company downtown? The aim of this project is to establish image classification via satellite to better assess company assets. Deep learning is a huge buzzword with not very many places knowing how to implement it. This company is different. They have a huge presence in their industry and have spent a lot of time and money putting together a team to optimize the way that they run their multi-billion-dollar business. If you’re a machine learning professional or you’re coming out of one of the few local companies utilizing Deep Learning in production and you want to push your knowledge in the field, send me your resume and let’s talk! Required Skills & Experience Solid professional experience using Python, C++, and C in a production environment Tensorflow or PyTorch for dataflow programming Excellent understanding of computer vision OpenCV experience Experience managing and manipulating data sets Experience establishing Neural Networks Desired Skills & Experience Understanding of/experience with Lua or Go is a big plus Strong Machine Learning experience doesn’t hurt Prior experience working with IoT connected devices or self-operating machinery What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 75% Object category recognition 25% image processing Daily Responsibilities 100% Hands On The Offer Competitive Pay: Up to $80/hour, DOE Contract Duration: 12+ Months You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.