zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. The Transportation Business Analyst III investigates complex business issues, transforms data into valuable insights, and uses those insights to influence critical business decisions within our global transportation network. This individual will leverage their strong technical skills and subject matter expertise in the parcel transportation industry to bring innovation, definition, and optimization to the future of our rapidly scaling transportation program. Build and maintain tools, analytics, and reporting to highlight key factors impacting costs Develop and deliver content for operational reviews with internal leadership Deliver actionable insights on financial performance and opportunities to reduce costs without impacting performance Perform data mining for valued projects Collaborate with multiple departments including Finance, Tax, Procurement, and Technology to understand and quantify the impacts of possible changes within our transportation network Complete cost benefit justifications on strategic optimization decisions Analyze internal transportation data to support strategic carrier negotiations Research market conditions to understand the impact of suppliers rate changes Lead key initiatives related to cost management QUALIFICATIONS 5-7 years of experience in quantitative and analytical measurement BS or BA degree in a quantitative field such as Math, Finance, Statistics, Engineering, Supply Chain or Business Operations is required Knowledge of and experience in the transportation industry Strong financial acumen, analytic skill set, and a high degree of proficiency in data mining and forecast model development Excellent written communication and presentation skills Advanced SQL and Excel skills are required zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.