BMW Technology Corporation is committed to developing creative, breakthrough connected car services that integrate consumers’ digital lives with their mobility needs. Our teams build these experiences here in Chicago so we are developing a dynamic and invigorating work environment. If you share our vision and are ready to help shape this exciting business, we’d like to learn how your talents can drive excellence in products and processes in the new BMW Chicago Technology Center. We aim to identify a number of product opportunities where we can make a difference in the market, in areas aligned with our vision. Researchers are responsible to work on rich data intelligence that is used for the big data processing in the cloud behind our new line of products and services. As a data mining and machine learning researcher you will be responsible for transforming large amounts of diverse data into actionable models and descriptive knowledge. Our team takes pride in working beyond data mining and machine learning research area. We are creating smart driving user experiences by leveraging the mobile internet, context-awareness, to create a personalized digital service that connects all the available data and information that matters to BMW users. This position has accountability for development of a contextual, intelligent and personalized engine leading to great user experience, high business value and innovative differentiation. He/she will initiate, manage, design, implement and deliver machine learning/data mining, analysis/context-aware recommendation solutions for a digital service used to create a smart driving experience while carrying out the research on context data intelligence that will impact the research communities around data and computing. Responsibilities: Accountability for development of contextual, intelligent and personalized engine leading to great user experience, high business value and innovative differentiation Initiate, manage, design, implement and deliver machine learning/data mining, analysis/context-aware recommendation solutions for digital service with smart driving experience Collect, process and analyze large dynamic real-world inhomogeneous data sources Design and implement scalable data-driven solutions in cloud Develop well-performed computational and statistical models Develop novel and useful machine learning and data mining techniques, as well as assess 3rd party machine learning and data mining components Carry out the research on context data intelligence that will impact the research communities around data and computing Join the team at BMW of North America and enjoy a high-performance employment package which includes: Company paid Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance Employee car program 401(k) Savings Plan Retirement Income Account Minimum Requirements: MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related fields; PhD preferred. 0-5 years of recent experience as a researcher with proven academic track record and expertise in both the theory and practice of machine learning, data mining, algorithms, context modeling, recommendation systems, context data intelligence and personalized service, statistical signal processing and pattern recognition. Passion and excellent performer for innovation in data intelligent and personalized services, and being able to create the novel solution into products. Solid experience with various machine learning and data mining methods, in order to decide what methods would are the most suitable for the task at hand. Sufficient knowledge of varying paradigms in data analysis, and understanding of their conceptual and practical strengths and weaknesses. Strong programming skillset (Java, Python, C++, R, etc.), and on big data processing framework (e.g. Hadoop, DB). Preferences: Plus if you have working experience in machine learning algorithm roles in the industry; being able to have initiatives, managing the project from concepting to the product. BMW NA is an EO employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.