Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate. A place where they can envision taking their careers to places they simply couldn’t imagine anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world where we can help transform and allow our customers to disrupt themselves before someone else would. Responsibilities Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the world. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture At a time when most customers are looking for ways to innovate and disrupt themselves, the Microsoft Enterprise Services Public Sector Area Solution Architect Team is looking for an Area Solution Architect that can help build solutions for our public sector customers to help with their digital disruption and transformation. The Public Sector Area Solution Architect Team is responsible for sales opportunity/deal qualification, technical deal shaping, and early stage architecting of innovative and complex solutions. In addition, Area Solution Architects build speculative solutions using emerging technologies as part of digital disruption and transformation strategy. The Area Solution Architect role requires both broad and deep technology knowledge and the ability to architect solutions by mapping customer business problems to end-to-end technology solutions. The candidate must have demonstrated ability to engage in discussions with senior level technology decision makers related to agility, business value, and end to end information technology solutions. The Area Solution Architect is a key enabler for other architects, consultants and partners in our business, and must have a passion for the customer which is demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer engagement and experience. The Area Solution Architect applies advanced analysis skills and experience in principals of architecture to define appropriate customer solutions. To be credible the Area Solution Architect must have current and deep experience with implementation of large software systems. Also, the Area Solution Architect should understand competitive technology and how to properly assess feasibility of migrating customer solutions from, and/or integrating with customer solutions hosted on, non-Microsoft platforms. Advanced domain knowledge in one or more Public Sector Vertical (Federal Department of Defense, Federal Civilian, State and Local Government, and Education) is also an asset. Expert level knowledge and skill with the following is highly desired: Proven experience selling consulting engagements which includes estimating, scoping, and writing effective statements of work that clearly set expectations and limit risk Demonstrated excellence with consulting skills and presenting complex development topics to both business executive and technical personnel Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and helping to build innovative cloud solutions in large or highly strategic accounts Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication Demonstrated excellence when facilitating customer design and awareness sessions that are focused on complex application solution architectures. Ability to articulate architectural differences between solution methods and the challenges and approaches to integrating solutions built on different platforms including a working knowledge of different architectural frameworks that may be used by our customers Architectural understanding of and implementation experience with the following solution architecture areas: Business Applications including Dynamics 365, Business Intelligence Solutions, SQL, Application Architectures including the use of cloud-based technology capabilities such as Azure and Cyber Security solutions Ability to move between high level architectural review/design and the “roll up the sleeves” level of providing architectural oversight for delivery projects. Ability to translate business requirements into technology requirements for inclusion in contracts and/or statements of work (SOW). The Area Solution Architect helps customer account teams identify, pursue and close strategic business development opportunities while continually driving add-on business within existing projects. To accomplish this, effective fostering of executive level relationships is required. Area Solution Architects also play a key role in employing and developing partners as part of the overall Microsoft services delivery model. The Area Solution Architect will also be called upon to provide Technical Quality Assurance at various points along a project lifecycle. Proven project management experience through the entire project life cycle with high customer satisfaction is a key indicator the Area Solution Architect will be successful with Q/A. Qualifications The Area Solution Architect role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in both crisis management and expectation management. Ideal candidates may come from customer, partner and competing organizations and may have played the following types of roles in these organizations; Senior Architect, Chief Architect, Principal Architect or CTO. 10+ years of relevant work experience is required MBA or a relevant business degree is an added advantage for combining technical and business skills in this role. Location preference is for someone located it the Greater Chicago area, WI or MN Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.