Bellevue,Washington,United States BAUGP4 IT Infrastructure and Security Operations is seeking a senior-level Systems Administrator & Integrator to join our team. The selected candidate will install and manage dedicated infrastructure services for a secure access environment including server hardware and virtual servers, as well as manage additional infrastructure as required. This position will be located in either Bellevue, Washington or Phoenix, Arizona. The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of most aspects of system administration, including backup, networking, Active Directory and virtualized infrastructure. They will guide the successful completion of major projects and may function in a project leadership role. This role requires complex troubleshooting and problem solving, often requiring coordination of multiple teams. Erroneous decisions or recommendations may result in failure to achieve major organizational objectives. The role involves regular collaboration with multiple teams across the enterprise in order to successfully deliver on products and services. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Install and manage approved hardware Provide and operate secure environment domain controllers and Domain Name Service (DNS) Manage virtual infrastructure on the vSphere Cloud Suite Ensure backup operations Provide infrastructure administration and patch management Shared Storage Management on multiple platforms including blade and array technologies Manage certificates Analyze, design and implement mitigations based on vulnerability assessments and penetration testing Automating processes via scripting, processes such as: Deploying/patching systems Automating account provision Password management This position requires a current Secret clearance and is contingent on clearing IT/Global Privacy Employee Background Screening. Please include clearance and date of recent SSBI on profile/resume to be considered. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires an active Secret U.S. Security Clearance. (A U.S. Security Clearance that has been active in the past 24 months is considered active.) Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Experience administering Linux or Windows server or systems applications Experience managing VMWare vSphere Cloud Suite Ability to pass IT/Global Privacy Employee Background Screening Ability to be support 24/7 On-Call rotation Ability to travel to support installations and upkeep, including last minute travel to support emergent business requirements Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience with scripting languages for Windows or Linux (Powershell, Python, Perl, Java) Networking Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) HP Hardware Certificate Management Microsoft Services including Active Directory, DNS, and Group Policy Objects Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company Phoenix;Arizona;United States~