We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and we are growing fast. Do you see potential datasets everywhere you look? Do you love to uncover hidden insights, trends, and stories that most people don't see? We need a strong storyteller to tell Textio's story to the world! As a Customer Success Engineer at Textio, one skill is more important than anything else: you excel at telling compelling stories with data. You will immerse yourself in our most valuable asset: our customers, their data and their results. The Customer Success Engineering team uses data to persuade, convince, and build relationships across our worldwide customer base. What you'll do: Work closely with our customers’ data and Textio’s predictive engine to find patterns—and then share Textio’s insights about their company’s language, usage, and competitive positioning Partner closely with our data and product teams to ensure that Textio reflects what is happening in today's linguistic landscape Work with all levels of customers, including senior executives at Fortune 100 companies, and be phenomenal at communicating with each and every audience Use your understanding of data collection and statistical measurement to set customers up for success before they even use Textio Equip our account management team with the data they need for successful customer implementation Become an expert on enterprise processes, customer goals and expectations, and know how data can be impacted by customer decisions Level-up Textio's understanding of our data and writing landscapes, like the hiring market Be the voice of customer data in new product discussions We’d love to hear from you if you: Are a clear, responsive communicator who is up to the challenge of working across a broad range of audiences in writing, on the phone, and in-person Have proven writing and data visualization skills Manage competing tasks and priorities in stride Are statistically literate Are great at explaining abstract or technical concepts to new audiences Have a product mindset—you are always looking for ways to make things better Are scrappy and enthusiastic - when you see something that needs to be fixed or improved, you take action Love working with people and they love working with you Are a doer—you find the opportunities to help customers and you take them Are equally fluent talking about details or taking a 10,000 foot view Have a track record of trying and learning new things Have a point of view but are low ego This is a highly unusual role. Do you have a passion for data but want a customer-facing role? Is your background in customer work accompanied by strong math, scripting and writing skills? This is your dream job. This role offers close partnership opportunities across Textio, including sales, marketing, product, and engineering. If you like wearing lots of hats, know how to build and maintain a variety of relationships, and you love helping people succeed, you will love this job. If you have any prior experience in NLP, data science or analytics, don’t forget to mention it. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us.