POSITION SUMMARY The Business Systems Analyst Specialist is primarily responsible for designing and implementing creative decision making reporting applications for use by external Pharma customers. This position is responsible for the technical design, development and implementation of data analysis solutions to multiple constituents within a Pharma sales and manufacturing organization through a variety of delivery methodologies including the Galileo Web Portal, Xcelsius Dashboards and mobile applications. The ability to facilitate the discovery of comprehensive technical requirements from non-technical sources is critical to the successful performance of this position. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Provide SME in the areas of technical design and implementation of reporting and dashboarding solutions using existing software resources including: Xcelsius, Business Objects XI, Mobile development applications (Apple and/or Android). Internal coordination of efforts across multiple functional areas (project implementation & design management) including: Operations, Finance, Accounting, IT (AS400/.NET), Business Intelligence (Galileo development), Marketing, Pharma Sales, Implementation, and Data Warehouse & Reporting. IT requirement documentation and coordination of UAT testing for: Turning Point (AS400) enhancements, client requested Web Portals (.NET), Galileo reporting (Business Objects) and Galileo dashboards (Xcelsius/Flash). Existing and prospective client relationship management inclusive of: Identification of evolving program/product requirements, Development and packaging of new product offerings, Communication of implementation status. Comprehensive design and maintenance of new and existing data sources (Business Objects data universes, third party data sources, etc.). Demonstrate exceptional leadership and organizational skills when communicating to prospective and existing customers. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience. 5-8 years relevant work experience required or 3-5 years with a Master’s degree in a related field. Experience in 3PL, Distribution or a Pharmaceutical related organization strongly preferred. Business Objects XI. MS Office. Experience with Xcelsius. Apple or Android development tools preferred. Outstanding organizational and communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills with both external and internal clients. Ability to lead projects involving multiple functional areas to meet critical deadlines. Technical knowledge to translate vague customer requirements/requests into actionable and well-defined IT requirements. Creatively minded in the identification of new potential products and revenue streams. Strong analytical skills. ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT Do you enjoy melding the here and now with the future - and charting the path to get there? Our strategy and programs teams are on the ground level leading design and implementation of IT delivery and organizational models. From strategizing around innovative technologies and Agile methodologies, to new governance and funding models, and identifying strategies to attract remarkable talent, this group drives a key component of our success: technology. Vision and execution starts here. ABOUT EXPRESS SCRIPTS Advance your career with the company that makes it easier for people to choose better health. Express Scripts is a leading healthcare company serving tens of millions of consumers. We are looking for individuals who are passionate, creative and committed to creating systems and service solutions that promote better health outcomes. Join the company that Fortune magazine ranked as one of the "Most Admired Companies" in the pharmacy category. Then, use your intelligence, creativity, integrity and hard work to help us enhance our products and services. We offer a highly competitive base salary and a comprehensive benefits program, including medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, 401(k) with company match, life insurance, paid time off, tuition assistance and an employee stock purchase plan. Express Scripts is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background investigation. Express Scripts is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.