Requisition ID: 188221 Work Area: Human Resources Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. KEY OBJECTIVE: The Global Sales HR Business Partner will consult, align, coach and drive measurable business impact with mid & senior level executives within SAP Global Sales – while providing continual consultation to the leadership team on leadership, management, organization and 2018 – 2019 people strategy priorities. This trusted advisor will collaborate with the Business, Finance, Operations and the Global HR Service Delivery / Centers of Excellence orgs in order to execute against both the Business Strategy and the People Strategy – leveraging SAP’s One Team of HR programs and specialists around to global to bring best-in-class HR offerings to bear on their assigned client LOBs. This role directly reports to the VP of HR. HRBP OF THE FUTURE (Starts Today!): _HR Strategist_ : Help shape the future by partnering with their executive clients leaders to answer the question: Where are we going? _Execution-oriented Business Transformation Consultant:_ Will make things happen. HRBP Executors will translate strategy into action. They improve attraction, development, retention and engagement offerings to help their Global Sales clients do the same. They focus on getting things done. _Team & Organizational Development expert:_ Who are the right people for client’s organization? Global Sales Leaders that optimize today’s talent are referred to as _talent managers_. They understand what skills are required to carry out their mission, and they know how to attract the right talent to their organization. _Workforce Planning & Insights Leader:_ Who stays and sustains the next generation? This HRBP must partner with Sales leaders to become _human capital developers_. They will ensure long-term leadership development and focus on assuring the growth and progress of their organization. They can spot future talent and understand how to develop those who possess it. _Invest in Yourself:_ HRBPs are learners and learn from their successes and from failures, they read books, participate in SAP Learning offerings and learn from life itself. Effective HRBPs inspire loyalty and goodwill in their clients because they themselves act with integrity and trust. They are decisive and have a passion for making bold and courageous moves. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES : Provides strategic HR consulting, support and services to Global Sales business units in alignment with SAP & the assigned organizations’ business strategy and their People & Organization Strategy. Acts as a trusted advisor on all strategic people and organizational related topics, with a strong focus on Talent, Organization Development & Effectiveness, Business Transformation as well as Leadership and People Sustainability. Provides thought-leadership, acts as culture change steward and contributes to enhancement of talent management and leadership capabilities. Handles employee relations matters, in addition to acting as a coach/counsel to employees and managers in highly sensitive, confidential or complex situations. Collaborates with existing social partners, where appropriate. Champions our 2018 HR Run Simple model and our SuccessMaps Cloud solution for sustainable client adoption, development and growth WORK EXPERENCE & SKILLS: At least 8 years overall working experience with 5 years as a HRBP or comparable working experience. Additional Experience in different areas of HR preferred: Compensation and Talent/Leadership development in particular. Strong analytical, problem solving and facilitation skills Ability to execute on key strategies and drive results to completion (Execution) Demonstrated expertise in coaching, conflict resolution, influencing, relationship and team building Superior verbal and written communication skills EDUCATION: Strong educational background with Bachelor’s/4-year degree. Advanced / Master’s degree preferred. LOCATION: Newtown Square preferred, other US office locations will be considered. WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: Virtual - USA