About LEWIS We are an entrepreneurial integrated communications agency that has gone from start-up to multi-national in twenty three years. We now rank among the top 40 agencies worldwide with 29 offices, 550 employees and revenue of $64m and rising. Our success is due to a combination of factors: talented people delivering award winning campaigns; expanding client relationships into new markets and services; making strategic acquisitions. Our people, agency and campaigns have not gone unnoticed. We have won many prestigious awards in the last 18 months including Cannes Lions, Holmes Report, ICCO, PRCA. Central to our growth has been our policy of reinvestment, with the majority of profits returning to the company to propel development. We can do this because we are independent and 100% employee-owned. As we enter the next phase of growth, our challenge is not to lose any of our character and values. We will communicate a clear and visible brand in the marketplace. We will continue to promote our entrepreneurialism, agility, creativity, crediblity and professionalism. We will ensure that we inspire and help our clients to shape tomorrow. It’s an exciting future, and we believe we are at the start of something truly remarkable in our industry. What we look for in our people Agile, bold, collaborative, inquisitive and spirited. These are our values and what we look for in every person at LEWIS. As we evolve, grow and expand, we want people that recognise the need to think differently. To understand the full marketing communications mix, even if a specialist in a particular aspect. We want all our people, whether a paid media specialist or social media strategist, graphic designer or analytics manager to have an appreciation of the wide and deep capabilities available to clients that work with LEWIS. We want our people to be agile to opportunities; bold in their approach; collaborate with colleagues across different services or offices to deliver amazing work; keep learning and challenging the norm; be spirited and committed to develop themselves, their colleagues and the agency. Purpose of role As an intern in LEWIS's Burlington office, you'll be given a hands-on role in the operations of a leading PR firm. This experience will be crucial if you are considering a career in PR or marketing communications. Your role will be to provide administrative support to the PR executives in their daily duties with tasks including collaborating on research projects, report generation and maintenance as well as general office tasks. In short, you'll be run off your feet, so only apply if you like being busy. Lots of energy and a great attitude are a must. Fluency in English is essential. You should be interested in the media and technology. About you Recent college graduate with relative degree or working towards undergraduate degree in a related field with an above average GPA Previous PR internship a plus but not required Ability to prioritize work assignments Knowledge of technology and passionate about media High energy and ambitious Self-motivated with proactive attitude Strong work ethic Outstanding written and verbal communication skills Team-oriented with strong sense of humor Can commit to at least 6 months