We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our digital and analytics team to bring the best solutions to our clients. The location for the position is flexible, although ideal locations are Atlanta, Chicago, Phoenix or New York. The ideal candidate is capable of uncovering insights out of hidden information, using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization, and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must be adept to communicate effectively across different levels of an organization with the ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. This person will be working across all Arcadis business lines (departments). The individual will be responsible for the following job functions: Manage scope, schedule and deliverables of complex digital projects and programs Lead complex, multi-disciplinary internal and external projects. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks, communicating to project stakeholders and strategic external partners. Perform and manage tasks related to regular business data analysis, process analysis and reporting on financial/operational metrics Conduct comparative analysis, and provide analytical support to clients and key stakeholders Support the client with benchmarking, root cause and predictive analysis of data Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Provide ad-hoc query support through custom report generation and analysis Design data management and governance processes Command a strong understanding of data models, metadata and reporting standards associated with the project Analyze, understand, and document the flow of information between applications, databases, and third party (client/vendor) systems for data and reporting. Maintain documentation on metadata and data flows, so reporting processes can be controlled and replicated Aggregate and manipulate large data sets from multiple sources through basic consolidation, statistical analysis and trending Perform data validation QA/QC throughout the data transformation, analyses, and distillation process to prevent error/control drift Prepare presentations in the client’s format and to their specifications Present the data to the client at a high-level (key metrics) while understanding the influence of the underlying variables Work on cross departmental projects and possess good communication skills Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Proactively solve problems, suggest process improvements, identify risks, and recommend actions to mitigate risks, work as a team player, deal with conflict, handle ambiguity and learn on the job Focus on providing the highest level of client satisfaction through delivery of quality services Be a forerunner of new technology features that can support the team and stakeholders to be more efficient. Assist with digital transformation, empowering colleagues and clients do more and be better with the right use of data and technology. Required Qualifications Minimum years of work experience: 0-2 Education required: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, statistics, math, or related field. Great communication skills Proficiency in at least one business intelligence tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, Spotfire Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL) to manipulate data. Working knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.), and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical learning). Experience querying databases Experience with SAS, ETL, data processing, database programming, and data analytics Required Driving Statement This position requires a current valid driver’s license and clean driving record. Preferred Qualifications Prior internship experience in data analytics.