Multicultural Analytics and Insights Manager-180027672 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Reporting to the Head of Multicultural, Personalization, and Workforce Analytics on the Enterprise Data and Analytics (ERA) team, this individual will provide multicultural business intelligence guidance, data visualization, and analytics to provide insights to the business leaders of the multicultural initiative. This person will consult with multicultural business partners to understand business needs and provide analytical services that include opportunity sizing, product penetration, campaign impact measurement, and dashboard development. The ideal candidate should be very client-focused, drive for results, be able to synthesize data and analysis, and present findings based on a solid foundation of supporting data, reporting, and analytical rigor. This work will include the development of insights into dashboard prototypes, story-telling, and presenting utilizing emerging data visualization analytics tools and techniques. This position will also manage and help develop one multicultural data analyst who supports the same initiative. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience Six to eight years of statistical analytics experience Preferred Skills and Experience Experience in SQL/SAS (or similar language/tool) for querying data and for data manipulation and transformation Experience in analytics, reporting, and predictive modeling Strong technical skills with the ability to extract, combine, organize, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets Strong project and client management skills, and experience managing direct reports Experience turning complex, technical results into actionable business insights Experience working in the banking industry and/or with multicultural customer analytics Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield Other Locations United States Shift 1st - Daytime Travel No Average Hours Per Week 40