Job Field: LOSC - Logistics, Supply Chain & Customer Service Location: Southfield, MI, US Company: BASF Corporation Job Type: Standard Job ID: EN_US_1803832 We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Description At BASF, we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in, and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development. And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Employers in 2017. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future! Distribution Manager (1803832) – Southfield, MI Where the Chemistry Happens We are seeking a professional like you to lead the management of distribution activities supporting the Coatings business in the N.A. region. Will serve as the key business contact to corporate and third party logistics providers (Transportation, Warehouses and Returnable Packaging) and management of the Refinish Field Warehouse distribution network. The position reports to the Director of Supply Chain. This role is responsible for developing and executing our distribution strategy and ensuring optimal cost and delivery management via services provided in the following areas: North American Coatings Tote Fleet. This person will manage the supply and demand for 10,000 Returnable Packages (stainless steel totes) to keep the tote fleet fully utilized and balanced. Incumbent will work with Regional & Global teams to implement and maintain SAP Tote Tracking functionality. Vendor Management: This position will manage the relationship with 8-10 key vendors. This person will interface with Quality, Technical, Analytical, and Mfg. teams to ensure clearly defined and effective processes are followed so clean totes are delivered to our production sites. Person will define and monitor metrics for cost, delivery, quality, audits. Transportation and Freight Cost Analysis: Monitor monthly cost and budget data to ensure department and business objectives are met. Evaluate opportunities for cost savings and service improvements. Work with Commercial support and Product Management to deliver RFQ’s for potential new business or to improve current routing / use of carriers. Project Management: On an ongoing basis this person will lead or be a member of large, cross functional projects as well as several smaller ones. This will involve developing project plans, identifying risks and opportunities, and driving decisions to completion. People Development: This person has direct and indirect responsibility for many people across the region. It is critical strong relationships are maintained and close coordination and communication regularly take place. To be successful the “best team” concept must be pursued with an emphasis on talent development. Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent Formula for Success Leveraging your educational and professional background in Business, Supply Chain, Packaging or a related field, you will manage a complex Distribution environment, in a multi-channel supply chain network. Your strong knowledge of Supply Chain Management and Manufacturing concepts is essential as you will identify and implement improvements in department Supply Chain Management policies, processes, and procedures. Leveraging your experience managing a remote team of cross-functional professionals, you will encourage team members to strive for operational excellence by continually challenging old methods or ways of thinking and taking responsible risks to maximize results; as a role model, you will promote innovative thinking and in focusing on quality within work. A passion for continuous improvement and expertise in Kaizen leadership and Lean principles will be ideal; Six Sigma or formal Lean training would be plus Leveraging your leadership experience you will lead in the development and execution of Distribution processes and Network design and strategy You will strive to achieve world-class supply chain, warehousing, forward and reverse logistics operations. Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry. The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career. BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job.