Are you a Match? We have an immediate need for a professional with a solution focused mindset to help our customers solve business challenges through the use of technology. The ideal consultant is an individual who wants to be part of an energetic, innovative and successful team. The Sparkhound analytics team needs business-savvy, experienced data platform & analytics professionals to help our clients find solutions to their most pressing problems.We are a “get it done,” cross discipline group that supports the full analytics life-cycle including: business consulting, data integration, visualization, data science, and integration with Enterprise IT. All of our consultants work directly with clients, and we all code – even our senior leadership We need business-savvy, client facing analytics professionals with advanced training in data science and hands on experience using the Tableau platform.In addition to Tableau, you should be willing to learn whatever tools our customers choose, including Power BI, SQL Server, Python, Spark, or whatever it takes to get the job done! As an Analytics Consultant you will Execute business intelligence and analytics projects for our clients. Solve business problems in multiple areas including sales, marketing supply chain, performance management, operations management, etc. Function as a hands-on data analyst. Create dashboards, reports, and spreadsheets that solve business problems using Tableau, Microsoft, or other tools. Create data models that support Ad Hoc reporting including dimensional data warehouses, column-store data marts, and traditional middleware like SQL Server Analysis Services and Tableau Data Sets. Design, test, and implement data integration software. Design, test, and implement descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive studies using appropriate machine learning and data science techniques. Be an expert in the Tableau ecosystem, including Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, & Tableau Online, but willing to learn others including Microsoft, Apache, and SAP. Work with Sparkhound technical architects from other domains to design and implement solutions that perform well at scale. Assist the larger Sparkhound community to manage projects, test information systems, and implement solutions across all our lines of business. Other duties as assigned. Professional Qualifications: 4-year degree (or work experience equivalent) with 3+ years of experience executing business intelligence and analytics projects. MBA or Master's Degree with advanced training in modern analytics techniques preferred. At least 1 full year's experience working with Tableau in a professional setting. Tableau Qualified Associate and / or Certified Professionals required, or ability to obtain a Tableau Qualified Associate credential within 3 weeks of employment with Sparkhound. Special Skills: 3+ years of experience with business intelligence and analytics technologies including Tableau. Strong analysis skills backed by experience with big data, cloud computing, ERP systems, and data visualization tools. Experience implementing machine learning and data science techniques including but not limited to: linear regression, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks, SVMs, etc., using Python or R. Advanced knowledge of information systems, metrics, and reports for Financial, Workforce, Sales & Marketing business functions. Understanding of visualization techniques including bar graphs, line graphs, box and whisker plots, tree maps, scatterplots, histograms, Pareto charts, control charts, small multiples, sparklines, and when such visualizations should be used. Understanding of relational, dimensional, and entity modeling techniques including Kimball data warehousing and willingness to develop expertise. Expert level knowledge of Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server and /or Tableau Online. Expert level knowledge of Microsoft Excel. Expert level ability to create data models using Tableau and supporting data integration toolsets like Alteryx. Strong, working knowledge of SQL. A demonstrated interest in and knowledge of other architectures including Apache (Hadoop, Spark, Kafka), Tableau, SAS, SAP, etc. Strong written and oral communication skills. _Sparkhound Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected characteristics._