About Slalom Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 5,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2016 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Delivery Network One of our fastest-growing capabilities is our Cross-Market Delivery Network, which uses agile engineering to deliver custom-built digital products and solutions. The centers, which are located near local Slalom offices to support clients and teams in the same or adjacent time zones, provide regional remote delivery capabilities at scale. Strategic partners include Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, Salesforce, Tableau, and Google Cloud. Job Title: Data Architect Slalom is running a Cloud Data Academy aimed to cross train a traditional Business Intelligence Architect on the latest data and cloud technologies. The successful candidate will have a strong data architecture background, and a passion to learn all things cloud. Who You Are: You are a passionate, self-driven problem solver who loves taking on new challenges, and wants to work with the latest data and cloud technologies. You tinker, explore and regularly read to stay in touch with the development community and are passionate about discovering ways to improve quality, re- usability, extensibility and consistency. You are multi-faceted with a great mix of technical and interpersonal skills, which enables you to succeed in highly collaborative and agile work environments. Responsibilities: Lead analysis, architecture, design and development of cloud data warehouse and business intelligence solutions Be a member of a growing team; help define and influence team culture & environment Work on a wide range of projects for the world’s top companies Work on solution-based, outcome-oriented projects with a highly skilled team Get the benefits of a consulting environment while remaining connected to a core team Mentor other team members Leverage past experience to work with the latest technologies and delivery methodologies Work in a fast-paced, agile project environment with small, focused teams Willingness to travel up to 50%, at peak times of projects Qualifications: 5+ years of data warehouse development experience Proficiency in relational database architecture, design and development Familiarity with multiple database environments and tools Experience leading data oriented developers and projects Experience in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, and/or Go Proficiency in SQL Proficiency with both Linux and Windows Knowledge of agile methodologies Familiarity with QA processes and test-driven development Strong problem-solving and analytical skills Ability to work cross-functionally in a fast-paced and rapidly changing work environment Demonstrated ability to deliver high quality products that meet customer's needs Passionate about learning new technologies Display a passion for data and analytics and a drive to improve technically Preferred Skills: Previous experience in a consulting environment Familiar with NoSQL databases - MongoDB, CouchDB, or Cassandra _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law._