Job Description As an experienced network engineer, you will ensure operational performance of our global network and data centers in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. You will work with a team of expert engineers and architects responsible for the complete ownership of our global network infrastructure. You will be working on the design, deployment, and operations of our global private network backbone and data center networks. It is an exciting time at Arkadin to be a network engineer. Multiple transformation and upgrade projects are currently underway that promise to provide interesting and challenging work and a great environment for skill and career development. This position provides the opportunity to work on core data center and WAN/backbone technologies (BGP, MPLS, MBGP VPN, IPv6) as well as network security on a global scale. Network automation and tools (Salt, Python) are also a core focus of the network engineering team. Arkadin’s network engineers strive for engineering excellence through purity and elegance of design. This usually means keeping things as simple as possible rather than creating unnecessary layers of abstraction or complexity. There is still much work to do to achieve this and we are seeking a candidate who can help us maintain a high level of engineering excellence. In this role you will: Work collaboratively with a global team on engineering operations, design, and support o Install, configure, and maintain network equipment and services such as routers, switches, firewalls, VPN endpoints, and Linux servers o Perform network maintenance and upgrades o Ensure network performance with monitoring o Troubleshooting network issues and outages o Implement network security policies Proactively update documentation, troubleshooting playbooks, policies, and procedures Use and create automation tools to deploy and operate the network And more generally, perform any tasks required to ensure proper network operations This position requires participation in a 24/7 on call rotation as well as occasional availability to perform network maintenances on the weekend. Qualifications At least 5 years experience working with routing and switching protocols o BGP o MBGP (MPLS) VPN o OSPF o Spanning-tree Protocol Strong troubleshooting skills Fundamentals of IPv6 Configuration of JunOS and Cisco IOS Knowledge of Juniper MX, QFX, and SRX platforms Linux administration and security Network security Technical writing skills including creation of high and low-level network designs Previous experience working with data center and service provider networks is a plus Python scripting is a plus Knowledge of orchestration frameworks such as Salt and Ansible is a plus Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.