At Google, data drives all of our decision-making, and our HR organization is no exception. The People Analytics team acts as an internal innovation lab, using analytical approaches to make sure Google continues to be a great place to work. The team provides critical support to the business around issues of organizational health and is responsible for not just taking the pulse of our Googlers, but harnessing Googler feedback to drive change for the better. As an analyst you'll be detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and curious. You're a strong problem-solver, who uses both quantitative and qualitative methods to get things done. And on top of it all, you're someone who wonders "What if?" and then seeks out the solution. As a People Analytics Manager for the Workforce Planning and Organization Health team, you’ll be responsible for shaping our thinking on how we effectively grow the organization over time to achieve the key business goals by by effectively utilizing the available levers (e.g. hiring, organization shape, location strategy, promotion rates, attrition, overall cost, etc). You'll work with a variety of stakeholders across the company to drive projects in this area. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Design a data driven, yet practical approach to define strategies. Create a framework to track overall health of organizations over time. Partner with HR and Finance Leaders to identify organizations that benefit from a proactive workforce planning engagements. Present ideas to Leaders to get buy in for projects. Act as the central project manager for cross-functional teams consisting of Analysts, Finance Partners, HR partners and others. Drive changes that lead towards long term goals and track overall progress of various efforts. Become a spokesperson and go-to person for the organization on all things related to workforce planning. Build a healthy, respectful and inclusive culture on the team. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in economics, statistics, finance, social science, psychology, or another field that uses quantitative analysis, or equivalent practical experience. Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing client relationships, and presenting to audiences. Experience using a quantitative or qualitative approach to create solutions. Experience managing a team. Preferred qualifications: Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies to measure the effectiveness of programs, interventions, and efforts for a large organization. Experience in workforce planning or organizational health design. Ability to work with multiple data sources and combining relevant information to generate insights from analyses; creating effective presentations. Ability to think big and holistically with a bias to action and experience with dealing with ambiguity. Demonstrated leadership presence, with a proven ability to inspire followership across all levels of the organization, and track record of influencing senior leaders. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.