Duties: Work on data integration design and development. Utilize Ab Initio, Informatica and Java as well as Data Quality tools (Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) and Informatica Developer) throughout the Software lifecycle management using Jira and ALM. Build data integration design and technical specifications, in alignment with Data Integration (DI) technical architecture and framework, based on business functional and non-functional requirements. Design, build and unit test the DI application modules with Abinitio, Informatica, IDQ, DB2/ Oracle, K Shell scripting and Control M scheduling. Perform development activities such as Source to target mapping validations. Identify, document and execute unit test cases/scripts, peer and lead code reviews per code review checklist, document test and review results. Support QA on functional test case review, functional/system testing and UAT testing. Perform DI application/module deployment employing change management policies and procedures and support through the deployment in higher environments. Support the ‘Run the Engine’/L2 application support activities and incident resolutions in Production. Achieve deliverables according to agreed to terms for scope, cost, quality and schedule. Collaborate with BA’s, data architects, application leads, QA analyst and production support, through SDLC. Work on application development process, identify and document gaps as process and code enhancement opportunities. Report/Share weekly status of application development, SDLC phase risks and opportunities with work stream leads and project managers. Minimum education required: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related technical field. Minimum experience required: 5 years of experience in application development, or related experience. Skills required: Must have experience in designing and building Extract Transform Load (ETL) applications using Abinitio product suite such as GDE, EME, Continuous Flows, and Conduct>IT. Must have experience developing data warehousing applications using Informatica Product suite such as Power Center Designer, and Workflow Manager. Must have experience profiling Data for Quality issues and creating Score cards using tools such as Informatica Data Quality and Informatica Developer. Must have experience developing applications using Java/J2EE technologies stack. Must have experience building PL/SQL Scripts for Oracle. Must have experience creating scheduling jobs using Autosys and Control-M. Must have experience developing Kornshell Scripts in Unix. Must have experience with version control and code promotion tools such as SVN and GIT. Must have experience in AGILE Methodology of Software development using tools such as JIRA. Employer will accept any amount of professional experience with the required skills.