Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers to places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We have a unique capability to harmonize the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Do you always strive to learn? Are you insatiably curious and do you lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you share and build on other’s ideas, because we are better together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation? Then come to Microsoft - Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us Responsibilities As a Threat Protection Specialist, you will: Drive the technical decision at the customer to buy, architect, develop and adopt solutions based on Microsoft technology: Be the expert source of information for the sales team in mapping customer security initiatives and strategies to requirements supported with Microsoft solutions and develop strong business justifications Explain, demonstrate, and prove in-depth what Microsoft Threat Protection solutions can do and how to deploy them by driving technical presentations, demonstrations, Architecture & Design Sessions, Proofs of Concept and Pilots, leveraging sellers in partner organizations or Microsoft Services as needed Provide pre-sales technical support to enable customers and partners to architecture, develop, deploy and use our security solutions Lead security, privacy, and compliance discussions Act with superior customer focus in mind as an integral member of Microsoft sales teams in generating excitement to fill and accelerate the sales pipeline using deep technical expertise in the core domain as well as in adjacent technologies Be the connection and orchestration point for other technical resources: Provide leadership on threat protection in technical and seller communities within Microsoft and among key partners to help educate them on security offerings, positioning, and joint selling strategies Engage with other field resources, Services, Partners, Cybersecurity and Product development to provide feedback on current and future product requirements, including customer impact Communicate competitive intelligence from the field Communicate and escalate technical, architectural and competitive blockers and insight to their appropriate channel Develop partner engagements for driving the sale, deployment, and adoption of Microsoft solutions Orchestrate cross-workload solutions with other technical resources (internaly and from Partner) for other Microsoft products and services Stay sharp and share your knowledge: Maintain and expand personal, technical, competitive, sales and deployment lifecycle readiness in a service oriented world Participate in internal Microsoft technical communities and in the broader industry through events, blogs, whitepapers, and articles for your domain. Qualifications Professional Industry Experience. 7+ years’ experience enterprise technology sales with a focus on security in enterprise scenarios (preferred) Technical Depth. 5+ years technical pre-sales experience, consultative design, implementation, and/or support of security solution sales (preferred) Excellent Communicator. Strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, product demo, written, and verbal communication skills with 5+ years of success in managing complex selling processes and managing various customers’ stakeholder relationships (primary: TDM, secondary: BDM) to get consensus on solutions and projects (required) Executive Presence. Proven experience engaging with C- level executives with ability to articulate and demonstrate security solutions to senior business, technical decision makers, and front-line technologists (preferred) Performer. Highly driven person who consistently exceeds goals and expectations (required) Collaborative Creativity. Able to work cohesively with members of the sales & services field, partners, and corporate sales, engineering, and marketing (required) Exceptional problem-solving mentality leveraging internal and external resources when needed (required) Travel required: 50% Technical Experience with integration between on-premises and cloud solutions to meet customer requirements (preferred) Understanding security approaches and customer concerns around cloud architecture (required) Working knowledge of specific Microsoft Security Technologies and other standards (preferred) Experience with protecting perimeter, devices and data from external threats using a variety of security technologies (required) Deep technical experience in one or more of the following areas: (required) Managing threat vectors from physical networking, web based attacks (such as phishing), threat response best practices Device based threat management capabilities such as localized firewalls etc. Restrictive access network methodologies and appropriate secure traffic solutions Modern threats from DDOS and other denial or service based vectors Securing customer data from ransomware, malware and software based vectors, as well as operational practices to mitigate risk against them Education Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field (required) At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.