At Boston Children’s Hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. It’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced. In major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness. And in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. As a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, our reach is global and our impact is profound. Join our Anesthesia Department and discover how your talents can change lives. Yours included. This Applications Developer will be responsible for: Designing, implementing, and maintaining ETL processes to gather and analyze information from different hospital databases and datasets. Creating reports and visualizations to fulfill requests from clinicians, researchers, and administrators using a variety of database and analytic technologies. Modeling database needs based on project requirements and maintaining data dictionaries and documentation associated with these data models. Identifying performance bottlenecks in legacy databases and ETL processes; proposing and implementing changes to existing code to address these issues. Working directly with a diverse userbase, including clinicians, clinical researchers, and administrators in the department to understand requirements and needs and provide solutions. Working alongside a team of analysts and developers to understand a project’s clinical characteristics and implement technical solutions. To qualify, you must have: Proficiency writing SQL queries and designing database models (1-3 years of experience required). Familiarity with the design and implementation of data collection systems and ETL processes in a Production environment (1-3 years of experience required). Programming expertise in a scripting language such as R, Python, or Scala (1+ year(s) of experience preferred). Experience building dynamic visualizations using the toolsets listed above (1+ year(s) of experience preferred). Strong analytical and communication skills, with great attention to detail and accuracy. An ability to understand the real-world context behind technical questions and requirements. A strong focus on customer service and the ability to work with clinicians and administrators with no technical background. Experience with ETL products such as Informatica or Pentaho; reporting tools such as Jasper, Crystal Reports, Microstrategy, or Tableau; and statistical software a plus. As a key team member, you will have a lasting impact on the team’s culture, productivity, and success. We think you’ll love it here if you are: Inspired to leverage data science to further research in the healthcare industry. Interested in learning what it takes to solve difficult problems and choosing the appropriate toolset to create a solution. Interested in being part of a team, working with both technical and non-technical peers. Self-motivated and disciplined to work both independently and in a group setting. Boston Children’s Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including a, affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off). Flexible schedule (if applicable). Discover your best. Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.