Full Stack Engineer Position Overview We are seeking a seasoned full-stack software engineer to lead our Proof-of- Concept (POC) software development efforts. The engineer in this role will be expected to perform hands-on coding but will also be responsible for design and architecture. The position entails development of potentially large-scale web and mobile software systems interfacing with cutting-edge AI (Artificial Intelligence) technologies as directed by the requirements set forth by POC projects. The position entails participation in or leadership of agile development processes, starting with the analysis of backlog items, rapid development and documentation of code during sprints and communication with the Data Science team. Responsibilities: Gather and evaluate POC requirements from internal and external stakeholders. Breakdown concepts and requirements to strict engineering tasks. Design and develop new proof of concept products using standard open-source tools and technologies. Minimum requirements: BS in Computer Science or related technical equivalent. Versatile software engineer with broad experience in a wide range of open source technologies. Experience with one back-end language: Python, Scala/Java or Go. Experience with front-end UI languages: HTML5, CSS and JavaScript. Experience in the development of Web APIs using any framework allowing web-service or RESTful endpoints. Experience in applications with back-end and/or database components. Deep understanding of data design and system integration. Expertise with source control tools (Git) and project management tools (Jira). Prior experience with Scrum teams developing customer facing web applications. Willingness and ability to quickly learn new tools and methodologies highly desired. Excellent communication and documentation skills. Desired experience Experience using Amazon Web Service capabilities such as S3, Cloudfront and EC2. Experience with NoSQL database technologies, including MongoDB, Cassandra and ElasticSearch. Familiarity or working knowledge of machine learning tool sets and/or algorithms. Familiarity of UI frameworks such as AngularJS and ReactJS. Familiarity of modern messaging frameworks such as Kafka, Pulsar and/or RabbitMQ. About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.