Forward is redesigning the delivery of healthcare from the ground up. We combine the best of modern technology (chatbots, sensors and artificial intelligence) with exceptional people to provide world-class care. We need a skilled, bold leader to build operational teams that keep up with our growth. You'll solve tough, ambiguous problems and create high performing teams. As our Head of Operations, you’ll have a foundational role in rebuilding our country’s most important industry from first principles. We were founded in January 2016 by former executives and engineering leaders from Google and Uber, and are funded by some of the world's best investors and entrepreneurs including Founder's Fund, Khosla Ventures, First Round Capital, Eric Schmidt (Google/Alphabet Chairman), Marc Benioff (Salesforce Founder), Joe Lonsdale (Palantir Founder), and Garrett Camp (Uber co-Founder). You can read our story here and some recent press USA Today, Forbes & TechCrunch. WHAT YOU'LL DO: Partner with business leaders to improve and scale the business: identify growth opportunities and implement new solutions, lead our expansion strategy and execute that strategy, & build the systems and teams that scale our service offering to meet customer expectations during exponential growth. Use your business judgement to define and deliver success metrics. Solve ambiguous problems. WHO YOU ARE: Impactful - You’re deeply mission-driven, and you think there’s more to life than software that enables puppy ears to be superimposed in photos. (Although we agree those are cute.) Entrepreneurial - You’re a self-starter who loves to own things end-to-end. You don’t ask for permission - you make it happen. A Team Builder - You don't just manage people, you build teams. You know how to make those around you better. You take care of your teammates. A Problem Solver - You've solved ambiguous problems by applying frameworks to get to the first principles, aligning resources on the goal, executing, learning, and adapting. > 8 years of experience. Startup experience is a major plus. Why Join Forward? We don’t want to just move dollars around the healthcare industry - we want to rebuild it and fix it. All of it. You’d be a major part of the story behind one of the most ambitious startup attempts of the past decade and you’d work with a team of people who want to use their talents for good.