Evaluate and assess risks to safeguard the financial assets of the company. Understand and protect the financial health of the company by making sound business recommendations. Calculate renewal rates using appropriate rating formulas and procedures and analyze projected financial impacts. Validate that the final renewal rates and associated packaging is correct and ensuring quality in rate releases. Calculate quarterly and annual settlements. Prepare ERISA reports. Create quotes for customers using demographic characteristics and/or claims experience. Analyze participation levels, contribution methodology, industry classification and other carrier information available. Provide support to Rating & Underwriting Analyst II’s and Senior Rating & Underwriting Analysts in explaining the components of rate changes to internal and external stakeholders (customers, sales, agents, consultants and employer groups). Apply underwriting and rating policies when reviewing exception requests and prepare recommendations to leaders that includes financial and operational impacts. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree with a major in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics or related field required. Previous internship or experience in accounting, financial analysis or underwriting preferred Ability to analyze financial data and prepare summary reports required. Good understanding of mathematics principals and their practical applications required. Good verbal and written communication skills required. Strong organizational skills including the ability to handle multiple tasks and timelines. Knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint required. MS Access & Visual Basic preferred. Knowledge of rating systems and mainframe applications preferred but not required. Knowledge of sales distribution channel preferred but not required Knowledge of Federal and State laws and regulations related to health care delivery systems (HMO, PPO, ACO, etc.) preferred but not required. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Underwriting Primary Location Detroit Organization Underwriting & Actuarial Trend-1122 Schedule Full-time