Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first and largest cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Statistical Center for HIV/AIDS Research & Prevention (SCHARP) at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, WA is seeking a highly motivated and effective Senior Manager to lead SCHARP’s Data Analytics Unit (DAU) and provide the unit with technical guidance and vision. The DAU is made of approximately 45 biostatisticians and statistical programming employees that work in conjunction with other SCHARP units to manage multiple international clinical trials across all phases including regulatory submission studies. The DAU has responsibility for coordinating the statistical design, reporting, and analysis of clinical trial protocols. The Senior Manager, Data Analytics Unit (DAU) is a member of SCHARP’s Senior Management Team and partners with the SCHARP Director, other unit heads, and the DAU’s Statistical Managers to develop department-wide strategy, vision, mission, infrastructure, policies, and standards. The Senior Manager, DAU reports to the SCHARP Director. Responsibilities The Senior Manager, DAU is responsible for providing overall management of the unit and supervision of statistical managers and senior statistical associates. In addition, he or she oversees resources and priorities to support workflows in the unit and across SCHARP. The Senior Manager, DAU is the strategic and organizational manager responsible for ensuring that the unit is operating effectively and that it meets the requirements of the research studies in a regulatory compliant manner. Leadership Provide strategic, organizational, and operational management and guidance to the Data Analytics Unit. Collaborate with the other SCHARP Unit Heads to create and implement overall organizational vision and strategic direction. Foster and promote the long-term development of the Data Analytics Unit, work closely with the SCHARP Director, senior management team, and the DAU’s statistical managers to define ways in which the DAU contributes to the advancement of SCHARP and to improve the operational effectiveness of the unit. Management Supervise Data Analytics Unit managers. Develop and maintain staff morale, engagement, and professional development. Monitor unit deliverables and related resources and timelines including communicating issues regarding conflicts and/or resource limitations. Monitor project and protocol workflows, capacity, priorities and staffing and represent the interests of the DAU as a member of SCHARP Senior Management Team. Change Management and Quality Assurance Lead departmental efforts to standardize work practices and develop standard operating procedures in conformance with GCP, GCDMP, and ICH guidelines, and that meets regulatory submission requirements, and CDISC standards. Oversee and ensure quality assurance in coordination with the Quality Management section. In partnership with SCHARP’s Business Support Services unit and the Project Management Steering Committee, prioritize and manage the implementation of SCHARP projects that intersect the DAU such as continuous quality improvement, operational effectiveness, and technical infrastructure improvement projects. Facilitates adoption of new and forward-thinking practices technologies and tools that improve the efficiency, effectiveness or the regulatory compliance of the unit. Evaluate and identify efficiencies and process improvements including leading infrastructure and technological upgrades as needed to improve unit intake, workflow, documentation and tracking, and project/protocol management. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications PhD or Master’s degree in public health, epidemiology, biostatistics or other health related or scientific field Minimum of 3 years management experience in a clinical research or healthcare organization Experienced and accomplished mentor, leader and manager Excellent organizational and communication skills Preferred Qualifications At least 5 years of experience managing a statistics group in a clinical research organization Proficiency in analysis and reporting of phase 1- 3 clinical trials Expertise in clinical trials data analytics and data management in a regulated environment Working knowledge of 21CFR-11, GCP, ICH, and FDA requirements Familiarity with CDISC: SDTM and ADaM standards Organizational change management experience Experience with strategic and operational planning Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.