Working for the NBC News Digital Business Intelligence team you will be expected to analyze complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers. Identify and interpret data integrity issues and work with development teams to create solutions to ensure correct data. Works across multiple organizations and establish both trust and credibility as a source our ‘truth’ in our data. Be familiar with both Web, Mobile App and OTT platforms as it relates to data collection and tools This position reports to the Head of Business Intelligence. Responsibilities: Report to Head of Business Intelligence with core responsibility of monitoring data integrity and gathering/analyzing data Identify data governance gaps that may present organizational barriers and find ways to close them Comfortable working within a culture of accountability and experimentation Work closely with internal stakeholders to implement solutions and generate reporting to meet our needs and align to company priorities Demonstrate critical thinking for potential roadblocks; comprehends bigger picture of the business and effectively communicates these issues to greater BI organization Collaborates with both the analytic organization and business owners to turn data into actionable business insights using self-service analytics and reporting tool Qualifications/Requirements Qualifications: Passion for media and/or news 3-5 years experience in Data Analytics, Business Intelligence or Web Analytics with at least 2 years in a similar role Experience in data visualization platforms (Tableau, Looker, DOMO, etc.) Experience with Observe Point or other web analytics data governance tools Advanced skill level using Excel Familiar with Agile team methodologies Experience with metrics and marketing platforms like Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Fabric/Crashlytics, etc Equally capable working as part of a team or independently Proficient with SQL or other data manipulation languages Sub-Business News Digital Career Level Experienced City Seattle State/Province Washington Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.