Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the Services Company of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our customers’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview Assembles orders and prepares goods for shipment. Receives and unpacks materials and supplies. Reports discrepancies for accounting, and record- keeping purposes. Relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job. Works under immediate supervision. Performs a variety of general picking, shipping and receiving duties. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The Warehouse Clerk is primarily responsible for: Handling of equipment and materials Picks material for orders in bulk Assemble products accurately, and in a timely manner using printed collates Prepares orders for shipments and completes paperwork Fill and seal packaged orders, and stack pallets to prevent damage in transit Complete shipping documents as required by collate (LTL BOL’s, Export Commercial Invoices, SED’s) (training required) Confirm shipments in computer system, and collect tracking data Take initiative to maintain the cleanliness and process efficiency for your area of work Work safely, and in compliance with all documented policies and procedures, and report any potential unsafe conditions to your supervisor immediately We are se eking candidates with the following experience and skills All Personnel Ability to perform duties and tasks with an awareness of all documented policies and procedures KPI to include the following Order Pickers: Total Orders picked Daily Order Pick Quality Cumulative group pick accuracy Auto-Checkers: Total Orders Checked Individual SN capture accuracy Cumulative group SN accuracy Ship Confirmation: Ship confirm accuracy Product weights recorded accurately Damages from pallet stacking Mis-sorts of service levels Special Shipment Processing: Correct account numbers billed Correct products shipped to correct locations Ship confirm accuracy At Zones, we take great pride in offering a full spectrum of comprehensive, flexible benefit programs to our employees: Medical/dental/vision coverage 401(k) plan with matching provision Life insurance Paid vacation time Financial protection benefits Group discounts & perks Wellness programs And more Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement opportunities to every applicant. Come join our team. Let’s talk.