Los Gatos, California Data Engineering and Infrastructure The Netflix product experience is what enables our members to enjoy Netflix across all types of devices around the world. Data-driven decisions and experimentation are central to Netflix’s product innovation approach. We are looking for a data engineering leader who can partner with analytics, product managers, & engineering to support product innovation at Netflix. Your team of data engineers will directly interact with product managers and analytics leaders to identify product opportunities. Whether your team builds smart & interactive analytical apps or aggregates & curates the largest data feeds at Netflix, you will have the opportunity to lead and grow a team of world class engineers. Responsibilities: Recruiting: You are constantly on the lookout for talent and have a knack for recognizing and attracting top-tier engineers to your team. You understand the importance of building an amazing team and the value it brings to the overall company. Feedback & Development: You see people’s strengths/weaknesses and are both gifted and courageous in talking with them about it. Visionary: You intuitively understand business and technology and you leverage that to guide a team providing relevant context and inspiration. Partnership: You establish strong relationships with both business and technical leaders across Netflix. Skills, Characteristics, and Technology: You're ambitious and willing to take action, but not stubborn. You recognize when you're wrong and move past your own mistakes. You’re not afraid of hard conversations and sharing your perspective. You’re a natural leader but your team & colleagues see your humility. You’re allergic to micromanagement. You prefer to give context, delegate, and watch amazing people exceed your hopes and expectations. You listen and communicate well. You have used big data technologies (i.e. Spark/MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig, etc…) at one point in your career and built large scale data pipelines You have experience working with data at extreme scale You have a software engineering background with significant coding experience (java, python, scala, etc...) You have used SQL and reporting tools at one point in your career and are analytically savvy. You work hard, and you have healthy boundaries. You know how to prioritize both your work and personal commitments without set boundaries or guidelines. Two more things to know: We expect a lot. Our culture is unique and we live by our values, so it's worth learning more about it at jobs.netflix.com/culture. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.