Job Description Software Developers at IBM Cloud Brokerage Services design, build and deploy complex, highly scalable and reliable Common Services across the entire Cloud Brokerage product suite. Delivered as a “as-a-Service” (including software and managed services), IBM Cloud Brokerage Services enables clients to adopt a new hybrid IT and multi- sourced operating model; specifically by brokering personalized cloud services from multiple providers throughout hybrid clouds using a single dashboard. You are a talented, passionate and experienced software engineer who will facilitate the development of the web UI for the IBM Cloud Brokerage product that powers Hybrid Cloud solutions for enterprises, on a platform that integrates public and private cloud services. Characterized by the quality of your contributions, the impact you make through technical expertise and innovation and the increased satisfaction you deliver to our clients will reflect your passion for technology. Your strong engineering skills will enable you to… Define and validate the architecture and the software design of the components and modules for implementation Design and implement components and features of the web UI using various front-end technologies, languages and frameworks Define together with the back-end engineers the REST APIs for the features of the services being built using JSON format (input and output) and implement the processing and translation of the API related data Use various tools to build and deploy the developed features into the micro-services architecture using Docker containers Collaborate with QA Engineers to define and write unit tests, while assisting with automated system testing Collaborate with Product Managers and Business Analysts to understand, refine and estimate the functional system requirements captured in user stories Collaborate with the UX team to understand and refine the UI visual design and user experience of the features Collaborate with all team members in an agile environment with related practices and tools Why are you qualified for this role? You are passionate about development and eliminating mundane and repetitive work. A systematic problem solver at heart, you are agile and adaptable in the face of changing and moving priorities – It’s in your DNA. You have experience with Agile and SCRUM methodologies for software development and delivery. You are able to recognize complex problems related to functional objectives quickly, analyze situations and implement solutions to fix them. You apply creativity and judgment to your developmental work on different projects, and jump at the chance to share your findings to make those around you better at what they do. Who You’ll Work With In short, our group builds custom solutions to bridge the gap between current and potential customers’ business / technical needs and functionalities of current Cloud Brokerage products. You’ll have the opportunity to work with a dynamic and independent team of engineers and other functions such as Architecture, QA, Product Management and Delivery to design and develop advanced capabilities You will work in a fast-paced Agile environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules for very big customers; ensuring that the proposed architecture is properly scoped and in- line with customer goals and business / technical requirements. IBM Cloud Brokerage Services provides optimum integration into Enterprise IT systems (e.g. Private Cloud, Traditional IT, Single Sign On, Service Management, Managed Services) in a dedicated instance for each customer… and we’re hiring. Join us. Keywords Python node NPM grunt JavaScript PaaS @IBMCloud SDLC ngrx webpack API Swagger Ansible Jenkins Ansible Chef Puppet @IBM_CTS XaaS GO SCRUM @caffeinate_adam IBMToday CICD webpack Docker sso Kubernetes SaaS IBMCTS_IIB AWS azure jquery nodejs Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years as a software developer building enterprise class software products 3+ years of relevant experience as a front-end developer, working with web technologies (including JavaScript/TypeScript) and frameworks Experience with at least one of the latest JavaScript related web frameworks: Angular (2, 4 or 5), React, Vue.js and tools (Node, NPM, Grunt etc.) Proficiency with building responsive web pages with HTML5, CSS and related frameworks (Bootstrap, Materialize, Carbon, etc.) Experience consuming and building RESTful APIs using JSON while developing implementation best practices Development experience with general software architecture and software design concepts to build commercial software products Experience with applications built on micro-services architecture and related technologies Strong verbal and written communication skills - ESPECIALLY for technical communication Experience with Agile, Scrum, Kanban and similar software development and delivery methodologies Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Expert JavaScript developer with recent experience in Angular 2 or Angular 4 framework and related techs (TypeScript, WebPack, ngrx, etc.) Advanced knowledge and relevant industry experience building complex enterprise products in one or more of these languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, NodeJS, Python, Java, GO, etc. Advanced architecture and software design knowledge, design patterns coupled with best practices for performance, reliability and optimization Experience writing unit tests and other UI automated tests with various test frameworks (like Karma, Protractor, etc.) Experience and interest in UI Design and UX concepts Experience with the micro-services architecture, software containers and related technologies (Docker containers, Docker Compose, Kubernetes, etc.) Practical working experience with cloud computing technologies (like VMware) and APIs for public cloud providers such as AWS, Azure and/or Softlayer EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.