Industry leading companies with impeccable infrastructure track records rely on ServerCentral. Whether its data centers in the US, Europe or Asia, we’re delivering industry-leading colocation, cloud, IP connectivity and managed services to some of the most respected and successful companies on the planet. All ServerCentral products and services are provided via unparalleled facilities and supported 24x7x365 by teams of experts. Equal parts technology and people, ServerCentral is truly unlike any other service provider. Using state of the art technology ServerCentral provides best in class dual stacked IP transit, and both local and wide area L2/L3 private transport. We’re looking for a self-starter who works well under high-level general guidance. The successful candidate will be responsible for maintaining good operations and optimizing ServerCentral’s global network, along with breaking new ground as we move forward. As part of the Network Engineering team, you will also be responsible for working with ServerCentral’s Solutions Architects to provide solid and supportable engineering solutions for unique customer applications. The Principal Network Architect will be part of a third tier escalation group, backing up the 24x7 NOC and first tier operations teams. This is a ‘buck stops with you’ position for troubleshooting. Here’s your chance to become part of a truly unique organization. Requirements: At least 5 years of experience at a network service provider is preferred; ten years industry experience is also preferred Fluent in JunOS on both the M/T/MX and EX/QFX platforms. IOS/IOS-XR or EOS as a second language required Advanced comprehension of BGP, including traffic engineering and failure mode analysis Solid understanding of OSPF-TE and the relationship of MPLS LSP to IGP Working knowledge of VPLS/L3VPN/EVPN delivered over MPLS and L2 via overlay networks Strong familiarity and application of optical networking Understanding of PIM IS-IS IGMP ICMP V6ND ANYCAST STP NFS CIFS MPIO YANG and a whole lot of other buzzwords Ability to read and understand SLAX is required; Proficiency in PERL/Python/PHP/ETC is preferred A track record of industry participation is desirable ( IETF,ISOC,-IX,NOG) Excellent communication skills Familiarity with MS Windows, MacOS and Microsoft Office required along with some history of systems administration of Linux systems Benefits: Paid PTO/Vacation time, RTA and CTA Transit Benefits, 401k with 4% employer match, free employee collocation and cloud account, Bring Your Own Device Policy with monthly payroll reimbursement, Life Insurance/Long Term Disability, Health Insurance with HRA, Vision Insurance, Dental Insurance, and a fun and casual work environment.