LyondellBasell is seeking a Workforce Planning Analyst for one of the largest and most admired plastics, chemical and refining companies in the world. LyondellBasell is widely recognized within the industry with sales of $44 billion with 55 manufacturing sites across 5 continents. The position is located at the LyondellBasell Tower in downtown Houston just minutes from the Park Shops and Minute Maid stadium. The position offers a competitive base salary, annual bonus, excellent 401K match, generous benefits package, pension plan and employee discounts. The Workforce Planning Analyst will contribute to the company workforce strategy and contribute to execution of workforce planning tactics. The Analyst will design and develop workforce planning and HR analytics models, tools and procedures for company-wide implementation. Responsibilities will include the following: Conduct research and analysis of internal organizational information and external factors to develop human capital strategies to proactively respond to market and business changes. Provide strategic support to the HR function in the areas of people metrics, reporting, and advanced predictive analytic capabilities. Perform risk assessment of current workforce to provide solutions to mitigate potential risks Translate comprehensive statistical information to provide clear, concise, and intuitive insight/solutions for business challenges Support the strategy of integration of Diversity and Inclusion metrics into the workforce strategy Build and maintain company workforce data bases and research workforce trends. This position will report to the HR Director of Workforce Planning, based in the downtown Houston office. The ideal candidate is committed to learning and growing through challenging assignments. We are looking for individuals who: 1\. Are highly organized with great attention to detail while keeping the larger picture in mind 2\. Possess a high level of maturity, including the ability to appropriately maintain and keep sensitive information confidential 3\. Possess a consultative style and approach with the proven ability to develop credible relationships 4\. Can think strategically and translate concepts into actionable items 5\. Think critically through their work and continuously strive to gain deeper understanding 6\. Possess strong analytical acumen, deep technical hands-on expertise in data analytics, data modelling, data visualization, business intelligence, and automated reporting. 7\. Possess an expert skill level with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint 8\. Are self-motivated and able to work both independently and collaboratively REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Education Requirements Bachelor's degree in business administration, computer science, engineering, human resources, or closely related field is required. MBA is highly preferred. Minimum Qualifications 3+ years equivalent work experience in business environment including project management, quantitative analysis, forecasting, process improvement or market/competitive analysis required. LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world’s largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P; 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels. Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship. LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers. LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here.