The Position KAYAK is looking for an engineer to be part of a small team focused on building consistent corporate bulk and transactional emails. Our team is constantly iterating, designing, and coding our way to excellence. We're building the compelling user experiences that keep our product a step ahead of the competition. If you're an engineer who wants to work on a team of similarly talented, driven individuals, then we'd love to hear from you. Requirements BS or higher in Computer Science or related field Intermediate Java, experience with Java web development a plus. Amazing programming fundamentals. Working knowledge of SQL, Hive/Hadoop a plus. Solid understanding of HTML and CSS. Ability to debug issues in a full-stack environment. Qualifications Team player who likes to engage with colleagues at a professional and personal level Someone who can handle a high volume of requests with frequent interruptions and prioritize their own work while taking infrastructure and business needs into account Must have excellent technical communication skills About KAYAK Our mission at KAYAK is to provide the world’s favorite travel planning tools. With every query, KAYAK searches other sites to show travelers the information they need to find the right flights, hotels, rental cars and vacation packages. And because our team is always on the lookout for ways to make travel planning and trip management even easier, we offer a variety of tools and features such as KAYAK Trips, Explore and Price Forecast and are constantly evolving our app, Facebook Messenger and Slack bots, Alexa skill and related A.I. innovations. In addition to KAYAK, we manage a portfolio of metasearch brands including: momondo, Cheapflights, SWOODOO, checkfelix and Mundi that together process more than two billion consumer queries a year. KAYAK is an independently managed subsidiary of Booking Holdings Inc. BENEFITS AND PERKS 4 weeks paid vacation Day off on your birthday Generous retirement plans Awesome health, dental and vision insurance plans Flexible Spending Accounts No stupid meetings Drinks, coffee, snacks, games etc. Flexible hours Free massages from professional masseuse Regular team events/excursions