Corteva Agriscience (Agriculture Division of Dow DuPont) is the world leader in the plant biotechnology industry including the discovery, development and delivery of elite crop genetics and crop protection solutions. Our Data Science & Informatics (DSI) department in R&D; is looking for creative individuals with critical thinking skills to develop robust and innovative solutions to complex problems. We solve research problems using custom software development, data science, high performance computing, laboratory automation, electro-mechanical engineering, and computational biology. We are seeking a proven Data Warehouse Engineer to unleash the value of data in ways that create value for our Research partners within the Data Science & Informatics group. We are looking for creative individuals who possess the knowledge to understand complex data and relationships and the ability to work with large data sets and Big Data to build efficient data integration solutions in building and supporting our Data Warehouse platform for reporting & analytics. If you have demonstrated the ability to implement solutions, adjusting to constraints while mitigating risks; if you balance great technical depth with strong interpersonal skills and emphasize communication in your day to day work; if you are interested in applying your skills in a challenging, dynamic, agriculture focused research environment - we’d love to talk to you. We offer an inspiring, dynamic work environment with amazing colleagues and countless opportunities to apply your talents and skills in new and innovative ways. At Corteva we recognize that there is life outside of work and support you in establishing a healthy work-life balance. Responsibilities The successful candidate will help integrate data from a variety of data sources into Corteva’s Research Data Warehouse to support reporting and analytical applications. The candidate will work with the R&D; partners within Data Science & Informatics group in Designing and Developing ETL/ELT processes as well as proper representations of the integrated data and delivery methods for downstream applications. Be a trusted team member and collaborator in the Data Science & Informatics team Design, develop, own and evolve the data and data integration processes that power our data warehouse platform. Design, Develop and implement on-premise & cloud DW infrastructure. Develop and maintain complex Data Ingestion and Transformations for data originating from multiple data sources. Contribute to architecture of data integration solutions Collaborate with teams across DSI to share and acquire development ideas and knowledge. Create efficient SQL queries & ETL Mappings using Informatica & Python/SQL to analyze data from external applications and the data warehouse. Evaluate and recommend products that enhance our cloud BI / DW solution. Analyze and resolve user issues reported to the Support Desk. Job Qualifications Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field and 5+ years of experience developing data warehouse solutions required; or equivalent levels of relevant education and experience. The ideal candidate will have strong written and verbal communication skills and have the demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a multifunctional team. Competencies This position requires proven experience in data warehousing practices and concepts as well as proven experience in dimensional and relational database modeling. Highly desirable experience includes the following: 2 years of AWS S3, EMR, EC2, Python and Lambda experience is preferred. Strong working knowledge of Near Realtime Data Warehousing principles and implementations. Working knowledge of key RDBMS databases like Oracle, Teradata, and other Cloud DW. Strong practical experience with SQL and Database principles. Experience in working with ETL tools and technologies like Informatica and others. Experience with the Linux operating system is very beneficial. Create Technical Designs and Mapping Specifications. Hands-on experience in Query Optimization and Performance improvement practices. Experience in Relational and Dimensional Data Modeling. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Experience in Data Virtualization Platform using tools like Denodo and others is preferred. Communicate well in both oral and written form. We are excited to announce that Corteva Agriscience™ is the name of the new Agriculture Division of DowDuPont™. We are bringing together DuPont Crop Protection, DuPont Pioneer and DowAgroSciences to create a market-shaping, standalone agriculture company with leading positions in seed technologies, crop protection and digital agriculture. We will work across the global agriculture value chain to create a more efficient food system. At Corteva Agriscience™, we seek to enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume. This means we will help rejuvenate the agricultural ecosystem to support people and the planet and to ensure progress for generations to come. About DowDuPont DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Dow Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please visit us at www.dow-dupont.com. The positions represented by this job posting are aligned to one of the three divisions, Agriculture, Materials Science or Specialty Products, which are expected to separate from DowDuPont into stand-alone public companies. Information on the division alignment will be provided during the recruitment process.