ProQuest – Who we are… Ex Libris, a ProQuest Company, is a leading global provider of cloud-based solutions for higher education. Offering SaaS solutions for the management and discovery of the full spectrum of library and scholarly materials, as well as mobile campus solutions driving student engagement and success. Ex Libris serves thousands of customers in 90 countries. What will I be doing? As a Database Administrator you will assist in defining, documenting and facilitating best practice processes and standards for configuring, supporting and optimizing Database Management Systems. In this position, you will also… Maintain availability for all SAAS products and infrastructure. Interface with other central organizations to improve and implement process, procedures and automation. Support various database technologies, including Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB and Postgres DB. Monitor capacity and performance, proactively executing performance analyses, monitoring, troubleshooting and resolution of issues. Troubleshoot a wide range of database problems with complex interdependencies and provides corrective action within an appropriate period of time. Execute ongoing database capacity planning, related to database growth and system utilization, trend analysis and forecasting of database resource requirements. Function as second-level escalation support for the Support Center. Collaborate with team leads and the associated technical teams to ensure delivery of database services within the performance targets set. Supports team on-call rotation. Qualified Candidates must have… Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or other related field or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum of 3 years of experience in Database Administration/Support in Oracle RDBMS 11g in 24x7 production environments. Solid hands-on experience in administering Microsoft SQL databases (SQL 2012/2014) in SQL Cluster environment. Demonstrated experience in troubleshooting both within and external to the database environment. Strong knowledge of Oracle Database Tuning. Demonstrated knowledge of database internals and data structures. Strong knowledge of SQL/SQLPlus and understanding of PL/SQL and stored procedures/pkgs. Ability to manage several complex, competing tasks while working within deadline constraints. Strong Knowledge of Database Backup and recovery using RMAN and logical backups. Strong knowledge of Unix shell or Perl scripting languages. Professional experience in complex technical project management. Excellent researching and problem-solving skills, including the ability to analyze, compare, evaluate, reconcile and order data. Strong interpersonal skills, with ability to professionally interact with a diverse blend of personalities to reach resolution and maintain strong relationships. Capacity to learn and master new technology. Superstar Candidates will ALSO have… Master’s degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science SQL Server Certification Knowledge of NoSQL databases Knowledge of Unix/Linux Other important information about this position: This position is based at the Ex Libris office in Des Plaines, IL and is not appropriate for remote work. Occasional travel is required. This position requires weekday (Monday – Friday) attendance with some scheduling flexibility. Every position requires certain physical capabilities. ProQuest seeks to make reasonable accommodations that enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential duties when possible. More to love about becoming a PQ employee! We offer professional development opportunities with a significant focus on learning We hold fun on-site events Our employee population is smart and highly collaborative We have a relaxed dress code All of our employees have access to ProQuest research products including e-books, genealogy and academic journals At ProQuest, we work hard and have fun doing it. If you would enjoy a challenging role in a collaborative environment, please consider joining our talented team! EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled