As a member of the corporate team, you’ll focus on enhancing the relationship with our clients as we provide outstanding business solution services. Within departments like Accounting & Finance, Human Resources, and Engineering, Conduent is actively staffing all teams with roles like Recovery Analyst, Client Services Specialist, and Senior Management Consultant. At Conduent, we give our employees the opportunity to further develop their career skills with the intention of growing them into leaders within the organization. Responsibilities Description Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com . Conduent Public Health Solutions, formerly known as Consilience Software, has a proven track record of implementing business-focused, streamlined, automated decision support and case management solutions across financial services companies and government agencies alike. We are a flexible, results- oriented organization full of smart, energetic, self-motivated people who are driven to achieve excellence. Our culture is open, fun, and tolerant; and we value an appreciation of life outside of work. Conduent Public Health Solutions is located in Austin, TX and Boston, MA and serves clients both nationwide and internationally. Java Full Stack Developer We are looking for highly talented, motivated, and experienced Java full stack developers to become part of our growing Enterprise Case Management web application team. You will get an opportunity to work with a very talented team to modernize our platform and/or possibly work directly with clients on our services engagements. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent development experience 3+ years of experience with Java/J2EE. Experienced in SQL + Hibernate. Good working knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, XML, Web services, Struts. Experience with Angular 2 or 4 preferred Experience with application servers like Tomcat and WebLogic preferred Good software design understanding Ability to work in team in diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment This position has the potential to interact with clients and stakeholders, therefore must have excellent communication and interpersonal skills Great attention to detail. Must be eligible to work in the US for any employer without sponsorship. Must consent to and successfully clear all required pre-employment screenings Location: This position is located onsite in Austin, Texas. Prefer local candidates. No relocation assistance is provided.