Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Sr. Associate, Systems and Infrastructure Administrator to join our KPMG Technology Organization. Responsibilities: Provide administration, maintenance, configuration, and ongoing support of server infrastructure hosting Enterprise Applications Resolve complex enterprise system hardware and software problems; collaborate with peer teams and vendors to coordinate solutions Recommend actions for fine tuning and capacity planning of existing systems Maintain up-to-date knowledge of new hardware and software developments; participate in the evaluation of alternative approaches and new software or modifications to enhance operations and development activities Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures Interface with business clients and technology staff to implement solutions that meet business needs and addresses impact of new or revised applications on existing infrastructure Qualifications: Minimum 3 to 5 years years of senior level systems administrator experience, preferably large Enterprise Level Data Centers Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college/university or equivalent work experience Experience in various editions of ESX/VSphere and UCS platform administration, Windows Server operating systems including Administration and Clustering; Working knowledge of PowerShell, Solarwinds, Splunk, LAN/WAN and related TCP/IP protocols Minimum 3-5 years’ experience working with and supporting Relativity Applications versions 8 & 9 with an emphasis on version 9. Relativity Infrastructure Specialist Certification or ability to attain within a year of employment US Citizenship Required KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.