Join Our Team Do you have what it takes to create remarkable experiences for our future residents? Irvine Company is always looking for talented sales professionals with a passion for leasing apartment homes. Position Summary: Is a brand ambassador for our organization that represents our quality of apartment homes and our exceptional service to our customers. Successfully leases apartments by discovering and exceeding the customers’ expectations. Assists in marketing their property and generating traffic. Demonstrates a strong sales performance through consistently meeting weekly sales expectations and delivering a world class customer experience. Ensures revenue goals are achieved by conducting a daily audit of their lease CIC data quality. Achieves stellar NPS prospect scores by focusing on the customer’s needs, while touring available units within their property. Job Duties: PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Achieves all sales goals set forth by their manager on a consistent basis. Strives to achieve revenue goals by daily review of leases and Customer Information Cards to ensure they are meeting data and lease quality standards. Assists in the deploying the Sales & Marketing Plan for assigned sales environment. Support our PSP culture & encourage an empowering environment to achieve top NPS Prospect Survey Results Tours prospects in an ICAC vehicle throughout the communities within their property while trying to find them their new home. Works effectively within a matrix work environment by possessing string communication skills and demonstrates innovative and drive to ensure goals are met and exceeded. Utilizes the Pricing Tool with every lease transaction and accurately records all data into the CRM system to support the company’s goals and initiatives. LEASING AND MARKETING Achieves revenue goals by demonstrating the value in our communities. Using the sales consultative approach, evaluate the needs of our customers while communicating the corresponding the benefits for that particular customer; use inter-company communication of availability. Supports the marketing functions through recording accurate data on prospects and new residents, and by keeping informed of the competition. Utilizes company resources under the direction of the LM/Sr. LM to facilitate leasing. ADMINISTRATION Aids in achieving financial goals by effectively qualifying prospective residents. Update records as necessary. Contribute to the team effort by being aware of and relaying information regarding the communities’ general appearance and conditions that could have an impact on our ability to maintain a quality living environment and lease apartments. For traditional Leasing/Resident Servicing Offices responsibilities may also include the following: Ensure completion of checklists, forms, and logs; print resident documents, schedule move-ins and perform follow-up calls. PUBLIC RELATIONS/RESIDENT RETENTION Promotes positive, proactive resident relations by working to make the living experience, particularly the first and last impressions, of the highest quality. Minimum Qualifications: High School Diploma/BA with 0-5 years of experience. Previous sales and customer service experience. Strong sales and customer service skills; public relations; computer literacy; detail oriented and organized; ability to interact effectively with prospects, residents, peers and management. Team player that consistently meets and exceeds expectations. Ability to use MS Office and Google Apps. Valid driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance required (at specific properties). About Us: Irvine Company Apartment Communities (a division of Irvine Company) offers a portfolio of more than 125 resort-style apartment communities in coastal California’s most desirable locations: San Diego, Orange County, West Los Angeles and Silicon Valley. With world-class amenities, resort-like surroundings and an unparalleled commitment to customer service, Irvine Company Apartment Communities redefines the rental-living experience. We take as much pride in our employee community as we do the communities we create. It’s an environment populated with talented and experienced people, a collaborative spirit and abundant opportunities. Apply today to join our employee community, and learn more about Irvine Company, our legacy and our guiding principles. The Irvine Company is committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, compensation, termination, and training, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, pregnancy, age, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, and local law. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.