What you’ll be doing... The Incident Response Analyst role is a position providing an opportunity to work in a fast paced environment defending Verizon from current and future cyber threats. This position is considered the front-line of Cyber Incident Response and plays a crucial role in Verizon’s enterprise computing defense. Analysts must be agile, willing to learn, and able to think outside of the box in order to operate effectively in an ever changing threat landscape. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree or one or more years of work experience Even better if you have: Combination of CyberSecurity related degree, certifications and/or Security work experience Bachelor’s Degree with one or more years of Professional Work Experience. Related Certification (A+, Network+, Security+). Previous Information Assurance or Cyber Experience. Fundamental knowledge of Mobile Platforms: Windows Phone, iOS, Android. Foundational Knowledge of Enterprise Anti-Virus, IDS, Full Packet Capture and Host/Network Forensics. Understanding of Networking (including the OSI Model, TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP, SMTP), System Administration, and Security Architecture. Knowledge of Incident Response Frameworks and Handling Procedures. Program and Scripting Experience. Previous experience with Regex. Knowledge and fundamental understanding of Operating Systems: Windows, Unix/Linux, and OSX Operating Systems. Demonstrates knowledge and understanding of cyber risks and threats related to cyber attackers. Strong communication and presentation skills along with the ability to work in a highly collaborative environment. Strong relationship skills and collaborative style to enable success across multiple partners. Demonstrates effective organizational and technical skills. Effective verbal and written communication skills. Exhibit initiative, follow-up and follow through with commitments. Ability to comply with any regulatory requirements. cybersecurityerp 22CyberOPS When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.