Who we are At Stryker Neurovascular, our approach to Complete Stroke Care centers around a culture of innovation and partnerships - from introducing breakthrough technologies and investigating leading-edge therapies, to providing ongoing training and improving reimbursement. The Stryker Neurovascular Clinical Team is changing the landscape of stroke care by providing robust clinical evidence. Our team continues to push the boundaries of science and research. We are dynamic, passionate, and accomplished individuals who thrive on tackling challenging assignments. We conduct revolutionary trials studying innovative devices such as stent retrievers, coils, stents for adjunctive use with coiling, and intracranial atherosclerotic stents. We value the strengths of each team member and are focused on individualized development opportunities that align with career aspirations. Together we can advance our capabilities and continue to improve healthcare and the lives of patients. Stryker is well positioned to continue serving the worldwide medical community for generations to come. Do you have what it takes to change the world with us? Who we want Collaborators. Collaborates and builds relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Achievers. Thrives on accomplishing tasks and constantly driven to do more. Challengers. Challenges the status quo and build better solutions or processes. Teammates. Supports, encourages, and inspires others. Communicators. Articulates well and expresses ideas effectively. What you will do We are looking for an experienced people manager with a proven track record of developing talent with a passion for data. You demonstrate the ability to work in a fast paced environment and provide leadership to others on the team. As a Manager, you take great pride in mentoring others and delivering high quality results. You will be responsible for managing a team of data managers and/or biostatisticians to ensure the staffing and the operational aspects of the Biometrics group are in line with the company’s clinical programs. You proactively communicate with investigators, colleagues, and vendors to effectively showcase Stryker Neurovascular clinical data on a global platform. What you need 6+ years experience in clinical/scientific research, or medical devices/pharmaceutical clinical trials. 3+ years experience recruiting and training high performing staff. Solid knowledge/training in Biostatistics and real working experience in Medical Device/Pharmaceutical industry. Previous experience with complex, global trials is preferred Previous 510(k), PMA, NDA, or BLA experience is desired Work From Home: No Travel Percentage: Up to 25% Stryker Corporation is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Stryker is an EO employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability. Stryker Corporation will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.