IT Helpdesk Position: IT Helpdesk Type: Full Time Location: Bremerton, WA LOG IN Member ID: Password: Click Here if you forgot your login information S&K; Global Solutions is a professional services company that supports over 20 federal agencies. Since inception S&K; has remained a worldwide leader in engineering, development, internal technologies, integration, logistics, financial and program management support. S&K; Global Solutions is a member of the S&K; Family of Companies and is owned by the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes. We are headquartered on the Flathead Reservation in northwest Montana. S&K; offers a rewarding career experience. In addition to dynamic career opportunities, we provide competitive salaries, excellent benefits, retirement funding, as well as ongoing training and professional development. Summary: Provide helpdesk and end-user computing support, both hardware and software, for U.S. Navy Clients. Assist end-users to efficiently and effectively use Information Technologies resources by providing them with expert assistance, guidance and training. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Duties and Responsibilities consist of but are not limited to the following: Under limited supervision, administer all aspects of the desktop computing environment for internal users.Utilize Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to escalate user issues requiring higher tier resolution Follow SOP direction for notifying company and customer officials of critical outages and operational issues Assist in the development of procedures and policies that define acceptable and effective use of the desktop environment Troubleshoot issues that arise with the desktop environment and develop solutions or workarounds to those issues Assist in the development of desktop security measures that provide automated compliance with Government Client policies Be the primary interface to the Government Client user community from within the IT organization Respond to all desktop support, deployment, and user education requests in a professional and timely fashion. Responsibilities: Provide quality desktop support to end users, including support for hardware, printing, applications, and training in a networked environment with minimum end user interruption. Management of hardware and software Inventory. Identify, troubleshoot, research, support and resolve customer IT issues. Escalate issues to appropriate technical personnel when necessary. Assure that all support issues are handled quickly, completely and are fully documented. Monitor existing systems to find ways to increase stability and efficiency. Install/remove/update/support of network applications such as Anti-Virus, Anti-Spyware solutions. Maintain the integrity of the desktop computers through upgrades, support, and new technology. Set up and customize new or replacement computers. Document processes and procedures as required. Assist with network issues when needed Perform end-user and technical training in supported applications Other duties as required of the position and/or assigned by the IT Helpdesk Supervisor, or the NW Program Manager on a temporary or extended basis. Supervisory Responsibilities: This job will not have direct supervisory responsibilities. Competency: Must demonstrate ethics, responsibility, confidentiality, professionalism, punctuality and consistent dependability, organizational skills, the ability to perform multi-task productivity standards established, and work effectively as part of a team. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty assigned thoroughly and independently, without supervision on short term projects. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: High school diploma or equivalent Must be able to effectively communicate with clients who may be under considerable stress and whose individual IT knowledge may vary across a wide spectrum Experience in an IT Helpdesk environment is desired but not a hard requirement Language Skills: Must possess an excellent understanding of technical issues, ability to communicate verbally and in written form effectively, and the ability to work within U.S. Government contractual realm. This position requires the ability to communicate effectively before groups of customers or employees of the organization. Excellent telephone skills and knowledge of troubleshooting using vendors. Success managing multiple tasks simultaneously. Adaptable to changing requirements and tasks. Mathematical Skills: Successfully perform basic mathematical functions as required in a business and/or engineering setting. Reasoning Ability: Demonstrate and apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, verbal, or diagram form. Possess problem solving and analytical skills, and the capability to prioritize daily work schedule in keeping with productivity standards. Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual will have knowledge of the Microsoft development suite, and the Microsoft Office suite of software and knowledgeable of Web and Network architectures. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: Currently active DoD Secret (or higher) clearance and ability to maintain this level of clearance Current Security+ Certification – certain college degrees can satisfy this requirement in lieu of this requirement Ability to receive and maintain membership in the Navy’s Cyber Security Workforce Desired but not required: Network+ Certification Microsoft Certified Desktop Support Technician (MCDST) Certification Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) designation Current drivers’ license Proof of U.S. citizenship Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl and talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The work is primarily in the standard office environment, and the noise level in the work environment is usually quiet. The IT Helpdesk is a 24/7/365 day operation. Employees work a 40 hours per week schedule but may be assigned to an evening, late night, and/or weekend shift. Some shifts may also involve up to ten hour work days.