People Operations strives to revolutionize human resources the same way that Google has revolutionized search. We are helping to find, grow and keep the remarkable assemblage of talent who are our Googlers. You'll be a champion of Google's culture and values, partnering with our business leaders to help them build their organizations and make sure all people decisions are based on data. Whether coaching your clients on how to lead their teams, navigating and resolving employee relations issues or managing programs that help develop our Googlers, you are exceptionally focused on putting them first, and being as clear and transparent as possible to help Googlers understand how people decisions get made. The role of People Consultant Pod Manager is to lead a team of People Consultants, in the People Consultant team, providing excellent support to Googlers, managers and People Partners. As a manager within the People Consultant organization, you’ll be a thought partner to your team members, the People Consultant leads, People Partners, and various clients on a wide range of topics including coaching on team dynamics, performance management, program/project management, and more. It’s your role to help create the end- to-end People Operations support for Googlers and managers to grow, develop and thrive. This will require you to think big, use data to guide your work, be comfortable challenging convention, and in some cases reinvent how work is done. You’ll partner with the People Partner teams and other People Operations teams to ensure a seamless, wonderful support offering to everyone in Google - Googlers, managers, leaders. As part of our culture, you’ll also have the opportunity to be hands-on, working side by side with People Consultants to get things done on a variety of people-related areas. As a core part of this hands-on work, you will be helping support Googlers and People Partners navigate and resolve issues, in addition to rolling out programs to support Googlers - including compensation, performance and talent programs. You’ll model our goal of every Googler having a Great Manager by being one yourself. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Challenge, motivate and inspire the People Consultant team to deliver simple, excellent, empathetic HR support to all clients. Provide HR support and consultation to the business on the highest complexity issues, answering employee and manager questions about HR programs, policies, and other HR-related items (performance management, compensation and rewards, employee relations, internal mobility, etc.) Provide insightful data to guide decision making and provide proactive and scalable solutions. Solve issues and get to the root cause of any issue, no matter how complex, and design and quickly implement solutions that cut across multiple disciplines and stakeholders, even those beyond people and organizational boundaries. Offer thought leadership regarding People Consultant team organizational and people-related strategy and execution. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience as a HR business partner or generalist experience supporting leaders at global companies. 5 years of people management experience. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated experience with cross-functional collaboration and influence Experience working as a management consultant, working with external clients. Understanding of how to communicate large complex change. Demonstrated ability to work within constraints as well as to challenge the status quo. Ability to analyze data, understand trends and develop recommendations for action based on the analysis. Excellent communication, analytical and problem solving skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.