Do you want to change the world? We do, too. The energy market is roughly $4 trillion globally, and solar penetration is less than 1%. But just one hour of sunlight, if harnessed, could power the entire world for a year. We have the opportunity to completely change the way energy is produced, distributed and consumed on a global scale, and we’re looking for talented, committed people to help us drive our growth and achieve our goals. SunPower is a global solar energy solutions company with a rich heritage of pioneering the best energy technologies in the world. Our solutions are unrivaled in terms of long-term reliability, efficiency and guaranteed performance, and our company is unmatched in terms of global reach and scale. Through design, manufacturing, installation and ongoing maintenance and monitoring, SunPower provides its proprietary, world-record efficient solar technology to residential, commercial and utility customers worldwide. SunPower is changing the way our world is powered every day with a brilliant, passionate and driven team of more than 7,000 in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. In an industry that is reshaping the world’s energy future, there’s no better place to be than SunPower. We believe that our employees create our brand – with each project, each communication, each task completed and each interaction. Experience is critical to SunPower in regards to not only our customers but also our employees and dealer partners. As such, we strive to hire candidates that are service focused. The experience we would expect the ideal person to deliver is: Family Description: Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software/firmware programs for enhancements and new products. Develops software/firmware tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance. Family Description: Demonstrates advanced and/or broad expertise in unique technical areas. Contributes to the development of company principles and objectives. Achieves goals in creative and effective ways. Provides technical guidance and reviews process/ equipment qualifications and development. Broad knowledge and influence in technical areas outside designated assignment area (e.g. customer requirements, other technical fields). Leads the collaboration and integration of various disciplines, functions and specialties. Remains current on relevant technologies, emerging business and industry trends and competitive technical direction. Complexity: Works on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles. Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria. Creates formal networks involving coordination among groups. Recommends solutions to problems requiring complex and broad reaching technical trade-offs (e.g. schedule, reliability, manufacturability, process stability, performance). Proficient at vendor technical management. Teamwork, Collaboration and Influence: Delivers difficult messages diplomatically. Mediates and resolves conflict. Proactively coaches and mentors others. Openly shares successes and promotes teamwork and collaboration. Brings out the best in others. Collaborates broadly and effectively across the organization as well as with external suppliers/vendors/ organizations. Capable of leading SunPower in technical discussion with customers, customer representatives and/or AHJ. Initiative: Assignments are often self-initiated. Determines course of action to achieve results. Creative Thinking and Innovation: Applies creative thinking and leadership in terms of product, technology, infrastructure, and efficiency across multiple teams. Impact and Results Focus: Delivers innovation that provides a significant sustainable advantage to serve the needs of SunPower’s customers. Demonstrated ability to produce results and meet economic goals and customer needs. Applies specialized knowledge in the effective completion of major projects that have significant operational and financial implications. Makes economic recommendations that have positive financial impact to project(s), department or discipline. Minimum Education and Experience: B.S. degree in Engineering and 8+ years of related experience or M.S. Degree and 6+ years or Ph.D. and 4+ years OR equivalent combination of education and years of related experience LI-CB Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is an equal employment opportunity employer and makes employment decisions, including but not limited to, hiring, firing, promotion, demotion, training, and/or compensation, on the basis of merit. Employment decisions are based on an individual’s qualifications as they relate to the job under consideration. The Company’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions, the actual sex of the individual, or the gender identity or gender expression), race, color, religion, including religious dress practices and religious grooming practices, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, familial status, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran or military status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws, ordinances, or regulations. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of the Company and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of the Company, including supervisors and co-workers. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled SunPower Supports EEO Accommodation for Applicants to SunPower Corporation SunPower Corporation is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following alternative email address to contact us about your interest in employment at SunPower Corporation: jobs@sunpower.com. Please indicate in the subject that line of your email that you are requesting accommodation. Only candidates being considered for a position who require an accommodation will receive a follow-up response.