Have you watched _Game of Thrones_ on _www.hbo.com_ __ or live broadcasting of _FIFA World Cup_ on _www.espn.com_? If the answer is yes, you have already used Conviva technologies. Conviva is the real-time measurement and intelligence platform for the streaming TV. Conviva offers a linear TV scale performance with a view into over 20 billion streaming hours and more than 3 billion unique devices a year from 180 countries, Conviva has the largest, multi-publisher, global OTT streaming video continuous measurement census available, processing 1 trillion events per day across over 200 global brands. We see almost 60% of the Internet population and measure 7 out of the top 10 SVOD providers in the US, as well as many tier one global streaming TV providers across the globe. Our customers use Conviva’s continuous measurement sensor and Video AI Platform cloud service to gain a real-time, unified view of their video delivery ecosystem and consumer viewing experience across all their devices and video applications. Conviva is seeking a Solution Analyst. The ideal candidate should have a Business Analyst, Customer Success, Customer Support or Project Management background. The Solution Analyst is a critical role within the Technical Field team, supporting the work of Technical Account Managers, Solutions Architects and Account Executives to operationalize Conviva’s solutions across our customers. As a Solution Analyst, you should have excellent analytical and organization skills, with the ability to juggle multiple projects at any one time. The Solution Analyst role evolved from Conviva's Technical Field Team, blending Sales Engineering, Customer Success and Account Management and is well-suited to our low volume, high value, high touch engagement model. What you get to do Works closely with our Technical Account Managers, who ensure an overarching premier client service experience, through providing real-time updates and regular touch-points with clients Serves as critical point of contact with clients for day-to-day inquiries Creates and performs training to build external knowledge on product and process Assesses, troubleshoots, and tracks requests, liaises with appropriate internal Customer Support, Triage, Engineering, Product & Data Science teams, while providing timely resolutions Analyses & interprets customer data, prepares monthly customer-facing reports and supports bespoke expert services consulting engagements alongside Architects and Data Scientists Conducts ongoing audits of customer reporting, ensuring accuracy and consistency of reported data What you bring to the role Proven work experience as an Analyst, Customer Support Engineer, CSM or Project Manager with a SaaS or technology consultancy business supporting enterprise size accounts Experience of statistical analysis, working with big data sets preferred - an intrinsic ability to find the needle in the haystack Maintain current and in-depth knowledge of Conviva’s product suite and best practices in order to guide clients on business and technical decisions to ensure platform adoption and success Apply expertise in data mining and data visualization to see beyond the numbers and enable customers to operationalist our data for the purposes of strategic planning as well as tactical root-cause analysis 2+ years of professional work experience at a leading technology company Strong Data Science or Analytics capabilities Strong personal management: you’re driven – no one needs to push you to excel, it’s just who you are Ability to work autonomously and to prioritize tasks while managing a diverse workload in a fast-paced environment Keen attention to detail and consistent follow-through to commitments Excellent English speaking, presentation, and writing skills Project management experience preferred Conviva powers every internet-connected screen with the most engaging viewing experiences imaginable by elevating the way OTT businesses use data- driven intelligence. For years, HBO, Sky, ESPN and the like have been using the Conviva Platform to enlighten, reveal and inform with important insights around consumer in-screen viewing experience allowing them to connect those metrics to important business outcomes. This allows customers to not only maximize subscriber retention and growth but also understand content and viewing trends so that they can deliver more personalized viewing experiences. We make engagement a data-driven outcome based on actionable quality of experience (QoE) analytics. Conviva is privately held and headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, with offices in New York and London. For more information, please visit us at www.conviva.com