Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. We are the teams who create all of Facebook's products used by 1.5 billion plus people around the world. Want to build new features and improve existing products like Messenger, Video, Groups, News Feed, Search and more? Want to solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems? Facebook is seeking experienced full-stack software engineers to join our product teams. You can help build the next-generation of products that help us connect the next billion people, create new features that have billions of interactions per day and be a part of a team that’s working to help people connect with each other around the globe. Join us! This position is full-time and based in our Seattle, WA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Full stack web/mobile application development with a variety of languages including but not limited to PHP, JavaScript, HTML, etc. Create consumer products and features using internal programming language Hack Implement web or mobile interfaces using XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript Work closely with our PM and design teams to define feature specifications and build the next generation of products leveraging frameworks such as React & React Native Work closely with operations and infrastructure to build and scale back-end services Build report interfaces and data feeds MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 6+ years of programming experience 6+ years of experience with relational databases and SQL 6+ years of experience with web technologies: JavaScript, XHTML, CSS PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS B.S. or M.S. Computer Science or related field Experience with PHP and C++ 6+ years of experience with MySQL