Company growth has created an opportunity for an experienced VP of Professional Services to join our senior management team. The VP of Professional Services will report directly to the President and will be responsible for managing the Advisory Services Team. As the VP of Professional Services, you will execute and lead strategy initiatives for the Advisory Services Team as well as maintain close relationships with C-suite customers and prospects in order to execute advisory services engagements. The VP of Professional Services will use data to make actionable advisory services consulting recommendations, evaluate the competitive landscape, and market positioning. You will be responsible for balancing tactical tasks required to hit revenue numbers with strategic planning and thought leadership. This position will afford the opportunity to drive major initiatives across the company that will significantly impact the overall growth of the business. Our ideal candidate has held a position in senior management for a company between $50M to $200M in annual revenues, managed a team of professional services consultants to hit a team revenue objective, and has experience in an enterprise sales or management consulting. We are looking for energetic candidates that are both market and product orientated with a passion for technology. As a role within a high-growth company, the range of initiatives are dynamic and will provide exposure into multiple areas of the company. Responsibilities Build, lead and drive the development of a high growth advisory services team Plan and manage overall sales process at a tactical level Deal engineer revenue-producing strategic relationships through identification, execution of strategy and negotiation to a successful close Work and communicate effectively with C-level decision makers to achieve revenue goals and maintain successful relationships with clients Develop and execute a strategic plan that ensure attainment of revenue goals and department Define and execute marketing analysis and research activities for a business unit in partnership with team or functional leaders. Define required outputs from analysis from delivery partner's point of view. Define and clearly articulate customer needs Combine analysis and research with insights into the industry and company in order to make appropriate recommendations and influence decision making. Analyze, interpret and articulate fact-based information to business leaders and cross functional teams as actionable insights and recommendations. Apply a high degree of intellectual curiosity and creative problem-solving to develop insights that create business value. Requirements Proven leadership, entrepreneurial spirit and strong sense of urgency Minimum of 10 years of consulting and enterprise sales experience Ability to quickly discern and choose important priorities from competing responsibilities Closing and deal engineering ability Finance and/or technology background preferred Big 5 or boutique consulting experience preferred Past proven performance growing a Professional Services organization in a high growth SaaS Company preferred BA/BS degree from an accredited institution; MBA a plus