WHO WE ARE: Freedom Financial Network is a family of companies that takes a people-first approach to financial services, using technology to empower consumers to overcome debt and create a brighter financial future. The company was founded in 2002 by Brad Stroh and Andrew Housser on the belief that by staying committed to helping people, you can ensure better financial outcomes for both the customer and the business. This Heart/$ philosophy still guides the vision of our growing company, which has helped millions of people find solutions for their financial needs. What began with 2 people in a spare bedroom has now rapidly expanded to a vibrant business that employs over 2000 employees (known internally as The Freedom Family) in two locations: San Mateo, CA and Tempe, AZ. When you visit either of our offices, you’ll understand why our employees have voted us the Best Place to Work for the last several years. It’s a place where the Heart/$ philosophy continues to thrive, where we believe that success is only achieved by doing what’s right for our customers, our employees, and our communities. THE OPPORTUNITY: As the Director of Business Intelligence, you will be a key business partner to our executive leadership team. This position is responsible for Freedom Financial Network’s BI and analytics functions across the Freedom Financial Asset Management business and our Sales organization. You will lead a group of analysts to develop reporting and to generate insights that will drive the business forward. You will help to develop and scale best practices that will directly impact how we manage the operations of our lending division and sales teams, how we measure the health of our portfolio of loans, how we report information externally to our investors and to the capital markets, and how we make capital allocation decisions. This position will report to the VP of Strategy and Innovation and will work closely with the VP of Sales, the VP of Loan Operations, the Treasurer, and our partners in Data Engineering. You will join a team that has been recognized as changing the future of our company by enabling better reporting and decision-making based on data. THE ROLE: Assume the role of analytical thought leader and reporting manager for Freedom Financial Asset Management (”FFAM”). FFAM represents a rapidly growing personal loan portfolio, with over 300 sales, underwriting, and customer service personnel in support of the product. Develop, implement, and optimize analytical processes and associated KPI’s to improve how we measure and report on the performance of our lending operations, our loan portfolio and our sales organization. Partner with product, business and finance team leaders to derive business insights from data and translate those insights into actionable business recommendations and portfolio allocation strategies. Develop and manage external reporting solutions for loan and capital markets investors on loan performance, portfolio health metrics and compliance with credit facilities. Support annual budgeting, strategic planning and other business processes. Work with engineering and product senior management to understand and prioritize data and information requirements. Design and coordinate a curriculum for training in our BI tools to drive adoption and to enhance business decision-making capability. REQUIREMENTS/CHARACTERISTICS: Bachelor’s Degree required (MBA/Advanced Degree Preferred) Proven track record of leading business critical BI/Analytics practices 10+ years in BI or analytics related field preferred with Financial Services experience required Experience as a key business partner to executive leaders Experience with portfolio management and related reporting Strategic thinking and independent initiative to constructively challenge and impact a decision making process Ability to operate with cross-functional teams Strong project management and leadership skills to develop and execute complex initiatives Expertise with SQL, Excel Experience leveraging BI platforms like Tableau to develop dashboards and reporting WHY JOIN THE FREEDOM FAMILY? Fast, continued growth – there’s a lot of opportunity for advancement Voted a Best Place to Work multiple times by our employees, most recently 1 in Phoenix! Competitive compensation and benefits package! Leadership opportunities – manage a team of your own! Benefits start within 30 days 401k with employer match 3 weeks’ paid vacation (increased with tenure) 9 paid holidays & 5 sick days Paid time off for volunteer work and on your birthday This is your opportunity to be part of a growing company where dedicated professionals strive to help customers and each other succeed every day. If that sounds exciting to you, we want to talk to you. Apply today! Attention Agencies & Search Firms: We do not accept unsolicited candidate resumes or profiles. Please do not reach out to anyone within Freedom Financial Network (FFN) to market your services or candidates. All inquiries should be directed to Talent Acquisition only. We reserve the right to hire any candidates sent unsolicited and will not pay any fees without a contract signed by FFN’s Talent Acquisition leader. Thank you for your consideration.