Meridian Technology Group is seeking a Cloud Systems Administrator. Apply Now Our client is a leading provider of customer support (help desk) software. They started in 2008 and have made their mark in the SaaS world as a highly respected and sought after provider for B2B technology companies. They are looking for intelligent people who have an eagerness to learn new things, and produce the best work of their careers. You'll need to bring ideas, a positive attitude, and most of all - be ready to write and deploy the best code you ever have. As well as the technical knowledge and requirements below, they need people that get it - people who can figure things out by themselves but know when to call for help. If that matches your personality, then we want to hear from you. The ideal candidate knows APM, such as New Relic, and has performed these duties recently. Description: The System Admin Team does the following things (and more): Deploys and manages a growing set of dedicated servers and cloud instances Designs backup and redundancy strategies to keep customers' data safe Understands changing product requirements and deploys new tools to meet those requirements Manages monitoring systems so they know when performance is degrading, before things stop working. Responds if those monitoring systems ever generate alerts Helps the various teams to be productive by building internal tools and collaborating on design decisions Interfaces with customers to troubleshoot performance issues Requirements: 3 + Years Experience Communicate effectively and appropriately, with external teams as needed. Respond to system or production related alerts. Participate in an on-call support for providing after-hours support. Use monitoring tools such as New-Relic to gauge system performance. Capacity to work with a high degree of professionalism, engaging multiple teams and vendors. Advanced Windows operating system and applications support. Become thoroughly familiar with and manage all compliance and security requirements, adhering to all company policies and standards. Management of SaaS application servers. This includes working with application teams responsible for hosted apps, performing application and OS updates as needed, and maintaining server security and compliance as required. Code deployments: .NET application with a willingness to periodically perform deployments late at night, and sometimes on weekends. Code deployment documentation remediation; working with application developers to refine process as needed. Periodic platform upgrades as needed. Manage performance analysis, process improvement, and task automation Manage systems capacity planning. Creation and updating of architectural documentation as needed. Basic understanding of MS SQL, query structure, database administration, and performance optimization. Experience working with SQL DBAs. Attend departmental, project and general meetings and effectively represent current status as appropriate. Participate in company provided training and perform independent training and research as appropriate. Install system patches and application updates as directed. Qualifications : Knowledge Active Directory User and Account management Windows Server 2012 support, including local user/group management, security policy, task scheduler, event logs, performance monitoring, group policy, powershell remoting, file/share permissions. VMware virtualization concepts and VSphere knowledge IIS 7.x and 8.x configurations and application pools; familiarity with the various authentication configurations within IIS. Scripting languages a plus, particularly PowerShell; at least a general understanding of cmdlets, and familiarity with basic scripting concepts. APM's (They use New Relic, but any APM experience is important.) Load Balancing concepts (F5, Kemp, HaProxy etc) Certificate services and how to configure SSL IIS or server certs. Linux OS (Centos/Redhat) a plus Skills Capacity to take initiative; desire to become a self-starter. Willingness to find problems and come up with creative solutions. A strong willingness to learn, and accept instruction. Willingness to become a subject matter expert' in assigned support area. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Possess critical thinking and analytical skills. Ability to think strategically and perform risk analysis. Ability to balance priorities in order to meet multiple requirements and deadlines while ensuring priority objectives receive proper emphasis. Ability to accept change and adapt to shifting priorities. Effective time management and prioritization skills. Able to think and react positively and professionally even in stressful situations. Any offer of employment will be conditional, based on successfully passing a Criminal Background Check and Drug Screen. Meridian Technology Group is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO) and non-discrimination for all employees in all job classifications and for prospective employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, physical or mental disability, national origin, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal or state law. All hiring is contingent on eligibility to work in the United States. We are unable to sponsor applicants for work visas therefore, all applicants should be eligible to work without sponsorship, as sponsorship is not available at this time. Additionally, F-1 Visa holders are not eligible for consideration. No 3rd party companies/candidates. Please email your resume now or contact us for more details: Meridian Technology Group Recruiting Team (214)273-4497 or (817)601-4651 in Texas (800)698-0853 outside Texas www.meridiangroup.com jobs.meridiangroup.com Ready? click to apply online