The Department of Anesthesia and Perioperative Care (DAPC) Quality and Safety Program Manager will manage a large portfolio of quality initiatives (e.g. reduction of readmission rate, mortality reviews, reviews of sentinel events, etc.); identify and allocate resources needed for successful implementation; manage data from Medical Center sources and assimilate these data into analytic datasets; educate faculty and staff on Quality Improvement (QI); and develop QI research projects. The Quality and Safety Program Manager will oversee all aspects of quality/process improvement projects within the DAPC from implementation to publication of trends and results through dashboard reports. The individual will provide consultative service for faculty and staff; work directly with faculty to coordinate clinical review of initiatives; perform post-program review of all projects; and develop conclusions, recommendations, and presentations for divisional, departmental, and hospital leadership. S/he will provide QI leadership, train faculty and staff QI methodology, and support faculty with QI-related research. In addition to the DAPC Quality and Safety Program Manager role, the individual will also serve as the Improvement Specialist (IS) for the Department of Anesthesia and Perioperative Care. Reporting to the Vice Chair of Quality, the DAPC IS will work independently and in collaboration with the Department Chair, and DAPC Vice Chair of Quality. The DAPC team will be jointly accountable for unit performance, operational excellence and achieving patient quality, value and service outcomes. The DAPC IS will partner with the QI group to implement a culture of continuous process improvement, drive accountability and implement projects directed to achieve goals. This is accomplished by supporting designated clinical units using Continuous Process Improvement (CPI) and lean principles, providing project management, data analysis and metric expertise. The IS will collaborate with high level management at the CPI Hub and Medical Center on decisions that will have long lasting financial and operational ramifications for the UCSF Health. ANESTHESIA AND PERIOPERATIVE CARE UCSF’s Department of Anesthesia is one of the largest departments in the School of Medicine at UCSF. The missions of the department include research (basic and clinical), teaching, patient care, and public service. The department is organized across five sites. The Department of Anesthesia provides anesthesia service for UCSF’s five integrated facilities: Moffitt/Long Hospital (pre-op, inpatient and outpatient), Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital – ZSFG (inpatient and outpatient, including a very active trauma service), San Francisco Veterans Affairs Medical Center – SFVAMC (inpatient and outpatient), Mission Bay Hospital (OB and Pediatric inpatient and outpatients), and the UCSF/Mt. Zion Medical Center (inpatient and outpatient, including a chronic pain management clinic). Authority and accountability for the department rest with the Department Chairman who directs the site Chiefs of Service and mission-based Vice Chairs. The department consist of 259 Faculty members, 160 Staff employees, four Fellows, 84 Residents, 38 Non-Faculty Academics, and five Post-Docs and 47 Certified Registered Nurse. The department’s annual budget is $100 million. The department has ranked first in NIH funding in six of the last eight years. In 2017, UC San Francisco received more biomedical research funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) than any other public institution, continuing a seven-year trend. In addition, UCSF was the second-highest grant recipient among all public and private institutions nationwide. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences. LI-JC1