We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity that is artificial intelligence. The convergence of data and technology is transforming industries, society and even the workplace. CognitiveScale is looking for talent to drive market success by building AI-driven business solutions. We are seeking a high-performing, visual designer to bring AI products and experiences to life. This role will focus on partnering with the product team to understand requirements, produce wireframes and visual designs, iterate on the user experience to be implemented by software engineers. Given the uncharted territory of cognitive and artificial intelligence, the ideal candidate is an innovative problem solver, a strong collaborator, someone who can manage competing priorities, and most importantly, someone who creates compelling and beautiful visual designs. Responsibilities Collaborate across multiple projects and teams Lead and support cross-functional teams through the design process Define user requirements, wireframes and prototypes Iterate with design team through user research and testing Determine appropriate use of design patterns for various implementations Illustrate and present creative and innovative solutions Stay current on industry best practice and emerging trends Skills and Qualifications 4+ years of visual design experience Experience in designing a visual language Extremely creative and innovative Strong collaboration and communication skills Efficient work methodology with a strong attention to detail Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment and tight timelines Diverse and compelling online portfolio Proficient in Sketch Nice to Have Experience with InVision Experience designing software products Experience working with front end developers and/or basic understanding of front end technologies Knowledge of AI applications Please include a link to your portfolio with the application. CognitiveScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer. CognitiveScale does not discriminate against any applicant for employment because of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, or disability. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: CognitiveScale is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please: no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at CognitiveScale via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of CognitiveScale. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by CognitiveScale as a result of the referral or through other means.