The Vice President Technical Operations reports to the SVP Safety, Security and Fleet Operations and is responsible for the continuing airworthiness and availability of JetBlue’s fleet. This encompasses all aspects of maintenance and reliability program development, planning, execution, and compliance, maintenance contractor selection and oversight, inventory management and distribution, technical purchasing and directly liaising with the Federal Aviation Administration. The Vice President is also responsible for establishing department strategies to control maintenance costs. The Vice President Technical Operations is a key member of the Operations team that is dedicated to leading the strategy of Technical Operations in support of the corporate strategy. The Vice President is an impactful leader who is comfortable with maintaining a public profile and is motivated to deliver results on complex projects. The Vice President is also able to build and maintain relationships at all levels within and outside of the organization and exhibits the JetBlue values of S _afety, Caring, Integrity, Passion and Fun._ Essential Responsibilities: Work closely with the SVP Safety, Security and Fleet Operations to establish a clear overall business and operating strategy for the technical operations department. Plan, communicate and implement the total maintenance programs required for the airline’s fleet, consistent with corporate objectives. Establish and control technical safety and airworthiness standards for the aircraft fleet and related maintenance test equipment and facilities, in conformance with requirements set by the FAA. Regularly identify, evaluate, and implement ways to improve reliability, cycle time, quality and cost. Ensure strict and timely compliance with all local and international regulatory requirements, as well as JetBlue’s established policies and procedures. Oversee all maintenance activity of the aircraft fleet, engines and components, as well as associated equipment, either on a direct, in-house basis or through approved third-party providers. Oversee all aircraft modification work in the context of the ongoing evolution of the JetBlue product offering and other requirements. Guarantee the integrity of the technical records of the aircraft fleet. Develop and manage the technical operations budget. Manage relationships with major OEM and MRO providers. Maintain a close and effective liaison with manufacturer and repair facility representatives. Maintain effective communication with all technical operations Crewmembers. Live by and support JetBlue’s corporate values and leadership principles, instilling these into all parts of the technical operations organization. Provide strong and inspired day-to-day leadership to JetBlue’s technical operations department, providing strategic direction to all aspects of its operations and ensuring coordination among the various component functional groups. Represent the technical operations department internally and externally to the global maintenance, repair and overhaul industry. Promote company initiatives and act as a leader and spokesperson as applicable. Preserve a direct relationship with front-line Crewmembers, live by the JetBlue values and lead by the JetBlue Principles of Leadership Other duties as assigned Minimum Experience and Qualifications: High School Diploma or General Education Diploma Valid FAA Airframe & Powerplant license Ten (10) years’ experience in aviation maintenance Seven (7) years’ experience in a leadership role Extensive knowledge of fleet technical management and regulatory requirements Available for moderate overnight travel Able to work flexible hours and be available for an emergency response on short notice Able to pass a ten (10) year background check and pre-employment drug test Legally eligible to work in the country in which the position is located Preferred Experience and Qualifications: Experience leading a large and diverse work force Experience working with the MRO community Crewmember Expectations: Regular attendance and punctuality Potential need to work flexible hours and be available to respond on short-notice Well-groomed and able to maintain a professional appearance When working or traveling on JetBlue flights, and if time permits, all capable Crewmembers are asked to assist with light cleaning of the aircraft Must be an appropriate organizational fit for the JetBlue culture, that is, exhibit the JetBlue values of Safety, Caring, Integrity, Fun and Passion Must fulfill safety accountabilities as prescribed by JetBlue’s Safety Management System Promote JetBlue’s 1 value of safety as a Safety Ambassador, supporting JetBlue’s Safety Management System (SMS) components, Safety Policy and behavioral standards Identify safety and security concerns, issues, incidents or hazards that should be reported and report them whenever possible and by any means necessary including JetBlue’s confidential reporting systems (Aviation Safety Action Program (ASAP) and Safety Action Report (SAR)) Responsible for adhering to all applicable laws, regulations (FAA, OSHA, DOT, etc.) and Company policies, procedures and risk controls Uphold JetBlue’s safety performance metric goals and understand how they relate to their duties and responsibilities Equipment: Computer and other office equipment Hangar Environment Physical Effort: Generally not required, or up to 10 pounds occasionally, 0 pounds frequently. (Sedentary) Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the crewmember(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of individuals in this position. may be subject to change as the needs of the organization change. JetBlue Airways Corp. is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. EEO is the Law EEO is the Law GINA Supplement