Description We believe that true excellence is only delivered by people with the knowledge, tools and passion to set standards rather than chase them. Do you catch yourself searching the sky when you hear an airplane flying overhead? Embrace your passion for aviation and let your career take off with Menzies Aviation. As a leading global provider of Passenger Services, Ramp Handling, Cargo Handling, Technical Support and Fueling services, we provide a range of career opportunities. View our video to see how members of our leadership team started their careers with Menzies Aviation https://youtu.be/O-EYcIUrOks View our Cabin Cleaner video here: https://youtu.be/l26pfax-7Cs As a member of our cabin cleaning team you will be responsible for the safe and efficient cleaning of aircraft cabins. Some of the duties will include preparing cleaning solvents for use, vacuuming, sweeping, dusting and disinfecting of the aircraft cabin. You will also be required to remove blankets and pillows and replace them with clean ones. Cleaning solvents need to be stored correctly after use and all soiled linens deposited into laundry bins. You will be driving and operating small specialized commercial vehicles at times and as such you will require a valid driver’s license with a clear driving record. You and your team will be required to maintain a safe and secure work environment, in accordance with local health, safety, and security policies and procedures. We cross-train our employees so you may be expected to work in other areas of the operation. While previous experience may be beneficial, it is not required as we provide classroom and on the job training to ensure you are fully trained for your new position prior to starting. Requirements To be part of our high performing team, you will need to be at least 18 years of age, be able to speak, read and write in English proficiently and have authorization to work in the US. All airport staff working airside must be badged by the relevant airport authority. In order to obtain an airport identification badge with a customs seal, you will need to pass all FBI and other background checks. We take the safety of our staff, customers and passengers seriously and as such, you will have to be willing to submit and pass a drug and physical abilities test. The job is a physical job and requires lifting up to 70lbs continuously, pushing, pulling, bending, stretching and frequent kneeling. The job is primarily done outdoors which will require you to work in all weather conditions. A flexible schedule is needed due to the ever changing airline schedules. Apply now to join the Menzies team – a team that delivers excellence from touchdown to take-off