Description Do you enjoy finding that piece of information that can change the trajectory of a business? Are you driven to understand why customers do what they do and use data to discover the reasons? The 1-800-Flowers.com, Inc. group is seeking a marketing business analyst to join its Melrose Park-based team. As a Business Analyst you will drive the analysis, data discovery and interpretation of data as it relates to our enterprise customers. You will work closely with the various marketing teams for the 1-800-Flowers.com Midwest Food Brands for financial reporting, customer segmentation and ongoing performance analysis. This person will be a key member of the Enterprise Business Intelligence team, and be responsible for developing accurate, timely, and comprehensive reports for facilitating management decisions. We are a small, driven and flexible team looking for someone who has a knack for identifying new insights through data and who has experience working with Tableau or SAS Visual Analytics to join our team. Responsibilities: Develop insights and recommendations that will help develop effective marketing, merchandising and operational strategies. Ensure that all marketing channels and promotions are tracked, identifying issues and developing options to drive more customers. Ensure the accuracy of the reporting data and analytics. Be an effective communicator to relay information from Marketing Leadership with Midwest Food Brands to the Business Intelligence Team based in NY. Lead analysis efforts surrounding how customers interact with all of our brands and identify opportunities to increase their enterprise wide retention. Financial reporting across brands and marketing channels to ensure proper revenue allocation Manage and report on testing efforts creating statistically sound tests that provide valuable insights. Requirements M.S. in Statistics, Economics, Data Analytics or similar. Experience working with large volumes of data, combining and reconciling data from different sources with proven ability to turn raw data into informative insight. 5+ years' experience in retail, online, and/or direct marketing or marketing analytics Experience in MS Office applications and reporting tools. Above average to expert Excel skills a must. 1-2 years of programming experience in Tableau and SAS Visual Analytics Strong communication skills & ability to be self-managed. Ability to partner with business leaders and ensure measurable marketing success Ability to work on multiple concurrent assignments About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.