POSITION SUMMARY This position reports to the Manager of Financial Applications. Paramount to the success of this role is the Sr. Oracle Applications Developer's ability to collaborate with business systems analysts, other developers and other application consultants with the common goal of creating and simplifying systems, functions and processes. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Information Systems, Computer science, Business or other related scientific or technical discipline or may substitute an equivalent combination of professional certifications demonstrating technical proficiency, technical education and experience. Coding and Development certifications EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 8+ years of experience in application design and development and PL/SQL programming. Should have end to end implementation experience in R12. Strong in Oracle Financials (AP, AR, GL, FA, PA, CM) and Supply Chain (PO, OM and INV) for R12 Works with Oracle ERP business systems analysts, technical developers and other subject matter experts to facilitate, lead and contribute delivery of projects. Very strong in developing and testing all identified RICE components required to satisfy application requirements. 3+ years of experience in the design, execution, operation and evolution of web services based, service oriented architecture solutions utilizing REST, RPC and messaging paradigms Demonstrated experience as an architecture leader for successful application modernization and consolidation projects Cloud architecture, deployment and hosting experience with Azure, AWS or other a plus Experience using ticketing systems like Service Now to track and work incidents, service requests and enhancements. Demonstrated experience in running oracle diagnostics and creating Oracle Support SR's and working with Oracle to resolve incidents Experience with version tracking systems such as TFS and Subversion Ability to establish performance levels to achieve individual and group goals; trains in necessary skills needed to succeed and advance Technical Capability: Hands on experience with design, development, implementing, customizing and supporting Oracle EBS especially Financials, Project Accounting, Purchasing and Inventory modules. 6+ years working knowledge of Oracle Developer suite ( Forms/ Reports), Oracle JDeveloper, Oracle Workflow Builder, SQL/PLSQL , Unix Shell scripting , BI Publisher reports, Oracle Reports 6i, 10g, Forms Personalization, Custom.plls, OA Framework personalizations and customizations , SQL tuning and SQLLoader. Participate in code review processes for technical objects. Well experienced in writing technical documentations using AIM documentation templates and standards. Define and document detailed coding specifications. Develop interface components to support other systems such as Maximo, Right Angle, Hyperion, etc. Ability to resolve increasingly complex problems Ability to adjust work schedule to accommodate unexpected changes MAJOR ACCOUNTABILITIES Able to identify and fill in missing business requirements on behalf of users. Proactive and motivated to improve business operations by looking for patterns of recurring problems that should be addressed and looking out for future problems that may impact the business. Translate software requirements into workable programming code and maintain and develop programs for use in business Ability to break down program specification into its simplest elements and translating this logic into a programming language; Understanding of ERP solutions. Solid understanding of Software Development Lifecycle and Agile Deployment. Ability to work independently and also work as part of a team. Create testing sample data-sets to check that output from the program works as intended. Managing activities such as Configurations and Migrations with due process adherence. Assisting with User acceptance testing to ensure the program can be used easily, quickly and accurately Writing detailed documentation for the operation of the program by users and computer operators Creating consulting manuals, periodicals and technical reports to learn new ways to develop programs and maintain existing skills and knowledge. Updating, repairing, modifying and developing existing software and generic applications. Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, as well as creativity and the ability to work with abstract concepts. Interpersonal skills to support interaction and collaboration across the enterprise. Convey complex ideas and concepts to all levels Ability to coach/mentor development teams Pursues self-development and learning of emerging technologies and best practices. Critical and analytical thinking. Regularly communicate and collaborate with Supervisor progress statuses, concerns and questions EXPECTED RESULTS _Results or outcomes for which the job incumbent is responsible_ Manage the complex technical delivery of projects from development of partnerships to on-time and budget meeting desired business outcomes and acting with a sense of urgency. Understand team dynamics and utilizes these strengths to achieve results in collaboration with all different levels within the company to accomplish a common goal. Ensure consistently accurate technical designs and code development in a complex, changing environment. Keep current with new and emerging technology related to area of responsibility; participates in continuing education related to the position. Contribute to the Application Portfolio and Application Schematics. Adherence to all company policies and procedures. _CVR Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer_