About codeSpark codeSpark is turning programing into play for kids everywhere. We’re building the largest community of young kid coders in the world. Our award-winning app, codeSpark Academy, has a unique word-free interface that allows kids as young as four to become makers. We have a strong focus on making codeSpark Academy exciting for both girls and boys. We believe all kids should have the opportunity to master this new form of literacy and creative expression. Our self-directed subscription service thoughtfully combines structured challenges and open-ended creative play. Parents pay for home use while the service is free for schools and libraries. Responsibilities We are looking for a talented and experienced full-stack developer with an emphasis on the front end to build robust internal tools, customer-facing dashboards and marketing sites that support our coding game apps. You will be joining a small, experienced team and working across a number of departments including engineering, marketing and analytics and be the primary developer on the projects you own. Requirements Code responsive and clean front ends using React Maintain Node/Express servers to support the front end Work with artists and designers to implement creative vision Write unit tests Optimize technology and design for mobile and desktop browsers Familiarity with MongoDB or similar Recommended Experience with user testing and iterative design methodologies Familiarity with AWS hosting, scaling, monitoring, and best practices Experience working in education, ed-tech, games, or kids entertainment field Current Examples: codeSpark website: https://codespark.com/ codeSpark Teacher Dashboard: https://dashboard.codespark.com/ codeSpark blog: https://blog.codespark.com/ Perks Opportunity to shape strategy for a company having a global impact on K-6 education. The rare opportunity to change the world by helping create the first generation in history that is truly connected and collaborative. The fun of building an effective and multi-award winning product that is beloved by customers. Sharp, motivated co-workers in a creative and supportive office environment. What we value Intellectual curiosity. Strong problem solving skills. Teaching or coaching experience for kids 5-9. A deep love of play and silliness. A love of games. Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion codeSpark believes in diversity and inclusion of all people, of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, educational backgrounds, religions, abilities, socioeconomic backgrounds, immigration statuses, and more. Just as we hope to close access gaps in computer science education, we aim to create a culture within codeSpark that is inclusive and accessible to all current and potential employees. To date, the codeSpark team is 50% women and 50% people of color.