Given the growth that Efficio is going through, and with the recent opening of an office in New York, we are looking for procurement and supply chain Management Consultants to support our increasing presence in the US. Based out of our office in midtown New York, our Consultants will spend up to 4 days on client site anywhere in the US. Efficio Consultants lead specific workstreams on consulting projects. They manage the collection and analysis of client data and contribute to the development of recommendations and solutions. Once the strategies are agreed with the client, Consultants are responsible for planning and implementing them, and ensuring that targeted outcomes are achieved. Consultants provide support, guidance and direction to Efficio Business Analysts (Junior Consultants) on projects, and ensure Efficio methodologies and processes are followed. They are typically accountable to a more senior consultant on specific projects, but are given significant responsibility for their workstream - for example, they may lead and be responsible for successful negotiations with suppliers. They must be confident in their ability to challenge existing ways of working, recognise opportunities and identify innovative solutions that add real value to clients. Consultants are also responsible for managing key relationships with client stakeholders, leveraging their institutional knowledge and expertise, and ensuring buy-in to the agreed strategies. While a strong grasp of the detail and a ‘hands-on’ approach are essential, excellent interpersonal and leadership skills are key to success in this role. For those with the talent, drive and ambition to excel, it provides a unique opportunity to take their consulting career to the next level. Essential Requirements Must have some relevant management consulting experience within a leading consultancy An exemplary academic background; preferably with a top degree in Engineering, Science, Business, or Economics Must have the right to work in the country in which you are applying Desirable Requirements Demonstrated ability to work in complex environments both independently and as part of a team Strong analytical skills and problem solving ability Ability to isolate key issues and draw sound conclusions Proficiency in the use of Excel and PowerPoint Proactive, inquiring approach Strong communicator with the ability to influence stakeholders of all levels Willingness and desire to travel is required