Overview The Data Services Developer will be a member of the Data Services team in TCW’s Information Technology Department that works closely with investment professionals and technology colleagues in developing enterprise solutions. The team is also responsible for providing support in various data marts for our fixed income trading desk, client statements and other Corporate Services initiatives. In addition, the IT Data Services team develops and supports middle tier based solutions such as financial security setup and maintenance as well as data quality rule creation. The Data Services Developer will be responsible for completing a variety of application development projects and tasks to meet the team’s objective of providing value delivery to our internal clients consistently, ultimately ensuring our commitment to our external clients. This position requires strong business application development and financial engineering experience and ability to collaborate directly with various teams to improve processes and enhance capabilities in an ever-changing business environment. We are looking for a senior-level developer who can enhance our support capability, including our middle tier platform (Json based REST web services), using a loosely coupled framework and also strengthen support for our application architecture which involves WPF/MVVM development in a C environment. Responsibilities Plan, design, develop and test business critical software solutions in concert with project team and in collaboration with business customers. Provide support and enhancements to the middle tier platform and application architecture of our mission critical systems including providing overnight support when needed. Research and maintain knowledge in emerging technologies and possible application to the business practices and processes. Minimum Qualifications 3+ years of experience in middle-tier development. (RESTful, Asynchronous, Duplex) in a C based environment 5+ years of experience in database technology using Microsoft SQL server (T-SQL, stored procs, views) 3+ years of experience in ETL using Microsoft Integration services(SSIS) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent Desired Qualifications UI development experience (WPF, MVVM, Prism/Unity, C) Data Warehousing using Kimball Methodology Familiarity and experience with web service deployment (using IIS) Report development using SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) Understanding of the Asset Management industry