CAMRIS International is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. With experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. We apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. CAMRIS clients include U.S. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. Our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research. CAMRIS is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the National Institutes of Health (NIH- which is comprised of the Office of the Director and 27 Institutes and Centers) in meeting its operational objectives. Note: The positions are contigent on contract award. Responsibilities Provides maintenance of database operations and assist in repairing corrupted database systems to normal operations. Develops simple and complex queries to retrieve data and reformat into acceptable formats for reporting requests. Provides back-up and recovery, including the use of complex utility programs. Creates databases to share common information among the staff or contribute to scientific research objectives. Assemble PC workstation components and configure CPU environments to a predetermined scheme. Tests new or modified computer applications, off-the-shelf products, and existing software. Develops a new disaster recovery plan for production databases. Develops and implements long-range hardware and software upgrade paths for existing equipment and databases. Qualifications 2-10+ years experience in a related field. Experience in the development of database design, implementation, installation, upgrade analysis and web design. Strong oral and written communication skills. Knowledge of Federal information technology laws and regulations. Skill in applying IT software development methods and practices to provide design and development support. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in IT or computer science.