Full Time This position reports directly to the Operations Manager and offers a great opportunity to develop your career in a dynamic position that offers a diverse set of challenges. If you are a self-starter, ready for long term career growth, and encompass a great attention to detail; then we are looking for you. We have employees who have been with us 7+ years and have garnered the benefits of our appreciation for their loyalty. Experience: Min 2 years Education: High School + Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 6:00pm Atmosphere is professional yet casual General Duties Professional and courteous initial contact for the company Answering multi-line phone; occasional heavy call volume Field incoming calls to the appropriate departments Typing, copying, filing, faxing and scheduling of routine tasks Order and track inventory of office supplies Distribute mail to appropriate departments Office Operations Duties Open the office punctually at 8:30am , M-F Handle general inquiries, accounts receivable calls and work with customers to resolve accounting issues. Daily A/R and preparation of bank deposits Processing various paperwork to include quotes, service contracts, service and hardware order forms, cancellations, etc. Prepare quotes, service contracts, invoices, and order forms Maintain detailed tracking of all service orders Update internal databases as necessary to maintain current technical, accounting and customer records Occasional hands-on, walk-thru customer support Various projects as assigned by management Vendor Facing Duties Service Qualification and Pricing Qualify customers for services and prepare price quotations based on qualification results Obtain updated vendor pricing quotes for services as necessary Assist in maintaining internal service pricing guide Maintain updated access information for online vendor databases Service Provisioning Act as main point of contact for Vendors Ordering of data circuits and confirming technical details for delivery of service Coordinate with internal Technical staff to schedule final delivery of service. Maintain open communications with customer during provisioning and after delivery of service Update internal databases as necessary Bookkeeping Assist in the auditing of accounts payable for circuit Vendors and first billing for all newly installed circuits. Claims submission through resolution for all billing discrepancies Maintain open communication of issues with internal AR/AP Desired Skills Punctual and dependable. Reliable transportation required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills mandatory Experience handling multiple-line phones Must be able to manage time effectively Self-motivated, resourceful and analytical Exceptional customer service skills necessary Ability to work independently and as part of a team Knowledge of internet services/circuits highly desirable! Experience using the following software applications: MS Windows, Word, Excel, Power Point, Web browsing, Email Mozilla browser/email client MYOB SalesForce.com online marketing database Benefits Paid Vacation & Holidays 401K with company matching Full Healthcare coverage To apply for a position, send your resume to us, via e-mail or via fax to (310) 577-3360.