Overview Manage and direct the day-to-day activities of the Quality Engineers. Provide planning, leadership and consultative support for the implementation and maintenance of customer quality and warranty system requirements and continuous improvement methodologies. Responsibilities Determine inspection methods, techniques, facility needs and frequency of applications of non-destructive, destructive, dimensional, functional, environment, and other testing; direct calibration and certification of test equipment and measuring instruments as required. Determine cause of production quality problems, make recommendations to management team and QE for corrective actions; direct analysis of inspection data in order to detect recurrent quality control problems and provide solutions through corrective and preventive action. Implement, organize, and maintain the Quality System; direct efforts of all departments in the attainment and maintenance of certification/registration; maintain the QA processes, procedures, and standards; keep Quality manual current and available to all personnel. Oversee the continual monitoring and improvement of quality by maintaining statistical process and statistical quality control methods. Analyze the planning of new programs to ensure that all engineering and quality assurance processes standards are controlled; ensure that engineering changes (CSR’s, etc.) have been incorporated in the system properly. Oversee functions and activities of the QE to insure customer satisfaction. Oversee functions and activities of the QE for coordination of any containment activities to prevent suspect or defective product from reaching the customers. Interfaces with engineering and plant quality to obtain root cause analysis on warranty returns. Participates in warranty review meetings (internal and external). Assist Sales and Engineering Teams with information as needed. Act as a liaison between company and customer; respond to customer complaints promptly; take immediate action on complaints and rejections working directly with customer representatives and supported manufacturing locations to expedite solutions. Effectively communicate to various areas of the organization (e.g. supplier quality, supply chain, product technical support, engineering, plant quality, and field service, etc.). Accomplishes staff results by communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results; coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; developing, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, procedures and productivity standards. Support and make recommendations to improve Company policies and procedures. Further the goals and positive, professional image of the Quality and Warranty Departments by analyzing current processes, procedures and systems and makes recommendations for improvement. For Quality and applicable site specific Environmental Systems _,_ the associate is responsible for understanding: MEAA’s policy and be able to fully discuss the importance of the policy and how his/her job can impact the customer and the environment. The risks and consequences associated with deviating from management system procedures and the effect this can have on his/her employment at MEAA. Associates responsible for conformity to product requirements have the authority to stop shipment and stop production to correct quality problems. The associate has the responsibility and authority to immediately inform supervision or management if another associate or department deviates from proper practices that may impact safety, quality, or the environment. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in technical or business related field or related area, (plus a minimum of ten years’ experience in a manufacturing, quality, and warranty, or equivalent). Master’s Degree a plus. 8+ years of supervisor and/or management experience required. Six Sigma Black Belt certification and lean manufacturing experience a plus. Standard quality problem solving tools required (Ishikawa, 8D, 5-Why, FMEA, DRBFM, Fishbone, etc.). Electrical and electronic parts background preferred. Familiarity with manufacturing processes, total quality management techniques, inspection and test methods and equipment required. Broad engineering knowledge including mechanical and electronic design practices, characteristics of materials and components, mathematics including statistical control methods and IATF16949/ISO14001 system implementation. Strong leadership and communications skills required. Written, verbal, and cross-cultural communication skills. Computer literate, especially in Microsoft Office programs. Shift 1st