POSITION PURPOSE - Application Architect – Digital Health Under the direction of the Digital Health leadership team, the Application Architect is a key member of the digital delivery team and is responsible for maintaining and improving the ecosystem that supports consumer facing initiatives and advanced analytics to support development and launch of strategic products and services within the digital health business unit. Monitors marketplace trends like cloud adoption, blockchain and other emerging tech trends to help ensure the ecosystem remains technologically relevant and able to support future products in development. Key responsibilities include working with distributed technology teams, market research, presentation of ideas and obtaining buy in from the organization, rapid prototyping and support of the lab/dev environments. A broad technical background spanning across many IT and non IT disciplines; examples include business analysis, development, engineering, cloud, virtualization and containerization, big data and enterprise systems management. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Participates in review and triage of new functionality enhancements and defects for a single application. Provides input into current functional abilities and options within product suite. Facilitates changes or enhancements to functionality as requested by customers either due to operational needs or as a result of project implementation. Defines business and technical impact of new individual application functionality introduced by product suite upgrades. Researches and contributes to recommendations into timing of introduction of new functionality. Supports upgrade design process and decision-making with departmental leadership representative. Participates in application integration decisions with impacts across applications. Eliminates surprises for product teams. Develops integration documentation within product teams. Supports and researches data integration decisions as they impact an individual departmental application or venue of care. Advises and develops solutions to upstream and downstream data standards and data integrity issues. Provides consulting and conducts reviews through the implementation liefcycle of individual departmental application. Project assistance includes support of major initiatives in design and solution phases. Supports activations, post- activation reviews and individual application operationally following project. Prioritizes and manages work relative to critical project timelines with in a fast paced environment. Investigates issues identified by ITS and site personnel. Validates impact. Supports Trinity Health management to priorities vendor, ITS and business process issues. Defines issues and recommends solutions. Successfully communicates conceptual ideas and design rationale. Integrates internal and external (vendor) product design into a cohesive user experience. Designs limited user interfaces and workflows within single application. Supports business process workflow. Recommends innovative application solutions to product workflow, patient safety, productivity and financial problems. Develops new approaches to complex design problems within individual application. Translates field research findings into usability and departmental application design improvements. Advises technology teams on business impacts and determines approach in technology/business crossover issues. Knows, understands, incorporates, and demonstrates the Trinity Health Mission, Vision, and Values in behaviors, practices, and decisions. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, the Compliance Accountability Program, Code of Ethics, as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical, and professional behavior. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Healthcare or related field or an equivalent combination of education or experience. Five (5) years Information Technology experience, including three (3) years management experience preferred. Broad knowledge of healthcare processes and data linkages across clinical, financial and patient administrative area. Demonstrates superior written and verbal communication, human relations, management and presentation skills. Strong analytical, organizational and group process skills. Demonstrates ability to work at a detailed level and design solutions for the “big picture.” Must be comfortable operating in a collaborative shared leadership environment. Must possess a personal presence that is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of Trinity Health.