MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES Assess and analyze external customer requirements and needs related to healthcare quality, cost and provider performance. Translate complex clinical scenarios, business questions outcome performance into modeling and data requirements. Work independently or be a team lead to execute complex modeling and data requirements producing sound, comprehensive economic analysis that provides value and fulfills the client’s needs. Develop predictive models and algorithms to quantify business opportunities and identify drivers of cost, quality and provider performance. Drive a repeatable analytic process, and consistently deliver best-in-class reporting to multiple business stakeholders. Provide timely and accurate ad hoc analyses on internal and external utilization management projects, solutions, or new investments to determine the precise impact on healthcare cost. Effectively communicate medical economic strategies, plans, and analyses, reports, etc. to senior management and Client SME’s Work on a team to synthesize business intelligence and trend/benchmarking data to generate a reporting structure that is readily available and supports relevant recommendations for action to clients and internal business owners. Develop, maintain and update methods, processes, databases, dashboards, tools which support Client reporting Significant experience on data structures, claims, medical records and querying and analytical tools (SQL/SAS/BI tools) Play a significant role in HealthHelp’s data governance, conducting analyses and identifying data integrity issues to be vetted through our data governance structure for escalation and resolution. Required Skills GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree required, preferably in Business, Finance, Computer Science/IT, Health Informatics, Economics, Epidemiology or Math. Master’s degree Preferred. Minimum of Five (5) years of direct experience in Healthcare analytics using Medical Claims and healthcare records. Excellent group presentation, interpersonal and written communication skills. Proven ability to complete projects and achieve results in an ambiguous work environment. Proficient analytical and problem-solving skills. Substantial knowledge of database structures, data querying, ETL, MDM, distributed computing tools, data mining, data auditing and technical documentation preferred. Ability to create and foster a cooperative team work environment. Direct and significant experience in business intelligence applications and/or statistical analysis software including SQL/MySQL/R, SAS, Tableau, Minitab, Matlab, Crystal Reports, Business Objects Desktop(Web based) Intelligence. Required Experience