- The future is full of possibilities. At Banner Health, we’re excited about what the future holds for health care. That’s why we’re changing the industry to make the experience the best it can be. Our team has come together with the common goal: Make health care easier, so life can be better. The future of health care starts here. If you’re ready to change lives, we want to hear from you. Apply today. Population Health Management provides case management services to the top 7% of BHN members in an effort to assist members with their health care needs and disease management with a goal of self-management, reduced hospital admissions and ED utilization, and increased compliance. As a Health Partner working within our Population Health Management team, you will be working with members to address psycho-social barriers and social determinants that impact their ability to manage their health care, particularly during periods of transition from one level of care to another, e.g. from SNF to home. Schedule: Monday-Friday; business hours Opportunities to work from home after training This position will have opportunities to either support West Valley- Peoria/Sun City West, or Easy Valley-Mesa Your pay and benefits (Total Rewards) are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life. - About Banner Health Network & Banner Plan Administration Banner Health Network (BHN) is an accountable care organization that joins Arizona's largest health care provider, Banner Health, and an extensive network of primary care and specialty physicians to provide the most comprehensive healthcare solutions for Maricopa County and parts of Pinal County. Through BHN, known nationally as an innovative leader in new health care models, insurance plans and physicians are coming together to work collaboratively to keep members in optimal health, while reducing costs. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position will be responsible to manage the rising risk members in the population. The Health Partner will be the main point of contact for members and providers across care settings. The aim is to better manage members in ambulatory setting providing a variety of support functions which contribute to the overall improvement in members healthcare quality of life as well as efficient use of resources. Engages the appropriate resources within the multidisciplinary team to achieve optimal results for the patient, family, and care givers. This position provides comprehensive care coordination for patients as assigned. This position ensures adherence to the plan of care and develops, implements, monitors and documents the utilization of resources and progress of the member through their care, facilitating options and services to meet the members health care needs. Essential Functions Manages individual patients across the health care continuum (longitudinal support) to achieve the optimal clinical, financial, operational, and satisfaction outcomes. Coachs members regularly regarding disease related symptom management. Advises members on lifestyle choices to improve prognosis and overall health. Provides patient monitoring, education, and supports patient care plan adherence. Provides self-management support. Including but not limited to: using checklists and escalating as prescribed by protocols, promoting healthy behaviors, imparting problem-solving skills, and assisting with the emotional impact of chronic illness, providing regular follow up and encouraging people to be active participants in their care. Applies the skills of motivational interviewing to promote the above lifestyle changes. Provides emotional support by showing interest, inquiring about emotional issues, showing compassion and teaching compassion. Establishes and promotes a collaborative relationship with physicians, payers, and other members of the health care team. Collects and communicates pertinent, timely information to payers and others to fulfill utilization and regulatory requirements. Bridges gaps between the member and the clinical team including but not limited to following up with members, asking about needs and obstacles, and addressing health literacy, cultural issues and social-class barriers. Meets and accompanies the patient and family to their initial appointments. Assists patients in navigating the health care system by connecting the client with resources, facilitating support and empowering the patient. Educates internal members of the health care team on care management and managed care concepts. Facilitates integration of concepts into daily practice. Minimum Qualifications Requires a Masters Degree in Social Work or related degree with three years of experience directly related to care management in health plan/mgmt./quality. Requires a Licensed Master Social Worker (LMSW) (equivalent) or Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW). An equivalent license applies to states that do not recognize an LMSW; therefore, the employee must possess a Masters Degree and be a Licensed Social Worker. Must have highly developed interpersonal and critical thinking skills with the ability to prioritize needs rapidly. This position requires the ability to convey messages and thoughts clearly to a diverse audience, using both verbal and written mediums. Requires the ability to promote change among patients. Responsible, caring and respect for older persons. Requires the ability to coordinate information and activities, work under stress of deadlines and frequent interruptions, and to possess analytical problem solving skills. Must possess excellent organizational skills, as well as effective human relations and communication skills. Computer literacy and keyboarding skills is required. Must be proficient in the use of system office applications. Must possess a basic understanding of integrated clinical systems. Provide own transportation, required to possess a valid drivers license and be eligible for coverage under the companys auto insurance policy. Preferred Qualifications Certification with nationally recognized healthcare organization, such as CCM, preferred. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.