Control-Tec, an Aptiv company, is a global provider of telematics and analytics solutions serving the transportation industry in the Light-duty, Heavy-duty, Recreational, Agriculture, Locomotive, and Industrial sectors. The CT® solution combines comprehensive data acquisition methods with a powerful edge and cloud computing architecture resulting in an enterprise-class solution for fleet management, product development, connected vehicle and data exchange applications. Control-Tec’s Qualifier platform enables automotive OEMs to possess the speed, flexibility, reliability, cost savings and collaboration needed to successfully develop today’s software centric machines. Since 2008, Control- Tec has supported the development of data solutions that enable robust design, development and validation for powertrain, vehicle, and electrical system domains. This unmatched expertise of both vehicle systems and data analytics uniquely positions Control-Tec to offer our clients the ability to avoid warranty cost, improve product quality, enhance customer experience and optimize an increasingly connected portfolio. Position Summary: The Java/Spring developer is primarily responsible for programming, implementing, testing and maintaining RESTful backend services. Job Responsibilities Develop, code or modify, test, and debug application programs of varying degree of complexity Work with business users to develop and implement acceptance test plan to ensure that product meets customer requirements and expectations Train end users and assist technical support staff on use of application systems software as needed Maintain regular written communication on project status with team lead, project management, and executive management Troubleshoot production problems within assigned applications software Develop or assist in the development of a statement of requirements for software development projects Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers, and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements, and interfaces Modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation Establish and maintain customer/internal data creation standards Develop, or assist in the development of a statement of requirements for software development projects Investigate, identify, and implement application system changes and/or develop new applications Analyze and evaluate existing or proposed application systems to process data Analyze, define, and document requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware, operating system environment, interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks and controls, and outputs Stay current in training of the latest software and computer technology Minimum Requirements BS degree in Computer science, Computer Engineering, or related degree programs. 5+ years of professional experience in design, development, and support of Java Spring based web applications. Practical experience with Java 8, OOP, functional programming, and design patterns. Experience with building Spring based RESTful web services using Spring Core, Spring Boot, Spring MVC and Spring Data. Experience with Spring Security and Oauth2. Familiar with Jackson, Validation (JSR 303), Ajax calls, and JSON. Experience writing unit and integration test cases. Strong debugging skills, code optimization, and performance tuning. Hands on experience with MongoDB (+2 years). Hands on experience with SQL databases (e.g. MySQL) and JDBC. Experience with Git and build tools (e.g., Gradle or Maven). Strong communication and documentation skills. Passionate about technology, software, and data. Have the ability to work under pressure with strict timelines. Desirable Requirements Experience with Microservices architecture. Experience with containers and orchestration (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes and Docker Swarm) Familiar with scripting languages like Bash and Python.