Position Description/Responsibilities (CCC/Vendor) CAI is looking for a person to help with Compliance issues. Ideal candidate recent college graduate to 2 years experience. Candidate does not need any practical experience besides IT schooling/personal background...but will be teaching the following below: Insider Threat: analyze output logs for data removal via email, transfer, and application move. Compare file names and source location to validate Intellectual property Unauthorized Host: Check logs for devices connected to network without proper AD account. Document Device, open ticket Malware Tickets: Investigate tickets presented by Secureworks and RSA, verify data and open ticket DIB/Research: Search firewall logs to validate source and destination IP to verify malicious activity Secure Projects/ Removable media encryption: Like Insider threat, verify data against known sources and projects Phishing Emails: Obtain suspected email, capture and analyze headers, check URL in Fireeye. Document in ticket Metrics: Update monthly metrics every Friday in sharepoint. Requires use of excel and basic functions and analysis. Candidate needs to be very methodical and attention to details. Local to the greater Boston area preferred EOE Company Overview (CCC Only) EEO Statement: It is the policy of Computer Aid, Inc.(CAI) not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or because he or she is a protected veteran. It is also the policy of CAI to take affirmative action to employ and to advance in employment, all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status, and to base all employment decisions only on valid job requirements. This policy shall apply to all employment actions, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, upgrading, promotion, transfer, demotion, layoff, recall, termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation and selection for training, including apprenticeship, at all levels of employment. Employees and applicants of CAI will not be subject to harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or because he or she is a protected veteran. Additionally, retaliation, including intimidation, threats, or coercion, because an employee or applicant has objected to discrimination, engaged or may engage in filing a complaint, assisted in a review, investigation, or hearing or have otherwise sought to obtain their legal rights under any Federal, State, or local EEO law is prohibited.