Position Purpose The Systems Administrator position is primarily responsible for the research & development, on-boarding, detailed documentation and administration of applications and systems in either a traditional premise-based solution or Cloud-based system. This position is involved in the development of robust and efficient application and system architectures, ensuring detailed and well- tested design of highly reliable, safe, and accurate system architecture, and leading the development of test methodologies and procedures for system integration, verification, and validation. This includes managing requirements and risks, as well as establishing and ensuring appropriate processes, best practices, and documentation for all systems activities. This position is also expected to assist the Helpdesk for support endeavors when required. Soft skills in support as well as desktop support experience is a must. The position utilizes quantitative approaches to design activities, to system and technology integration, deep background and experience in systems & infrastructure engineering and processes, and diversified interdisciplinary experience and knowledge. This position will work closely with the helpdesk team to enable robust diagnostics and reliable system performance and up time in addition to additional desktop support duties as needed. In addition to technical expertise, the Systems Administrator will conduct training for other IT personnel and bring strong leadership, planning, and team building skills. This position will play a major role in IT project initiatives, either as a resource or management of IT projects in the absence of a dedicated Project Manager. The Systems Administrator reports directly to the IT Infrastructure Manager. This position has a bonus potential of up to 10%. Essential Functions AVERAGE % OF TIME 60% Systems Administration Responsibilities – Designs and Maintains the administration of application and systems environments, including traditional premise-based and Cloud-based solutions. Establishes user accounts, email, and directory accounts and implements appropriate security. Participates in trouble ticketing system to track and document all requests of the IT Team. Acts as escalation point for the IT Helpdesk. Designs, implements and administers network devices, including, routers, firewalls, switches and all applicable networking technologies as needed or directed. Participates in the evaluation of new technologies that provide value or addresses problems. Infrastructure Applications installation, configuration and support across the enterprise. Cloud based solutions across the aaS spectrum. Includes implementation, management and administration. Heavy involvement with all IT projects. 10% Helpdesk/Desktop Support Responsibilities – Assist in Help Desk/Desktop Support coverage when needed. Provide phone or on-site support or project- based implementations support as needed. Must provide great customer service interactions with our internal customers. The Systems Administrator will be an escalation point for the Helpdesk as needed and must understand Client/Server and Network Architecture. Will need to be able to troubleshoot and provide resolution in a technical and non-technical capacity. 20% Training/Documentation Responsibilities – Write and perform training for Help Desk staff on various technologies and applications. Review and update technical training and documentation materials to conform to current processes and tools. Extensively document current solutions implementations, including on boarding, configuration, operating procedures, usage etc. Conduct document reviews with the IT Infrastructure Manager, Director of IT Operations and/or VP of Technology 5% Other Responsibilities – Complete special projects as assigned by the Director of IT Operations or VP of Technology such as training for Helpdesk team members or other members of the Prometheus Staff; Assist with special wiring assignments in designing and installing network wiring in offices; Additional tasks as may be assigned from time to time by the Principal or others at the Principal’s direction; Travel will be required and can be on short notice based upon business needs; Position requires participation in on- call schedule with cell phone in the event of outages. 5% Upholding Standards \- Achieve regular attendance in conformity with standards; Comply fully with all Prometheus Real Estate Group rules and regulations for the safe and effective operation of the Prometheus Real Estate Group’s facilities. Required Qualifications, Skills, And Experience The individual must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation, using some other combination of knowledge, skills, and abilities: Bachelor degree in the field of MIS, Information Technology or Computer Science and/or 5 to 8 years equivalent IT experience. Minimum 5 years’ experience supporting, maintaining and administrating enterprise applications or cloud-based solutions. Minimum 5 years’ as a Windows System Administrator with current versions. Minimum 5 years’ with IT project participation or project management Minimum 5 years’ experience using Active Directory, Group Policies Objects, Distributed File Shares and Scripting Minimum 3 years’ experience in technical documentation and diagram toolsMinimum 3 years’ configuring Cisco routers, switches, firewalls Minimum 2 years’ experience in Virtualization platforms such as VMWare and Citrix Minimum 2 years’ experience in Data Storage SAN / VSAN Licenses or Certificates in MCSE, VCP, CCNA, CCNP, CCA strongly desired Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating instructions and procedure manuals and write routine reports and correspondence Must be able to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form Ability to read, analyze and interpret complex documents. Effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, residents, and the general public Must possess basic computational skills; add, subtract, divide, and multiply. Must have the ability to compute rate, discounts, interest, and commissions. Must be able to prepare and analyze data figures and transcriptions generated by a computer Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written or oral form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral diagram, or scheduled form. Ability to speak, communicate, read, write and understand the primary languages used in the workplace including, but not limited to, English in order to maintain safety in the workplace and serve internal and external customers Ability to focus and maintain attention to performance of tasks and to work and complete assignments on time despite frequent stressful, emergency, critical or unusual interruptions. Cultural Requirements Communicator: possesses strong communication skills and enjoys working with internal and external customers. Team-Oriented: embracing our vision of home 360˚. Entrepreneurial: thrives in a fast-paced, changing environment and is excited by the chance to play a large role. Passionate: must be passionate about the business; have the desire to perform every day without needing external motivation. Self-motivated: work with a minimum of supervision and be capable of strategically prioritizing multiple tasks in a pro-active manner. Creative: must be able to see new opportunities that are not apparent to others. Brand Ambassador: must be an ambassador of the Prometheus look; have the ability to create a unique Prometheus experience for all guests. Principled: must be ethical; have the utmost integrity and set a positive example for others to emulate. Embraces our vision to become "Prometheus: I AM HOME."