Innovate to solve the world's most important challenges At Honeywell we believe in integrating security into all aspects of our business to protect the people, processes, and assets by which Honeywell achieves its greater mission. Advancements in technology, contractual and regulatory requirements, emerging threats, and Honeywell's growth worldwide continue to challenge all of us to ensure everything we do in business is done securely. The Security Operations Center (SOC) is seeking an Incident Response Analyst with experience in networking, log analysis, and forensic analysis of compromised systems. The preferred candidate should also be able to formulate and direct incident response efforts, prioritize those response efforts, and create legible incident reports that describe the compromise vector, attacker methodologies, and artifacts of data ex-filtration. The candidate must be able to work within a team and coordinate work actions accordingly. You will have the opportunity to take your proven experience and… Apply an understanding of Government & Organizational Regulations including NIST, CUI, ISO Influence leadership and create partnership with businesses and functional leaders to build a cyber safety culture Willingness to serve as a member of an Incident Response Team (IRT) and respond to emergency calls during non-business hours, as needed and participate in on-call rotation 20 Cyber Security Incident Response 20 Forensic Analysis 20 Vulnerability Risk Assessments 20 Malicious Software Reverse Engineering 20 Security Research YOU MUST HAVE: Must be a US Citizen WE VALUE: Experience performing forensic analysis of Windows and Unix systems to identify compromised artifacts Possesses a solid understanding of the TCP/IP protocol suite, security architecture, and remote access security techniques/products. Ability to perform network based forensics and log analysis Experience in using sandbox/test lab environments to evaluate malicious code Ability to identify actionable indicators of compromise based upon analysis of malware or forensic data Scripting and programming experience (e.g., Python, Perl, C, C++, Java, Assembly Language, Shell Scripting) is preferred. Experience with log management and/or SIEM technologies such as Splunk, ArcSight, and LogLogic is a plus. Strong research capabilities and an analytical approach, especially with respect to event classification, event correlation, and root cause analysis preferred Experience performing security reviews/vulnerability risk assessments of network environments using both manual procedures and automated analysis tools. Experience with enterprise anti-virus solutions, virus outbreak management, and the ability to differentiate virus activity from directed attack patterns. Strong understanding of incident response methodologies and technologies Willingness to serve as a member of an Incident Response Team (IRT) and respond to emergency calls during non-business hours, as needed Ensure the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of SOC data sources Candidate should be able to react quickly, decisively, and deliberately in high stress situations Strong verbal/written communication and interpersonal skills are required to document and communicate findings, escalate critical incidents, and interact with customers Highly motivated individual with the ability to self-start, prioritize, and multi-task Participate in on-call rotation Technical certifications considered an asset are: CISSP,GCIH, GCIA, GCFA, GPEN, GCFE, CCNA, CCNP Due to US export control laws, must be a US citizen, permanent resident or have protected status. Nonexempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Continued Professional Development Relocation Provided ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD36671 Category: Information Technology Location: 1300 W Warner Rd., Tempe, AZ 85284 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.