At Northwest Center, it starts with you. We go above and beyond the traditional models and offer services not provided by other organizations. As a School to Work Employment Consultant, you will have the opportunity to support adult clients with disabilities who are transitioning from K-12 education to the working world. Current Employment Consultants tell us that the most rewarding part of their job is the relationships they develop with their clients. School to Work Employment Consultants perform community-based assessments, independent skills training and evaluation, and also participate in the job discovery process in order to create a winning match for both the client and the business. In addition, the School to Work Employment Consultant generates and documents the client profile, including client history, skills, preferences and support needs. If you enjoy providing one on one service, thrive on your client's successes, and enjoy developing relationships in the community, we want to hear from you! Join the Revolution-create an inclusive workforce for all! Location: based in Renton, traveling throughout King County Schedule: 40 hours per week, Monday through Friday Wage: $18.00 per hour Requirements: Bachelor's degree in a Human Services field or a combination of other education and/or previous experience is acceptable. Valid WA State Driver's license Proof of automotive insurance Three to five (3-5) years' experience working in disability-focused human services preferred Knowledge in the utilization of public and private funding programs to assist clients Knowledge and understanding of business/marketing principles Proof of acceptable five (5) year driving record Sales and Development experience highly desirable Role is based out of Renton, WA but requires travel throughout King County _WE'VE GOT YOU COVERED._ _We provide full time employees with a generous benefits package. Including: Medical Insurance, elective dental and vision, retirement plans with a company match, Competitive Pay, Paid Vacations and much more! Read our Employee Testimonials and find out exactly what it's like to work at Northwest Center! We can't wait to meet you!_ At Northwest Center, we do not just accept diversity and inclusion — we celebrate it, we support it, we live it and we flourish in it for the benefit of our employees, the community, and our clientele. It is our belief that our strength lies within our diversity and the forward motion towards a day when people of all abilities can learn and work together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.