Description The Washington Health Benefit Exchange is a public-private partnership that operates the Washington Healthplanfinder, the online eligibility and enrollment portal used by one in four Washington residents to obtain health and dental coverage. Washington Healthplanfinder allows users to compare and enroll in health insurance coverage and gain access to tax credits, reduced cost sharing, and public programs such as Medicaid. The mission of the Exchange, a state-based marketplace, is to radically improve how Washington residents secure health insurance through innovative and practical solutions, an easy-to-use customer experience, our values of integrity, respect, equity and transparency, and by providing undeniable value to the health care community. Duties This position is part of the Exchange's Security Team, and is responsible for planning, implementing, upgrading, or monitoring security measures for the protection of computer systems, computer networks and information. This position ensures appropriate security controls are in place that will safeguard digital files and vital IT infrastructure. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Respond to computer security incidents and breaches. Monitor use of data files and regulate access to safeguard information in computer files. Confer with users to discuss issues such as computer data access needs, security violations, and programming changes. Train users and promote security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency. Document computer security and emergency measures, policies, procedures, and tests to meet Federal and State government compliance requirements. Coordinate implementation of the computer system plan with WAHBE personnel and outside vendors. Understand State and Federal security compliance requirements as they apply to Exchanges. Implement and enforce security compliance requirements for the Exchange and contracted environments. Contribute to security planning and security monitoring of applications and systems and to improve server and network efficiency. Manage and track the full life cycle of security related issues and perform due diligence on issues. Work with business, technical and security teams to assess and implement new tools, processes, policies, procedures, standards and frameworks such as Continuous Monitoring, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework and industry best practices. Perform risk, vulnerability and threat assessments on new applications, systems and projects as needed. Identify, analyze and document risks, escalate to appropriate stakeholders, maintain ongoing status of risk issues along with milestone dates and closure. Understand Security & Privacy policies as well as standards, guidelines and best practices for implementation, overall compliance and enforcement purposes. Support Centers for Medicaid & Medicare Services (CMS) and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) security reviews and security audits. Develop, track and coordinate resulting risk mitigation plans for any findings. Conduct internal CMS and IRS regulatory compliance reviews and security audits. Develop, track and coordinate resulting corrective action plans for any internal findings. Analyze audit trails to identify and report related anomalies, issues or problems. Participate in the development of plans to safeguard computer files against accidental, or unauthorized modification, destruction, or disclosure and to meet emergency data processing needs. Serve in a security event monitoring and incident detection role to use information collected from a variety of sources to identify, analyze and report cybersecurity events that occur, or might occur within the enterprise network. Perform duties to support policy impact analysis as well as other security-related needs. Verify implementation of patches on IT systems during system maintenance hours. Participate in system design, development, and implementation activities from a Security perspective. Identify follow-up tasks resulting from areas, such as issue resolution, risk management and mitigation and policy changes. Identify, analyze and categorize issues that require escalation, or require additional resources/technical assistance. Perform follow-up activities resulting from internal, or external audits. Improve and challenge existing processes and procedures in a very agile and fast-moving information security environment. Provide a risk-based security perspective for major upgrades and business system replacements and changes in the enterprise change control process. Train users and promote an overall awareness of security and regulatory requirements to help the protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of confidential information. Partner with key business stakeholders to implement and manage an effective Data Loss Prevention program (e.g. Legal, IT, and Program Management). Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Required: A Bachelor's degree or equivalent; plus, a minimum of 4 years professional experience with IT hardware, software, or networking; with 2+ years in three or more Security domains. The candidate must be highly proficient in MS office software particularly Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint. Possess and maintain security, or network professional certifications such as Security +, SSCP, CISSP, CCNA and CEH, or obtain one within 1 year of hiring. Intermediate skill in conducting research and troubleshooting complex IT-related issues. Intermediate knowledge of information assurance principles and organizational requirements to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of confidential information. A strong work ethic and personal commitment to excellence. Willingness to lead, follow, teach, learn, be flexible and ability to communicate effectively and work well with others. Multi-tasking and attention to detail while managing and meeting timelines. Desired: Advanced knowledge of threat assessment and risk management processes. Experience in State and Federal laws, regulations, policies and ethics as they relate to cybersecurity. Advanced knowledge of cyber defense management and mitigation techniques and vulnerability assessment tools and their capabilities. Advanced knowledge of penetration testing principles, tools and techniques. Supplemental Information Please click here to submit an application. WORKING CONDITIONS Core business hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Travel requirements will be limited to local travel, however there may be occasions were an employee is required to travel and work irregular hours to attend meetings or trainings. Duties of this position require the use of standard office furniture and equipment (e.g. desk, filing cabinet, computer, printer, telephone, fax machine, copy machine, etc.). The working conditions and physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Candidates under final consideration for employment with the Exchange are subject to a background check. OTHER INFORMATION The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and levels of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills of personnel so classified. This is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability (Download PDF reader)