PYCO Group is a global team of passionate consultants and developers who accelerate digital transformation and deliver result driven solutions. With more than 500 people on 4 continents, we help business leaders re- imagine, design, build and operate a smooth digital business transition, thanks to the knowledge of our onshore and offshore dedicated teams. We do so by attracting, empowering and retaining exceptional talents while unlocking opportunities for our clients and employees simultaneously. Global-scale clients making use of the PYCO Group’s products and services include Microsoft, Samsung, Volkswagen, Axa, Richemont, BNP Paribas, Wal-Mart, Adobe, La Poste, Accor Hotels, LVMH, Mitsubishi, Calvin Klein, L’Oréal amongst many others. In other words, we build digital teams & solutions. What will be your role? Context: We will be part of the development team of apps and services that use machine learning to inform and assist clients for both in the insurance industry. This is mainly achieved through: 1\. Incubation of disruptive innovation (through scientists, engineers and designers working together) 2\. Machine learning R&D (and publication in top AI/ML conferences and journals) 3\. Machine-learning advisory / consultancy The resulting solutions and innovations aim to reinvent internal processes, improve the offerings to the clients and ultimately disrupt the wider industry. We are looking for Fullstack Developers to join us and contribute to the development of disruptive apps / products – part of a series of exciting new projects, solving complex business problems. This is an exciting opportunity for those who want to enjoy state-of-the-art R&D and be challenged and grow in the field of “AI-first” software / product development; along the way this role will contribute to game-changing products for the multi-trillion-dollar insurance industry and use the world’s largest insurer by many metrics global network to deliver impact and change. Who are we looking for? Self-motivated and creative. We’re building from ground up, not tweaking legacy In depth knowledge of backend infrastructure (e.g., Flask, Falcon, Redis, Varnish) Strong Python coding skills plus experience of a typed language (e.g. C++, Java, etc) Exposure to modern JavaScript technologies (e.g. ES6, React.js, Redux etc) Familiarity with build automation and continuous integration (e.g., Gulp, Grunt, Jenkins, CodePipeline) Good communicator and team player Solid understanding of algorithms and data structures