Position Overview The Systems Administrator supports, administrates and maintains the operation of enterprise data center systems comprised of both physical and virtual servers, storage, backups, monitoring and automation as well as Hybrid Cloud management. Position Qualifications _Minimum education and/or experience:_ Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Business, or a closely related field and at least three (3) years' experience in administering, configuring, managing, installing and troubleshooting servers VMware virtual infrastructure to include Cloud automation and storage systems in a multi domain and forest enterprise environment. A combination of post-secondary education and/or job-related experience may substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis. _Specialized training, certifications, and/or other special requirements:_ Two (2) years' experience or more utilizing Microsoft Office products 2010 and newer, Windows Server Operating Systems 2008 and above, VMware and vRealize Cloud Management Suite. Additionally, two (2) years' experience working with server-class hardware, specifically with Hewlett Packard and Dell servers, as well as experience working with storage-class hardware/devices. Must possess, or have the ability to obtain by time of hire, a valid Arizona driver's license. Must be able to pass extensive background screening. _Knowledge, skills, and abilities:_ _Knowledge of:_ Microsoft WIN20XX, VMware vSphere, VMware vRealize Cloud Management Suite with emphasis on automation, and enterprise storage and backup system administration, installation and on-going maintenance experience. VMware software defined data center products and tools for file server migrations, troubleshooting and performance tuning. _Skill in:_ Oral and written communication. Detail oriented tasks. Demonstrating a positive, willing attitude and possessing self-motivation. Exercising good time management skills. Exhibiting skills required to embrace change and actively participate in planning short and long term goals to meet shifting business requirements. _Ability to:_ Effectively troubleshoot systems, provide users technical support, and make critical decisions on the use of limited premier support services. Develop and troubleshoot Power CLI and PowerShell scripts Interface with database administrators and other IT professionals to coordinate installation and maintenance of client server applications to support enterprise line of business systems. Multi-task and follow through on all assigned tasks. Consistently meet or exceed expectations on projects and provide guidance on County policies to other departments. Interact positively and effectively with staff members at all levels within the organization and work with management to resolve critical matters of significance that effect the team or customers. Adjust smoothly to changes in priorities and manage time effectively with little or no supervision. Provide on-call 24 X 7 services on a rotation, visit data centers in different geographical locations, and apply system patches on the established monthly patch weekend. _Preferred education and/or experience:_ Microsoft Windows 2012 and 2016 system administration, and VMware vSphere and Microsoft Active Directory. Administrative experience with VMware NSX, Microsoft SQL 20XX, Microsoft Exchange 20XX, Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft SharePoint, and Solarwinds data center monitoring. Experience serving as a liaison between the business community and an Information Technology department. Experience providing well written documentation, communications and management reports. _Working conditions:_ Work is performed in an office and data center environment. May be subject to repetitive motion such as typing and data entry. May be subject to bending, reaching, kneeling, stooping, and lifting up to fifty (50) pounds. Frequent computer use involving the need to see details at close range. Must be able to work after hours, weekends and holidays, as well as be on-call 24 hours a day, seven (7) days a week. Travel to and from job related locations during the course of a scheduled workday, subject to County policies regarding use of County vehicles and/or private vehicles used on county business is required. Essential Job Tasks Performs enterprise systems and application support at the highest level of technical expertise independently as well as collaboratively with assistance from other information technology (IT) professionals and premier support services of enterprise systems including Windows servers, file/print services, IIS, SQL, Office 365, VMware Virtualization and Cloud Solution, and Active Directory in addition to the backup and storage resources utilized by these systems. This support is provided often with the coordination and collaboration of PC/LAN Managers and the Customer Care Center's Service Desk system. Manages the day-to-day operations, monitoring, and performance tuning of an enterprise Active Directory Windows 2012 and 2016 environment supporting multiple domains and IT divisions for the entire County. Works with and maintains Active Directory accounts, security groups, group policies, server based shared directories and user permissions. Assures adherence to departmental Service Level Agreements. Provides on-call support based on a rotation and apply necessary patches during the established patch window that occurs once a month on a weekend. Installs, configures, monitors, troubleshoots and maintains enterprise server class software and hardware with little or no assistance, including file servers and load balanced applications within a high availability environment that includes multiple data centers. With limited supervision, installs, configures and supports various line-of-business applications using Active Directory or other automation techniques and services. Interfaces with colleagues, contractors and customers both within and external to the IT department to coordinate support, installation, and maintenance of enterprise systems. Maintains backup system and ensures backups are successfully completed, periodically tested, and are in compliance with best practices. Assists in maintaining off site inventory and rotation of tapes for disaster recovery. Selection Procedure The Maricopa County Human Resources Department reserves the right to admit to the selection process only those candidates considered to be the most highly qualified. Those selected will be assessed based on evaluation of listed education and experience. The hiring authority will interview and select the successful candidate from a list provided by Human Resources. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically, successful candidates are hired at a salary rate up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.