We are looking for a Director of Service Deliveryto join a U.S. Leader in the IT/Telecom industry. Culture is of utmost importance to our company. For this reason, our expectation is that every employee must possess a high degree of integrity, character, hustle, and resourcefulness. We spend one third of our lives at work, therefore we want to enjoy the work we do, and enjoy the people we are working with! Positive attitudes are a must, and flexibility will come in handy in our entrepreneurial environment. Our customer simplifies the ongoing management of IT infrastructure and enhances the business benefits, and significantly reduces Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for customers. They are a dedicated team that works together to anticipate, identify, and resolve issues faster, more accurately, less expensive, and with more visibility than customers can on their own. What You'll Do CoServe seeks a Services Delivery Director managing the delivery of Cloud and/or Managed Services. As both the leader of a delivery team and a contributor within that team, you will be responsible for key delivery management activities, including management of services delivery, escalations and customer communications, as well as customer deliverables. This leadership can include direct people management responsibility or leading a virtual team. It is highly customer focused, requires ability and willingness to travel and to be able to work in a matrix organization. Responsibilities: Initiate the design, development and implementation of service levels required to increase customer satisfaction and resolve business process issues for the identified accounts. Provide oversight, coordination and timely verbal and written executive communication of customer-initiated business escalations outside of standard incident, problem, and change management processes. Ensure the success of customer deployments, managing the planning and execution of contractual obligations, and coordinating the interaction of internal, partner and customer resources toward the completion of key services projects. Develop and presents service engagement documentation, partnership solutions, risk assessment, pricing and margin analysis. Coordinate documentation of customer-specific operational processes and procedures as required for CMS operational support. Conduct Monthly Service Reviews (MSRs) and with key Customer and internal personnel. The MSR report details key operational metrics, provides a monthly view of CMS service delivery performance measured against agreed upon Service Level Objectives/Agreements (SLO/SLAs), and addresses outstanding CMS operational issues. The MSR is delivered remotely via WebEx. Who You Are Minimum Qualifications Direct experience with Managed Services industry including in-depth understanding of strategic and tactical components. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal. Understanding of financial modeling relative to cost and planning. Advanced ability to lead virtual teams, including customer or partner teams. Executive level communications, tailored to unique situations. Desired Skills Typically requires BS/BA degree or equivalent plus 8-10 years of related experience Managed services background preferred Experience in the systems integration of leading edge technology or large scale/multi-vendor networks Experience in business development, partner engagement, project management, negotiation and risk assessment, PMP and/or Advanced ITIL certification preferred Understands and is conversant about Managed Services business value and opportunities Able to identify and analyze project or system requirements.