Kelvin: The goal is intelligent control for a dynamic world. We use A.I. to simplify the management of complex systems. We bring the next generation of control systems to leading industrial clients. Kelvin develops combinations of sensors, software and artificial intelligence to simplify complex systems. Our team consists of leading domain experts, data scientists and designers solving problems in the physical world. We have Fortune 500 clients across some of the largest sectors in the world and are backed by leading Silicon Valley investors. Customer Success at Kelvin: At Kelvin, we believe that happy customers are the foundation of our success. Technicians, engineers, and industrial managers around the world rely on our product every day to control complex systems. We enable them to secure operations and production information, to manage and communicate with their teams, and to make their systems achieve their goals. It is crucial that our products communicate clarity, confidence, and credibility at every step. Role: As a Customer Success Associate at Kelvin, you’ll be part of a small and impactful team as you support new clients and existing customers. In your role you’ll empathize with our customers’ needs as you: Track, manage and deliver a resolution to customer issues by working with Operations, Data and Engineering teams Provide continuous support via telephone, email, in-person meetings and webinars Gather customer feedback and utilizing it to enhance customer service experience Have a strong knowledge of our data, methodology, and tools and be able to explain these to internal and external stakeholders You’ll Fit Right In If You: Know empathy is the most important support skill you possess Know how to build trusted relationships with clients and end users Have the ability to prioritize, manage, and deliver on multiple projects simultaneously Have a positive attitude and is a team player who is resourceful Exceptional communication and conflict resolution skills Have a strong desire to learn in a rapidly growing and dynamic startup environment The “Internet of Things” and Machine Learning intrigues you, as does solving real-world business problems as opposed to the latest consumer application Requirements: Confidence in the ability to comprehend and empathize with customer needs, problem solve and deliver simple and accommodating solutions Experience coordinating, facilitating and operating across internal teams Outstanding communication skills with everyone from end users to C-level executives Are comfortable with Salesforce, Slack, Jira and Google Drive Strong ability to align technical concepts & features to business needs Passionate about customer success and making life simpler with technology 2+ years experience delivering exceptional customer support Bonus Points: Proficient understanding of Web/Mobile app development & architecture