Associate Product Engineer Careers that Change Lives Impact patient outcomes. Come for a job, stay for a career. Engineers create our market-leading portfolio of innovations. Join us to make a lasting impact. Help bring the next generation of life-changing medical technology to patients worldwide. The Product Engineer is responsible for day-to-day manufacturing floor support in a medical device manufacturing area that supports products used for perfusion system uses. This includes supporting the evaluation, analysis, and implementation of projects driving Quality, Delivery and Cost Improvements to manufacturing processes at the Brooklyn Park facility. This position interacts closely with the Operations team as well as several engineering disciplines such as Process Development, Quality, Reliability Engineering, and Regulatory Affairs. Additionally, this position requires problem solving skills and technical knowledge (Lean, DMAIC) and the ability to manage complex projects to a successful and timely conclusion. Brooklyn Park Operations seeks candidates who will meet or exceed our customers’ expectations by striving without reserve for the greatest possible reliability and quality in our products, processes, and systems by being accountable, having a voice, and taking action. Day in the life: Make use of appropriate technical skills and tools, such as DOE, SPC, hypothesis testing, capability studies, Gemba walks, and “hands on” analysis, to perform in depth analysis, determine root cause, and identify corrective actions Perform review and disposition of product including root cause analysis, corrections and corrective actions as needed. Identify and implement manufacturing process improvements. Identification of cost reduction (yield improvement or other) opportunities and perform assessment based on impact and effort for prioritization. Utilizes project management skills to drive continuous improvement initiatives, including lean manufacturing, stakeholder analysis, report outs, risk assessments, and cost/benefit analysis Manage projects and process changes through required regulatory approvals Coordinate implementation of process improvements with the operations team. Experience with lean manufacturing and principles including statistical analysis, variation reduction, waste reduction, customer evaluation, and has general knowledge of other related disciplines. Conduct regular project reviews to assure accomplishment of key results. Communicate progress, status, and issues to upper management. Must Have: Minimum Qualifications Bachelor of Science in Engineering or related Technical/Scientific field of study Nice to Have Masters Degree Green Belt Certification (Internal or ASQ) BB/Master Black Belt certification (Internal or ASQ) Experience in Lean Manufacturing Experience with project management Experience with problem solving using analytic s such as DMAIC/A3 Understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories, and concepts of manufacturing processes Technical knowledge of manufacturing processes Experience handling multiple tasks concurrently Experience interpreting mechanical drawings Experience conceiving and communicating mechanical design concepts to drafting team Excellent data analysis skills, and proficient in the use of statistical tools in problem solving Computer skills such as Word and Excel Knowledge of quality systems Experience in Leading large projects and project teams. Experience with Medical Device Regulation ISO 13485. Experience in medical product mfg / assembly operations Excellent data analysis skills, and proficient in the use of statistical tools in problem solving About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.