This will be a contractor position (contract to hire). Internet Brands is mainly interested in filling this role in their El Segundo location, but is open to candidates in the San Francisco location as well. Please only submit candidates interested in CTH. Base pay is $40K with a $4K bonus. After 6 months, the base rate goes to $43K/yr. We are looking for an Integration Sync Support representative to provide a last level escalation path for Sales and Operations, as well as provide direct assistance to our customers. You will diagnose and troubleshoot software problems, and help our customers install our Demandforce application. This position reports directly to the Integration Support Manager. Candidate Profile Summary This is a technical customer-facing role. Responsibilities include resolving Demandforce software issues, configuring Demandforce software on customers' server computers, and submitting fix and feature requests to the Engineering team. You will use Live Chat and Salesforce to provide internal support, and communicate with external customers via phone or email. Candidates must be able to demonstrate customer empathy, and be passionate about helping customers and resolving technical issues. You will be explaining very technical terms to non-technical or less-technical people. You will also concisely reiterate to our engineers the breadth of a customer's specific issue, and help lead them towards a solution. Ultimately, you will be a person that both our customers and engineers trust. Essential Job Functions Support the Integration Analyst team and Integration Development team. Support the Sales team in deploying the Demandforce Link software for new customers. Research and identify solutions to the Demandforce Link software on customers' server environments (Windows and Mac). Answer support tickets via phone, email and chat. Prioritize and manage several open issues at one time while exercising caution. Properly escalate unresolved issues to appropriate internal or partner teams. Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues including installation and network configuration. Ask customers (internal and external) targeted questions to quickly understand root cause. Provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers. Ensure proper documentation of case issues and resolutions. Document resolution items and troubleshooting steps in team knowledge base. Stay constantly apprised of product development and updates. Assist in monitoring Demandforce software overall upload health. Qualifications Degree in or current Computer Science, Information Science or Technology major or related work experience. 1+ years Customer Support Experience. 1+ years hands-on experience with Windows/Linux/Mac OS environments. 1+ years hands-on experience with software applications. Familiarity with remote desktop applications. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Excellent research and problem solving skills. Efficiently use resources. Quick learner. Independent worker. Out of the box thinker - identify and Client new solutions by connecting the dots. Communicating technical issues to technical or non-technical people (verbal and written). Ability to multitask while demonstrating caution. Recognize global vs singular issues and alert appropriate teams as necessary. Good understanding of computer systems, software applications and other tech products. Preferred: Various database technology skills (such as MS SQL Server). Security and Networking experience. Salesforce or similar CRM experience. JIRA and Confluence or similar experience.