Req ID: 21164 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary This position is responsible for supporting the collection and analysis of data related to program and project work within the Home Care Department. This position supports departmental and institutional Quality Improvement, Patient Safety initiatives, and Regulatory requirements through data monitoring and analysis, logistical support of committees, and coordinating the preparation for regulatory agencies. Job Responsibilities Data Collection Utilizes the established methodology and tools to assist the home care department project teams and leaders to collect pertinent data Data Monitoring & Analysis Support the development of measures with QI & Patient Safety teams. Facilitate and conduct monitoring of measures. Construct and populate appropriate databases to perform monitoring and analysis. Conduct audit and record reviews. Compile and present reports of priority measures. Data Reporting & Communication Manipulates data to create required reports for dissemination to all appropriate users. Provides status and summary reports to Director as requested Communicates at various levels of internal clients regarding work as needed to facilitate project work. Develop and implementation of metrics Assists with establishing metrics for use in the reporting and analysis of project work Assists in the ongoing data collection of metrics for the dept related to regulatory and business performance measures Support all institutionally required clinical measures for regulatory entities Support the development of clinical measures to address regulatory requirements with leadership teams. Assure the monitoring of required measures. Construct and populate appropriate databases to perform monitoring and analysis. Compile and present reports of required measures. Job Responsibilities (Continued) Participate in institutional initiatives directed at meeting accreditation and regulatory requirements. Support site visits to home care facility by state licensing authorities (e.g., Department of Health visits, Joint Commission etc. Assists in group preparation in advance of regulatory inspections for home care as appropriate. Collaborates with Home Care Leadership on the attainment of the annual operating plan for the Home Care Department. Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations None Required Education and Experience BA/BS Degree. Master’s preferred. Experience working in healthcares, and business. Working knowledge of a healthcare environment, and demonstrated excellent analytic and research skills. Understanding of healthcare data, databases, modeling, operations, and reporting/analytical tools. Proficient with Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access). Understands current Project Management methodologies and Business Process Re-engineering methodologies. Excellent interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with physicians and clinicians, practice administrators, finance, and other operational staff. Strong writing, follow-through, and organization skills. Detail-oriented, flexible, a team player, a critical thinker and comfortable with pressure associated with meeting project deadlines. Understanding of Quality improvement process methodologies as well as process, analysis, tools and methodology Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Master’s degree Additional Technical Requirements Ability to collaborate effectively and work independently Exceptional analytical, interpersonal, communication and assessment skills Emphasizes team goals with a common purpose and seeks win-win solutions. Takes ownership for projects programs and services, and accepts accountability for results. Strong sense of ethics consistent with those of The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu