CliftonLarsonAllen’s Information Security Services group is looking for Information Security Analyst Interns, to join our world-class security audit and penetration testing team. A strong technical background, willingness to learn and good work ethic will be necessary for success in this position. Previous information security experience is a plus. The Information Security Analyst Intern works with the Information Security Services Group (ISSG) to provide technical security consulting to clients, support other groups within the firm, and develop and maintain the ISSG network infrastructure. This person performs as a significant member of the ISSG Team to provide high quality customer service. Primary Responsibilities Performs internet penetration, network vulnerability assessments, social engineering and IT audits. Performs computer forensics and e-Discovery. Maintenance of our information security lab and security tools. Documentation of information security tools, processes and procedures. Works collaboratively with ISSG and other groups within the firm. Approaches all problems and projects with a high level of professionalism, objectivity and an open mind to new ideas and solutions. Sets realistic expectations for completion of projects and/or tasks, managing customer’s expectations in line with realistic project outcomes. Keeps ISSG and management informed of issues, concerns, and overall project or problem status. Other tasks and projects as assigned. Job Requirements Bachelor’s degree, an associate degree focused on IT/IS/MIS or computer science, or equivalent experience Applicants in active pursuit of four-year or two-year degree may be considered for an Internship based on experience and other qualifications Familiarity with Windows and Unix/Linux commands and basic networking concepts preferred Relevant coursework relating to penetration testing and vulnerability assessments preferred Programming, Web, and/or database application development preferred Previous experience in a support or development role, related to application development, desktop, server, or network infrastructure a plus Cisco IOS software, Cisco hardware, and/or similar experience in network infrastructure hardware and software preferred Experience with security monitoring and assessments tools is a plus