CannonDesign has an exciting opportunity for an Architect based in our Houston, TX office. We are an integrated global design firm that unites a dynamic team of architects, engineers, strategists, futurists, researchers, and industry specialists driven by a singular goal - to help solve our clients' and society's greatest challenges. The successful candidate will work as part of a multi-disciplinary team providing architectural support in the planning, design, coordination, and detailing of architectural projects. Primary responsibilities will include the following: Prepare and contribute to design and presentation efforts. Assist in the development and detail of design and concept drawings. Analyze and graphically summarize data in support of planning and programming studies. Independently prepare Revit plans, building sections, elevations, details, wall sections, and design drawings within all architectural phases. Communicate with other disciplines to ensure coordination of project documents. Attend and actively participate in project team and client meetings. Qualified candidates must have a Bachelor in Architecture. Bachelor and/or Master of Architecture from an accredited program preferred. Architectural Registration preferred. Minimum of 4 years of experience working on mid to large scale projects required. Revit experience required. Strong creative design portfolio and strong communication, teamwork, presentation, graphics, organizational skills as well as the ability to handle multiple projects required. Click on apply now to upload your resume and portfolio. As a condition of employment, all CannonDesigners are expected to complete mandatory training, including compliance training, within required timeframes and adhere to our internal policies and our Code of Conduct. CannonDesign recognizes the value of diversity in our workforce. We are committed to equal opportunity. We consider all qualified employment applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, partnership status, protected veteran status, disability, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. Individuals who hold legal work authorization applicable to employment at CannonDesign in the United States will be considered without regard to citizenship/alienage.