Chenega Professional & Technical Services (CPTS) is seeking a Database Administrator to provide support to NASA - AMES Research Center (ARC) within the Information Technology Services. _Essential Duties and Responsibilities:_ (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position) Evaluates and recommends available database management system (DBMS) products to meet user’s requirements. Determines file organization, indexing methods, and security procedures for specific user application. Provides database solutions to solve complex IT business issues including data processing, loading, performance improvements, data storage, and data replication. Builds and maintains the ongoing operational functionality and efficiency of databases ensuring system performance, availability, reliability, security, recoverability, and efficient usage of server infrastructure resources. Ensures database system security, change management, backup and recovery are maintained in compliance with federal regulations. Performs and automates database management, maintenance and data processing activities. Writes codes and logical and physical database descriptions and specifies identifiers of database to management system or directs others in coding descriptions. Administers databases and database management systems or directs programmers and analyst to make changes with appropriate database objects such as indexes, tables, partitions, triggers, constraints, stored procedures, large objects, and views. Assists with impact analysis of any changes made to database objects. Diagnoses, troubleshoots, and resolves database related issues including storage, performance, availability, and data integrity and database security. Troubleshoots issues associated with databases, applications, and development tools and provides technical support to application development teams. Works independently across multiple platforms to understand dependencies. Performs the capacity planning required to create and maintain government databases and processing demands. Trains users, documents systems, and answers questions. Writes and maintains processes, procedures, test/assessments results, presentations, papers, articles, and other types of documents as required. _Non-Essential Duties:_ Other duties as assigned. _Supervisory Responsibilities:_ None. _Minimum Qualifications:_ (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor's Degree in related field. Five (5) to Ten (10) years of database administration related experience Minimum of Five (5) years of experience in application design using various database management systems Must be able to obtain required NASA badge. Must be able to provide a certified Birth Certificate (with state seal), Passport, or INS Citizenship documents on date of hire (candidate will be sent home if this paperwork is not provided upon arrival on date of hire). Must have, and maintain, a valid driver’s license. _Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:_ Good organizational and planning skills Excellent communication skills Proven ability to pay close attention to detail Ability to work independently but follow specific detailed instructions Ability to interface with various levels of personnel in a multi-cultural, team- oriented environment _Diversity:_ Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; Educates others on the value of diversity; Promotes a harassment-free environment; Builds a diverse workforce. _Ethics:_ Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values. _Physical Demands:_ The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. _Work Environment_ _:_ The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise. Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. Qualifications _Minimum Qualifications:_ (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor's Degree in related field. Five (5) to Ten (10) years of database administration related experience Minimum of Five (5) years of experience in application design using various database management systems Must be able to obtain required NASA badge. Must be able to provide a certified Birth Certificate (with state seal), Passport, or INS Citizenship documents on date of hire (candidate will be sent home if this paperwork is not provided upon arrival on date of hire). Must have, and maintain, a valid driver’s license. Job Database Management Primary Location United States-California-San Francisco Organization Chenega Professional & Technical Services Recruiter Anne Goldberg