Bay Advanced Technologes, an Applied Fluid Power subsidiary, is currently looking for a Technician to join our team. If you’re outgoing, technically sound, and think you have what it takes – Apply Today! In this role you’ll be inspecting product and using your knowledge and experience from working on Mechanical, Electro-Mechanical, Hydraulic, and/or Pneumatic assemblies. You’ll leverage all that hands on experience in your background and put it to good use helping us to please our customers and gain new ones. We’ll look to you to lead the charge in this area as your work helps to support the industry’s best sales team. Position Responsibilities: Visually verifies product compliance to customer and company specifications. Functionally verifies product performance to the defined test criteria. Utilizes hand and power tools, electronic and pneumatic testing fixtures and devices. Complete department work assignments in a timely manner. Create rework instructions, or redline documentation and communicate corrective action direction to the appropriate parties when necessary. Shift work assignment priorities when needed and as directed. Responsible for organization of tools and work station cleanliness. Performs other duties as assigned. POSITION REQUIREMENTS 5+ years experience in component level trouble shooting and repair 1+ year working knowledge of all brands of pumps, valves, motors, and cylinders 1+ year working knowledge of troubleshooting hydraulic circuits High school diploma or GED Preferred: Purchasing experience IFPS certification Bending tube and pipe experience General welding skills Desired characteristics: Ability to work from drawings, prints, schematics, diagrams, bills of materials, customer specifications and written/verbal instructions Work for a corporation that believes in developing our people. Applied employees believe in the company and love the environment. Individual contributors with fresh ideas and passion for excellence are encouraged and rewarded. Connect with a great stable company with strong performance and growth. We look forward to learning more about you and will respond to qualified candidates. As a distributor of pneumatic, electrical and fluid components with vertically integrated sheet metal, machining and welding capabilities, Bay Advanced Technologies is positioned technically and logistically to support customers’ module outsource strategies. Bay’s manufacturing and integration locations in Newark, CA; Austin, TX; and Singapore provide parts and system support to any location – domestic or international. ISO 9001:2008 certified in CA, TX and Singapore; ISO 13485 certified for medical equipment manufacturing in CA and Singapore. Parent company Applied Industrial Technologies (NYSE: AIT) is the world’s largest fluid power distributor. Our network of 18 fluid power companies (70+ locations) in North America is a resource for dedicated fluid power support. We have one of the largest teams of Certified Fluid Power Specialists, Certified Electronic Control Specialists and Certified Fluid Power Mechanics &d Technicians to assist you with problem solving, system building, troubleshooting and other requirements. Between our service centers and our network of 19 fluid power companies, we provide immediate access to the critical fluid power components and services our customers need. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an email to hiring@applied.com or call 216-426-4389 to let us know the nature of your request.