Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook’s Sourcing and Operations Engineering team is looking for someone to help them shape the supply ecosystem in the optical industry. The SOE team is responsible for developing sources of supply and creating a robust supply ecosystem for Facebook’s worldwide infrastructure. For products that are not commodities, this involves pulling technology through the supply chain. This can involve developing specifications with the engineering team, partnering with suppliers, and collaborating to build a robust supply ecosystem. As a Technology Strategist, you will have a unique opportunity to shape the future intra-data center links to accommodate our explosive growth as well as internal product requirements. This position is full-time and located in our Menlo Park office. Obtain and maintain work authorization in the US before employment in 2019. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop Facebook’s technology roadmap for optical intra-data center connections Work with various teams to understand FB's network, user base, performance constraints and growth requirements Work with cross-functional teams to devise strategies on infrastructure and network interconnects within our data centers Evaluate future deployment solutions and shape the industry and vendor requirements/road-maps to support Collaborate with the potential ODM/OEM’s as partner to enable the supply chain MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Degree in Electrical Engineering or Physics or related fields with emphasis on Photonics Knowledge of the optical transceiver business: key players, financial metrics, key drivers Experience in negotiations and executive level interactions Working knowledge of industry standards such as IEEE and OIF PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Ability to use influence to drive to successful outcome