Defense Technologies Directory Service Security Senior Advisor Round Rock, Texas The Dell Security & Resiliency organization manages the security risk across all aspects of Dell’s business. We are currently experiencing incredible growth in order to meet the security needs of the world’s largest technology company. With team members located in over 15 countries, you will have an excellent opportunity to influence the security culture at Dell and further develop your career. Dell is a worldwide provider of information technology services and business solutions to a broad range of clients. We seek men and women who share our values, thrive in a team environment, and recognize the importance of accountability; people who strive to exceed expectations to ensure our Clients' success. The Cloud Consultant will join Dell’s internally facing, corporate Cybersecurity Consulting organization with responsibility for contributing significant experience and technical skillset into Dell’s burgeoning Cloud Security and Business Enablement Center of Excellence. Under the supervision of the Cybersecurity Consulting Director the Cloud Consultant will be considered a security and technical expert in Cloud technology, architecture, designs, systems implementation and integration and will assist in the development and communication of authoritative Cloud focused policies, standards, guidelines and control requirements. The Consultant will be required to perform technical research when necessary to contribute to setting Cloud security direction and strategy. The Consultant will also partner closely with teams across Dell to ensure the success of their Cloud programs and projects. The Cyber security Consulting organization’s core mission is to provide Dell team members, vendors/suppliers, and customers a consistent, effective, and positive Security engagement experience. _Key activities:_ Define security requirements and architectures while engaging directly with stakeholders within Dell’s Business Units and the Information Technology organizations to ensure products, services and solutions are designed to adhere to those requirements across Dell’s private, hybrid and public Cloud environments. Support the development of Cloud solutions that meet regulatory requirements including, but not limited to EU GDPR, PCI, SOX, HIPAA, etc. Assist with the development, maintenance and communication of Cloud security policies and procedures. Contribute into the development and delivery of a world class Cloud training program. Utilize program and project management techniques to drive successful initiatives. Critical Hiring Criteria _Basic Qualifications_ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field Individuals with CISSP, CISM, or CCSP certifications preferred 10+ years Security experience _Soft Skills_ Ability to operate effectively in a fast-paced environment with competing and shifting priorities. Ability to efficiently summarize complex, cross-organizational initiatives. Ability to help drive agreement on priorities through the influencing of and negotiation with stakeholders who at times may hold competing or conflicting goals. Ability to engage executive level stakeholders on complex matters in a substantive manner with little to no oversight and limited guidance. Ability to confidently and effectively present complex technical topics to senior non-technical audiences. Ability to work collaboratively and effectively as part of larger matrixed organization. Ability to quickly organize and direct virtual teams as necessary to accomplish goals. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Pragmatic, results-driven, value focused and accountability-minded. _Technical Skills_ Mastery of Cloud service and deployment models (e.g. CaaS, SaaS, IaaS, and PaaS) and proven experience migrating on premise solutions to the Cloud. Knowledge of Cloud-native/Cloud-friendly authentication mechanisms such as OAuth, OpenID, SAML, Ping, etc. Experience working with Cloud access security brokers (CASBs) and other governance solutions designed to provide visibility into Cloud usage. Provide risk based recommendations to Executive leaders which address unsanctioned applications. Detailed technical knowledge and experience with network security, authentication, security protocols, access control, cryptography, application security and data protection. Coordinate with system architects and developers to provide guidance in creating and integrating secure Cloud based designs. Proven success with the following technologies: Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), VMware virtualization solutions, Pivotal, Windows and Linux based platforms, etc. Advanced experience with leading laws, regulations, standards and best practices including, but not limited to, CSA CCM, NIST, ISO, PCI, Sarbanes Oxley, HIPAA, and EU GDPR. Experience building a security catalog of best practices, techniques and patterns to enable secure network implementations. Hands-on experience with multiple security technologies such as Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems, Vulnerability Scanning, WAF, Wireless LAN, NAC, DLP, DDoS Mitigation, WAN security, SIEM, Content Filtering, Cloud Security gateways, Secure Proxies, SSL crypto solutions. _Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell_ _here_ _._