Job Description About this role: This role is for a dedicated individual proficient in data analysis, working with large datasets, and focused on success. His/her primary responsibility is to build solutions to measure various actions in the digital world. This person will analyze large volumes of data, develop and deliver data reports, and collaborate across different functional teams. Self-motivation, and strong communication skills are must haves. You will need to be comfortable working in a fast paced environment with strict monthly schedules, complex inputs, and rapid iterations. Problems we are solving: What do people do when they are online and how is that different across devices? What new technologies have made legitimate disruptions in the digital landscape and what is the sizing of their impact. Why are there shifts in the ecosystems of search engines, social media, and retailers? How much of those trends are caused by company strategies as opposed to the evolution the general population's behavior? What can our clients do when they integrate with the astronomical sum of data comScore has? What you'll do: Lead successful data analytics engagements based on client business objectives Work directly with key clients to define business goals, and translate these into a measurement strategy and subsequent reporting structure that outlines how your client can achieve their goals Assist users in Digital Analytics and other Enterprise Solutions with a particular emphasis on creating a data-driven decision culture based on your measurement strategy Work closely with various teams to help engineer Enterprise solutions for custom deliveriesDetermine and implement appropriate technologies to deliver and automate custom datasets Engineer reports that meet client requirements and drive data insights Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders Create customized user documentation for deliveries and be willing to lead training sessions Have a complete understanding of comScores syndicated deliveries What you'll need: BS Degree in Business, MIS, Operations Research, or other analytically oriented discipline Excellent knowledge of online marketing, web analytics, web development Knowledge of the online marketing and specifically digital measurement to support online businesses Experience with SQL Server, GreenPlum, Excel, and Python preferred Strong writing and technical documentation skills Solid communication and listening skills, as well as presentation skills; Ability to translate technical requirements to non-technical customers and internal team members. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills as it pertains to technical implementation techniques for data collection and integration Sense of creativity to develop and optimize deliveries and technical processes Self-motivated, fast learner with the ability to operate independently Team player with strong interpersonal skills and a willingness to help others About comScore At comScore, we’re pioneering the future of cross-platform media measurement, arming organizations with the insights they need to make decisions with confidence. Central to this aim are our people who work together to simplify the complex on behalf of our clients & partners. Though our roles and skills are varied, we’re united by our commitment to five underlying values: Integrity, Velocity, Accountability, Teamwork, and Servant Leadership. If you’re motivated by big challenges and interested in helping some of the largest and most important media properties and brands navigate the future of media, we’d love to hear from you. comScore (NASDAQ: SCOR) is a trusted partner for planning, transacting and evaluating media across platforms. With a data footprint that combines digital, linear TV, over-the-top and theatrical viewership intelligence with advanced audience insights, comScore allows media buyers and sellers to quantify their multiscreen behavior and make business decisions with confidence. A proven leader in measuring digital and set-top box audiences and advertising at scale, comScore is the industry’s emerging, third-party source for reliable and comprehensive cross-platform measurement. To learn more about comScore, please visit comScore.com. EEO Statement: We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. To comply with federal law, comScore participates in E-Verify. Successful candidates must pass the E-Verify process after hire. LI-NB1 dice99 MON99 GD1