We are seeking the experienced and passionate candidate who will be the next member of our team in Seattle, WA. Demonstrating and communicating a passion for building the data foundation, products and capabilities that drive business growth, the Expert Data Scientist will work at the forefront of technology and business via our MSP Catalyst product suites. Catalyst is the E2E / enterprise grade, cloud-based, Big Data analytics platform that hosts all the Marketing, Sales and Pricing applications developed and commercialized by BCG. These products are critical to our growth plan, scalability, and to the success of our project teams. BCG has made multimillion-dollar investments to create Flagship products that complement our consulting offerings. Our Next Expert Data Scientist will… Build innovative data products (including real-time services, such as personalization and commerce graphing using Big Data platforms with real-time data ingestion and processing) Execute descriptive analyses, ranging from identifying product opportunities to understanding user behavior Cultivate strong collaborative relationships with product, engineering, and senior stakeholders Share technical solutions and product ideas through design review, code reviews, and tech talks Basic Job Requirements The Expert Data Scientist needs… 8+ years of relevant work experience, including expertise in recommendation systems, personalization, collaborative filtering, and content-based filtering Knowledge of Machine Learning, NLP, Graph Theory, and AI Fluency in one or more programming languages (Python, Java, R, etc.) The ability to deliver data science components that are part of successful commercial products Readiness to collaborate with engineering teams to develop prototypes and software products The ability to lead and manage a team The ability to travel, depending on project requirements A MS degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related areas preferred Our ideal candidate also knows their way around… Big Data and Fast Data (i.e., real time streaming) Distributed systems (Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark, streaming data processing, cloud architecture, etc.) SQL or other querying languages Dashboard and visualization software (Tableau, D3, Mixpanel, Flurry, Google Analytics, etc.) Key Competencies Proactive problem solving, analytical skills, time management, and decision making Ability to lead and mentor on- / offshore development teams using Agile software delivery processes Excellent interpersonal and communication skills - able to adjust approach to effectively interact at all organizational and technical levels Fluent written and spoken English (other languages are desirable) Ability and willingness to give and receive honest, balanced feedback Focus on providing excellent customer service, meeting user needs, demonstrating competence and character, and inspiring trust Company Information The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm and the world’s leading advisor on business strategy. We partner with clients from the private, public, and not-for-profit sectors in all regions to identify their highest value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their enterprises. BCG was founded in 1963 and is a privately owned firm with more than 14,000 employees across 85 offices in 48 countries. Integrity, respect for the individual, delivering value, and making an impact on society are just some of BCG's core values. BCG's commitment to both our clients' success and our own standards is what sets BCG apart as a world-class professional services organization. Join BCG - start your career at a company that is consistently ranked as the leader in its field, and is acknowledged as one of the best places to work. Non-discrimination Statement The Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In addition, as a federal government contractor, BCG maintains an affirmative action program which furthers its commitment and complies with recordkeeping and reporting requirements under certain federal civil rights laws and regulations.BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify. VEVRAA Federal Contractor