Do you like helping people? Do you have a strong desire to connect people with technology and entertainment? You may have what it takes to join our amazing team! Our Retail Sales Consultants build solutions for our valued customers and meet/or exceed key sales objectives. They work with a full portfolio of awesome products including wireless, connected car, and wearables. They also offer integrated, seamless, and smart entertainment options including DIRECTV & DIRECTV NOW. You’ll use your knowledge and passion to deliver an effortless customer experience while pursuing challenging and rewarding goals! This role comes with a very competitive salary and commission package as well as awesome benefits. We are passionate about innovation, we love our employees and we love connecting our customers to their world. Sharing your knowledge with our growing customer base comes with many rewards. Start with the paycheck: Base plus commission. Our current full-time Retail Sales Consultants earn an average of $47,552 in total compensation in the first year when successfully meeting or exceeding sales goals. Our top sellers earn an average of $56,950 per year. You’ll also gain an amazing benefits package, including: Ongoing paid training Exciting career paths Supportive team environment Employer-provided mobile device Medical/dental coverage 401(k) plan Tuition reimbursement Paid time off Not to mention some pretty cool perks, like: One of our latest devices and a service plan. Using our technology, gain first-hand expertise to share with our customers. Discounts on accessories and additional AT&T products and services. That means you always have access to the coolest gadgets around. A spring and fall fund to spend on a wide range of Team Color apparel. You’ll even receive a welcome kit of fun gear to get you started (including two shirts). Prior retail or customer-facing sales experience is a plus but not required. AT&T Sales training will be provided. You may be invited to complete an interview by recording a video, so make sure to watch your email for updates. Apply now! Our employees say it best! Watch now.