EXAM NUMBER: F2569D-R FIRST DAY OF FILING: Wednesday, August 1, 2018 at 8:00 a.m. (PDT) This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice. TYPE OF RECRUITMENT: Open Competitive Job Opportunity The Los Angeles County Probation Department is leading the way to rebuild lives and make our communities healthier and safer. As we modernize the services we provide to promote rehabilitation and reduce recidivism, technology plays a vital role in enabling our law enforcement officers to make a difference in people's lives. Are you looking for a place to use your technology skills as a force for good? Are you passionate about keeping up with the latest technology? Are you a respected and creative technology leader? The Probation Department is looking for a strong technology leader with excellent technical and people skills to design and support robust, reliable systems. You will apply the latest methods and tool sets, while maintaining and improving legacy technology as we modernize. Do you see yourself making a difference in the organization's mission by providing strong technical leadership? Then come join our team! Essential Job Functions Provides technical leadership for the Infrastructure and Operations Division by assessing the technical environment, setting standards, solving complex technical problems and developing designs for complex technical issues/systems to meet departmental objectives. Selects security and systems administration tools by evaluating requirements, working in collaboration with the Departmental Information Security Officer, staying up to date on technology, considering the pros and cons of available tools, and selecting tools that provide the best fit for the department's technical environment to effectively manage and secure the environment. Designs hosting environments for all Probation Department applications and integrations with internal and external systems by evaluating requirements, applying and understanding available technologies and industry trends, reviewing performance data, and determining the optimal hosting solutions to contain costs while meeting performance and security requirements. Designs Probation IT systems that are compelling, highly usable, and responsive to user requirements and work styles by incorporating consideration of new technologies and cultural trends into system designs to create a modern technology environment that meets user expectations and drives productivity. Sets standards for desktop and mobile computers by understanding the business requirements of the department and determining the optimal technology solutions to meet end users' expectations and drive productivity. Manages third-party providers of technology infrastructure services by reviewing the technology trends relating to the business needs of the department, reviewing the infrastructure services provided by the vendor, and conducting cost analysis to make effective use of IT services. Evaluates proposed projects and technology by understanding the business requirements and determining whether the proposed project/technology will meet the needs of the department to ensure technical viability, organizational readiness, and that the IT investment aligns with the department's business strategies. Collaborates with Application Development and Solution Delivery teams by understanding the application architecture requirements, user audience, and the objective of the application, meeting with the teams, discussing the application requirements, and documenting the proposed solutions to design application, hosting, and integration architectures and technologies. Creates technical documentation that is clear, accurate, and grammatically correct by using a computer and related software applications to support technical staff in maintaining and supporting systems, to support end users in using the systems, and to maintain compliance. Drives a consistent user experience and access to resources on a variety of endpoint devices in a variety of settings by selecting interoperable technologies to meet user expectations and drive productivity. Develops and tests disaster recovery plans by using proven industry practices to ensure availability and integrity of Probation data systems. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: Two (2) years of experience, within the last three (3) years, at the level of Los Angeles County's class of Principal Operating Systems Analyst, OR Principal Network Systems Administrator, one (1) year of which MUST have been in a large IT organization providing technical leadership for complex operating systems and associated software and hardware on high-end servers hosting critical applications in a high-availability environment. These environments use formal change management and problem resolution procedures and include comprehensive backup and recovery solutions. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's of Science or higher degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer and Information Technology, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or a closely related field . SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: At the level of Los Angeles County's class of Principal Operating Systems Analyst is defined as: Provides technical leadership or supervision of work involving complex operating systems and associated software, hardware and servers, including midrange or mainframes hosting critical applications in a high-availability environment. These environments require formal change management and problem resolution procedures and comprehensive back-up and recovery solutions. At the level of Los Angeles County's class of Principal Network Systems Administrator is defined as: Positions allocable to this class provide technical leadership for the comprehensive support of complex network and server operating system environments. Incumbents perform a wide-range of network-related duties, including the design, implementation, and maintenance of complex networks. This position functions as a lead for complex network systems administration projects and may supervise lower level Network Systems Administrators and other technical staff. A large IT organization is defined as an agency of at least 300 employees, 50 MM annual revenue or budget, and either multiple governmental programs and services (e.g., adult probation, pre-trial services, juvenile probation, juvenile detention, juvenile residential treatment, and more) or multiple lines of business (e.g., private wealth management, brokerage services, and banking). In order to receive credit for a degree, you MUST attach a LEGIBLE COPY of your Degree or Official Transcript(s) or Official letter from an accredited institution (which shows the area of specialization) to the application at time of filing. If you are unable to attach the document(s) at time of filing, you may email to gtung@hr.lacounty.gov within fifteen (15) calendar days of filing. Please include exam number and exam title. LICENSE: A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. PHYSICAL CLASS: 2 - Light. Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. Additional Information EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of three (3) parts: Part I: Multiple choice tests weighted at 45% measuring three Professional/Technical Knowledge areas: Networking Concepts (40%) covering the following topics: Administration, Configuration Troubleshooting, Connectivity Troubleshooting, Design, LAN and WAN Technologies, Network Devices, Network Standards, Protocol Stacks, Routing Protocols. SQL Server 2012 Administration (20%) covering the following topics: Architecture, Backup and Restore, Command Line Tools and Utilities, Database Management, Graphical Tools and Utilities, High Availability, Security, Troubleshooting. Microsoft Windows 2008 Active Directory (40%) covering the following topics: Backup and Recovery, Core Technologies, Design, Group Policy, Install and Configure, Management, Security, Troubleshooting.. Part II: A multiple choice test weighted at 45% measuring Achievement, Confidence and Optimism, Deductive Reasoning Ability, Independence, Influence, and Reliability. Only those candidates that achieve a passing score of 70% or higher in Part 1 will have Part 2 scored. MULTIPLE CHOICE TESTS ARE NOT REVIEWABLE BY CANDIDATES PER CIVIL SERVICE RULE 7.19. Part III: An evaluation of training and experience based upon application information and desirable qualifications, weighted 10%. Only those candidates that achieve a passing score of 70% or higher in Part 1 AND Part 2 will have Part 3 scored. Applicants must meet the Selection Requirements and receive a passing score of 70% or higher on each weighted part in order to be placed on the eligible register. Invitation letters for the test will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that candidates provide a valid email address. Please add gtung@hr.lacounty.gov and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk/clutter mail. Final results will be sent by U.S. mail. Test scores cannot be given over the phone. TEST PREPARATION Study guides and other test preparation resources are available to help candidates prepare for employment tests. An interactive, Online Test Preparation System for taking practice tests may be accessed on the Department of Human Resources website at http://hr.lacounty.gov/. Please click on "Find A Job" and then "Job Search Toolkit." Test preparation information is located under the "Employment Test Assistance" section. You can also access test preparation for the computerized portion of the test by going to http://www.shldirect.com/practice_tests.html. While the guides will help in preparing for the test, we advise you to review all related materials that you deem necessary. TRANSFER OF SCORES: Applicants that have taken identical test part(s) for other exams within the last 12 months, will have their test responses for the identical test part(s) automatically transferred to this examination. This examination contains test parts that may be used in the future for new examinations. Your scores will be transferred to the new examination and you may not be allowed to re-take any identical test parts for at least 12 months. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: Applications will be processed on an as-received basis and promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be paced on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of 12 months following the date of promulgation. VACANCY INFORMATION: The eligible register resulting from this examination will be used to fill vacancies in the Department of Probation as they occur. AVAILABLE SHIFT : Any APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: Applications must be filed online only. We must receive your application by 5:00 p.m., PDT, on the last day of filing. Applications submitted by U.S. mail, fax, or in person will not be accepted. Apply online by clicking on the "Apply" green button at the top right of this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. Fill out your application completely. The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the _SELECTION REQUIREMENTS._ Provide any relevant job experience in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week, and description of work performed. If your application is incomplete, it will be rejected. IMPORTANT NOTE: Please note that ALL information included in the application materials is subject to VERIFICATION at any point during the examination and hiring process, including after an appointment has been made. FALSIFICATION of any information may result in DISQUALIFICATION or RESCISSION OF APPOINTMENT. Utilizing VERBIAGE from Class Specification and Minimum Requirements serving as your description or duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES: For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. NO SHARING OF USER ID AND PASSWORD: All applicants must file their application online using their _own_ user ID and password. Using a family member's or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. ADA Coordinator Email: adarequests@hr.lacounty.gov Teletype Phone: (800) 899-4099 Alternate Teletype Phone: (800) 897-0077 California Relay Services Phone: (800) 735-2922 Department Contact Name: George Tung Department Contact Phone: (213) 351-7264 Department Contact Email: gtung@hr.lacounty.gov