Description The Garment Technician is responsible for carrying out routine tasks at a customer site, all of which can include: Receiving (Laundry carts), point of use replenishment (Laundry), Garment inspection, and allocation of hanger spaces within customer gown rooms. Must be cognizant of and adhere to Standard Operating Procedures and regulatory requirements. Job Responsibilities: Point of use replenishment of laundry items Collection of used garments Inspection of used garments to identify any damage prior to shipment Collection of usage data at point of use and adding it to tracking log Receive inbound shipments from common carriers Responsible for preparing shipping documentation and staging material for pickup. Manage Customer’s database of hanger assignments May require traveling to customer sites Inspection of any damaged garments being returned as truly damaged items. Daily inspections of inventory & soil bins checks to avoid overflow Review and approve any invoices to packaging and shipping receipts. Ordering new garments as needed or any special sizes Mapping out garment locations for training aids Point person for any garment issues or concerns Special projects - tours and inspections Perform other duties as assigned. Experience & Skills: Conform to all customer requirements for background checks, health and safety issues, security clearances and medical checkups. Strong communication skills Excellent Customer Service Skills; display a professional can-do attitude Perform duties with the highest regard for safety and quality Ability to understand and follow site protocols, policies and procedures Must be flexible, forward- thinking, motivated, and have the ability to act independently Must be able to lift 50lbs minimum Basic computer skills including Microsoft Office with proficiency in Word and Excel Ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines Knowledge of VWR’s products and services Problem-solving skills Qualifications: High school diploma or GED required 1 -3 years applicable experience in material handling/inventory replenishment or customer service Forklift Certification a plus Previous experience working in a GMP facility a plus Environmental Working Conditions & Physical Effort: The work environment characteristics and physical effort described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Typically works in an office, stockroom, or warehousing environment with adequate lighting and ventilation and a normal range of temperature and noise level The associate is required to stand and walk for the majority of the working day. The physical requirements of the job are for associates to talk, hear, bend/stoop, squat, crawl, climb height, reach above shoulder height, crouch, kneel, balance, and push/pull. Furthermore, the job requires associates to lift/carry/push or pull up to 50 pounds with or without assistance. Associates use both hands for repetitive actions such as grasping and manipulating as well as both feet for repetitive movement operating foots controls. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Must be able to travel internationally. Travel is generally 20-25% of time About Avantor Avantor® is a global manufacturer and distributor of high-quality products, services and solutions to professionals in the life sciences and advanced technology industries. As our channel brand, VWR offers an integrated, seamless purchasing experience that is optimized for the way our customers do business. Operating from over 30 countries worldwide, the company seeks to enable customer success in the biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, medical device, diagnostics, healthcare, educational, industrial, government, aerospace & defense, and semiconductor industries. For more information visit www.settingscienceinmotion.com . _Resume Submissions To VWR From Third Party Recruitment Firms Will Not Be Considered_ VWR is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. VWR maintains a drug free workplace. VWR is a US Federal contractor. VWR and design are registered trademarks of VWR International, LLC. VWR International, LLC is aware of fraudulent e-mails referencing VWR job opportunities. Please note: VWR does not hire employees through e-mail solicitation and never requests any employee to cash money orders or send money to others. If you question the validity of a job, please visit jobs.vwr.com . For more information on VWR please visit www.vwr.com . Job Posting Date: 2018-07-24