The Enterprise Information Delivery Team supports multiple systems which enable Whole Foods Market Inc. to enable reporting on operational and financial performance on a daily basis. We are a collaborative group of team members who work closely with each other, with our delivery teams, our architecture team, and the infrastructure teams, as well as closely with our product owners to ensure that high quality data and support for that data is provided to our business partners. This Security role is based in Austin, TX and will work in a positive, supportive, team-centric environment with other analysts and developers, including our business and vendor partners, to conduct system security analysis, guide implementations, establish best practices, document findings, perform configuration management, and collaborate in the integration and testing of the security tools. They will identify and resolve security needs and design supportable technical solutions which protect the availability, integrity, and confidentiality of sensitive information and assets and directly support compliance with PCI, SOX and PII regulations. This new team member will be analyzing and documenting the security requirements and security events for all points across a hybrid environment which includes Teradata Cloud, AWS and on premise Data Integration and Business Intelligence tools. This role and will be responsible to provide support in solving all phases of complex information security related technical problems. Responsibilities: Experience with security log collectors, management and analyzers. Experience in report and notification creation to provide detection and response to security events and incidents. Participates in the resolution of incidents. Cloud security knowledge desirable. Document response activities for any alert generated from our monitoring tools. Serve as an escalation point for the security operations across and within our Enterprise Information Delivery Team’s suite of tools. Provide guidance in database security, web application security, application systems, and provide assistance to other core security teams. Conduct research on emerging products, services, protocols, and standards in support of the Enterprise Information Delivery Team’s vision. Strong knowledge of traditional network security endpoint and network security solutions. Flexible and adaptable to taking on new responsibilities and learning new technology. Actively creates and maintains documentation of security standards, operational processes and policies. With guidance, participates in the security and compliance education program for business and IT department applications and processes. With guidance, develops automation for repetitive tasks with software and system automation frameworks. Monitor the maintenance of existing security solutions. Participates in periodic risk assessments, vulnerability scans and penetration testing of new and existing systems to identify, investigate and document security weaknesses. Effectively executes the duties of a Security Incident Response Team roll; responds to security alerts on a 24/7 basis during scheduled availability rotation and is always available for aggressive incident response in a declared state of emergency. Certain exceptions to availability will apply. Keen attention to detail. Flexible and adaptable to taking on new responsibilities and learning new technology. Effective and efficient at problem solving. Able to work independently. Able to effectively prioritize and multitask in a high pressure environment. Able to be discreet with confidential information. Consistent execution. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a technical engineering or IT related field or equivalent and 2+ years related experience. 2+ years working experience in information technology; 1 year of it in some aspect of information security. Requires background in at least 2 of the following domains; security products and technologies, security engineering, security analysis and investigations, cryptography. Certifications, such as; GSEC (GIAC Security Essentials), GCIA (GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst), GCIH (GIAC Certified Incident Handler), OSCP (Offensive Security Certified Professional) certifications a plus. Excellent oral and written communication and analytical skills. Demonstrated knowledge of LDAP and Key Management environments. Real world experience with scripting or programming. Experience preparing management-level documentation. Work experience in a company faced with HIPAA, SOX, or PCI compliance. At Whole Foods Market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled.