Horizon cloud services group is part of End user computing business unit which is responsible for delivering cloud hosted virtual desktops and applications to any device and anywhere. Horizon cloud services is our next- generation Desktop as a Service (DaaS) offering and our team is focused on adding rich capabilities to this platform including simplifying the management and provisioning of application and desktops in the cloud. This team is looking for a proven software engineer who can contribute to our Horizon cloud services product, improve its functionality and make it easier for our customers to configure and use our application and desktop remoting solution on the cloud with ease of management and monitoring. The team is very passionate about the work, the product and we are looking for similar passionate, creative and self-motivated engineer who is a quick learner and can deliver on end-to-end responsibility. You should be flexible and willing to work in a constantly changing environment with the right attitude and deliver on our promise to our customers, partners and ourselves. Responsibilities : Be a significant contributor in a strong engineering team, spanning multiple geographies in a fast paced environment. Breathe, live and champion one or more architectural facets of the product, propose product roadmaps, nurture the migration into a pure cloud world. Focus towards the products' architectural goals, ability to take an open-ended problem, architect and design an elegant and comprehensible solution. Ability to lead a team, mentor engineers, be a champion for creative technical trends, cultivate a well-rounded technical mentality in the team. Be the champion for attaining a higher quality bar with emphasis on reliable automated tests with continuous integration in an agile environment. Qualifications: 6+ years as a developer and 2+ years of experience building cloud solutions and/or microservices. Track record of architecting, designing reusable, high-performant and scalable systems. Experienced java coding skills and at least one scripting language (Ex: Python, shell, JavaScript, etc.) Extensive experience in web technologies like JEE, RESTful APIs, Jersey, Spring, Hibernate frameworks as well as experienced in databases such as Postgres, MongoDB, MySQL. Experienced in Linux deployments as well as on AWS / Azure public clouds Strong analytical, debugging and problem-solving skills Quick learner, self-motivated and has the ability to work independently You have strong verbal, written communication skills and a collaborative problem solving style. Bachelors / Master’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Horizon cloud services: http://www.vmware.com/cloud-services/desktop/horizon- cloud-hosted.html Horizon cloud video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHOgJDj70xM