Are you a talented, data-oriented business analyst that wants to get closer to the business? Are you passionate about data and how it can be used in investing? If so, we need people like you to help us: Design solutions to gather, enrich and automate data for use in investment research Coordinate a global team in delivering solutions to front-office personnel Fully own projects from inception to delivery Evidence Lab is one of the most innovative and highly regarded teams in UBS Investment Bank. We thrive on innovation and work as a startup within a well- established and well-funded investment bank. We specialize in various analytical techniques including web harvesting, geospatial, social media, market research, and data science. You will be joining a team of Business Analysts that sit within Evidence Lab that are helping to scale and grow the business. The team partners with different groups within Evidence Lab to deliver the full capability of our Operations and IT teams to develop repeatable, industrialized data products and analytical insights to the department You have: Bachelor’s degree in STEM or finance related disciplines Excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize issues Excellent oral and written communication, organizational and customer service skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills (data analysis and requirement documentation) Outstanding data skills (Excel, SQL, Data Visualization, ETL) Experience with working in Hadoop and distributed computing frameworks is a plus Prior experience of working within Investment Banking or Hedge Fund industries is a plus You are: ready to join a fast growing team in a dynamic and challenging environment relentless in pursuing new ideas and self-improvement Ability to self-manage and prioritize workload full of energy and able to persevere through technical issues a team player willing to learn / share solutions and best practices from your colleagues performance and detail-oriented Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? Together. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us). Why UBS? Video Are you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now. UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.