Microsoft Research AI (MSR AI) seeks exceptional postdoc researchers in the areas of deep learning, reinforcement learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields. MSR AI is comprised of researchers, engineers, and postdocs who take a broad perspective on the next-generation of intelligent systems. We seek applicants from all areas of deep learning, reinforcement learning, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields with a passion and demonstrated ability for independent research, including a strong publication record at top international research venues. Examples of current projects and directions in deep learning include: Multi-modal intelligence, fusing vision and language capabilities Reinforcement learning, including applications to dialog systems, games, and operational control problems Natural language processing with applications to language understand and language generation Neuro-symbolic systems and reasoning Neural program synthesis Foundations of deep learning, algorithms and machine teaching For a sampling of recent publications from our lab, please see the MSR AI website. In addition to submitting your CV and the names of three references as required by the online application, please also upload the following: The two conference or journal articles, book chapters, or equivalent writing samples which best demonstrate your expertise; An academic statement (approximately 2-4 pages) that outlines both your research achievements and agenda, and your service and outreach activities and plans (for example, those related to mentoring or diversity). By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications. Responsibilities As a postdoc researcher in Microsoft Research AI, you will have the opportunity to develop your research career as a member of a world-class research organization. We offer a vibrant environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research, both theoretical and applied, including access to diverse data sources, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. Qualifications Successful candidates will have a PhD and a well-established research track record as demonstrated by publications and open source software. Additionally, scientific leadership as demonstrated by participation on program committees is desirable. You are encouraged to define your own research agenda, while also collaborating with members of the lab. You may also get the chance to see your ideas realized in products and services that will be used worldwide. PhD in machine learning or closely related areas. Well-established research track record as demonstrated by publications and open source software. Scientific leadership as demonstrated by participation on program committees is desirable. Ability to define your own research agenda, while also collaborating with members of the lab. Strong collaboration and communication skills. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications.