VP of Technology, eC ommerce EF Education First Cambridge, MA Are you a technology leader who is looking for a role that is truly global in scope? Do you love architecting systems to innovate and strategically drive business operations? Are you a skilled team builder? The VP of Technology will be responsible for scaling the technology for our Consumer Travel Business which includes Go Ahead Tours, Ultimate Break, and Gap Year. Through technology you will help us provide life-changing travel experiences to customers at all ages throughout North America. Reporting to the Chief Information Officer, you will have the opportunity to grow a team and will be a key member of the executive team that drives strategy for land and flight operations. The VP will serve as the main tech business partner for all of our B2C Tours business presidents, both in Europe and Boston, and will collaborate regularly with the tech team in Boston. You will have… Real ownership and the opportunity to build and mentor a team A unique chance to work for a global company, but still enjoy the atmosphere of a small team The ability to create innovative solutions to some of our most important and interesting challenges in the eCommerce space An environment that thrives on innovation To feel great about your product and the impact it makes on our customers’ lives About you 10-15+ years of tech expertise and team leadership experience 3+ years working experience in eCommerce Vision, technical depth, strategic thinking, and entrepreneurial spirit Experience building, developing and managing technology team Cross-platform knowledge with strong familiarity with both .NET and open source technology Deep Agile development experience and understanding Extensive experience with object-oriented design Aptitude for building innovative systems that integrate seamlessly with legacy systems Demonstrated mastery of full-stack development for large scale distributed systems Deep knowledge of current and emerging technologies, software development and analysis Hands-on experience with data warehousing and cloud-based services Up-to-date knowledge of best practices in data integrity and information security A nothing is impossible attitude, backed by creativity and execution A tiny bit about EF Education First EF stands for “Education First”. Since 1965, we have helped millions of people transform their lives by opening the world through education. Today we’re the world’s largest private education company offering every imaginable way to learn a language, travel abroad, experience another culture, or earn an academic degree. For more information, visit http://www.ef.com/careers.