As a Modern Workplace Offering Architect you are responsible for contributing to the performance and growth of the Modern Workplace Offering across the West region with a focus on southern California. You work closely with the Regional Offering Lead and regional leadership and other Market Unit stakeholders to implement a strategy for offering identification and investments. Your role is focused on driving the offering every day. You are the “face” of the Offering internally and externally. You support offering sales, and support the management of delivery and offering related capability (like creating new and innovative offerings) and capacity, and own regional interlock with offering alliance partners, Microsoft, and Accenture. Day-to-day you will: One job every day – drive the offering (existing ones from North America and new ones you’ll create), working under the direction of the Regional Offering Lead Work with account teams to drive offering sales in targeted accounts Lead solution planning & design efforts for offerings Provide offering education to enable account teams to position with clients Support our Area/Region partner relationships Interlock with Accenture at the offering level Interlock with Global CoE on offering / asset development Partner with Capability Lead on MU workforce strategy, balancing supply vs demand timing and optimal GDN participation for offering You likely have more than 10+ years of relevant technology business leadership experience in areas such as solution sales, deal estimation, delivery and business management. You likely also have at least 7 years of demonstrated people and/or business leadership experience, particularly leading consultants. Qualifications Your business leadership experience likely encompasses: Extensive Office 365 Transformation Services Delivery A deep understanding of the desktop infrastructure space including System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), Windows 10, Active Directory, Office 365, device management tools and automation technologies including a deep understanding of current trends and roadmaps including Intune, Autopilot, Update Analytics, etc. Establishing a presence in a target market and in the minds of key clients through client interactions and executive presence Business development, marketing, and complex channel management Excellent leadership and communication skills, especially strong influencing and negotiation capabilities. You likely possess a bachelor's degree in business or technology-related field required; advanced degree strongly preferred, particularly technical (IT, engineering, or related) or MBA Requisition ID - 55159 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.