The Category Analytics Manager is responsible for improving various aspects of the shopping experience across all Amazon platforms in order to accelerate category growth. They understand each category’s value drivers, and focus on bringing them to life through: Optimal assortment across all platforms Taxonomy & organic search optimization Facets and Filers, Landing Pages, and Category Variation Rules Cross selling (complete the regimen) Pricing and Promotional strategies They will also partner across Consumer Marketing Insights to understand insights relevant to eCommerce and digital journeys at Amazon and commercialize them with the retailer. Because of the nature and future potential of eCommerce businesses including Amazon, this role will have the opportunity to share your insights and learnings with the core Category Management organization, customer development teams, and senior leadership within Unilever. Unilever is home to iconic brands such as Dove, AXE, Ben & Jerry’s, Seventh Generation, and Lipton, and on any given day, over 2 billion people around the world use our products. Accelerating eCommerce enables us to get closer to our consumers and rapidly scale our brands. This role will be critical to the growth of Unilever’s business through the eCommerce retail channel. What you’ll do : Be a detective to Develop Strategy: Uncover the largest category growth enablers: Develop a firm understanding of category and shopper dynamics Conduct a 6P analysis of each platform for each category to determine the largest growth enablers Be a pioneer. This is a first of a kind opportunity to develop relationships at Amazon to determine who and how to land the growth enablers. Develop reporting and analytical approach to perform e-category management at Amazon. Define a new way of working with our Unilever Amazon sales and insights managers Be a Change Agent. Influence Amazon to test new concepts through sound shopper and consumer insights Create compelling, data-driven stories that make it imperative for the Retailer to take the right actions Invent, Simplify, and Scale. Identify process or organizational problems that slow down the team and the pivot to digital commerce, and use your business knowledge and problem-solving skills to put scalable solutions in place to help the team make progress Basic Qualifications : Bachelor's degree 7+ years’ experience in CPG or Retail industry, including roles in category management and sales Working knowledge of eCommerce retail basics, traffic & conversion drivers, Search, the consumer’s path to purchase journey, and omni-channel retailer models Experience interfacing with the customer and owning commercial goals What We Can Offer You Culture for Growth | Top Notch Employee Health & Well Being Benefits | Every Voice Matters | Global Reach | Life at Unilever | Careers with Purpose | World Class Career Development Programs | Check Out Our Space | Focus On Sustainability Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities Applicants and employees are protected from discrimination under Federal law. For more information, please see EEO is the Law Employment is subject to verification of pre-screening tests, which may include drug screening, background check, credit check and DMV check.