What you'll be doing… The Event Marketing Manager will support our growing global programs. This position will work closely with the global conference and marketing work teams, vendors, and Tableau events team to plan and execute quality in-person experiences that delight the Tableau Community. Some of the things you’ll be doing will include… Overall event management for assigned suite of global conferences. Specific responsibilities include the following: Pre-program planning and process management Risk assessment and management Concept/Idea generation Internal client and vendor management Attendee/Onsite Management Budget preparation and contract negotiation Driver of weekly planning meetings for assigned conferences Works with the Sr. Conference Program Manager to complete Event Plans; conducting needs analysis, identifying key event objectives, ancillary event plans, timelines, sponsorship opportunities for implementation, assigns and manages work provided by contributors as needed for successful event execution. Manage internal stakeholders, cross functional event operations team, design studio, and key vendors responsible for functional areas of each event. Measure impact and results. Evaluate program progress and results against defined metrics. Continue to evaluate and improve processes, resources, and/or structure to gain productivity and other program improvements. Works closely with Sr. Conference Program Manager to report and manage the event budget against the priorities set for each event. Ensure tasks, updates, project components, and owners are correctly assigned and on track. Who you are… Detail oriented. With the ability to think on your feet to discover creative solutions. Problem Solver. You anticipate problems, know when to escalate, understand what tradeoffs should be made, and balance the needs of participating business owners when delivering an experience that is valuable to the attendee. Results driven. With the ability to plan for the worst but expect the best, know what needs to be done by when, and anticipate the next moves before asked. Cross-Cultural Leadership. Experience in working with international teams strongly preferred. Experience working with global virtual teams. Ability and interest in international travel. Relentlessly High Standards. Strong project management skills and ability to manage a timeline. Leader. Highly motivated leader with high energy, enthusiasm, and passion for the Tableau business. Strong communication and presentation skills. Proven ability in presentation and effective communication skills in formal and informal settings. Technically Savvy. Strong experience with MS Office. You don’t shy away from opportunities to get into technology – and you can learn it quickly. A true team player. Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast paced and dynamic working environment and build excellent rapport with internal teams; strong teamwork is a must. Go-Getter. Motivated to learn and grow with a fast-growing company. Ability to multi-task programs and projects in a fast-paced environment with short timeframes. Competing priorities and ambiguity do not slow you down. Experienced . 5-7 years of experience in marketing, event management, or project management. Experience with marketing communications and creating marketing content (newsletters, blogs, social media). Educated . Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business, or related four-year degree. CMP preferred. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.