Role Summary: GE Transportation’s Data & Analytics Team is building a next generation data and analytics ecosystem and is looking for a Big Data Architect to design, architect and execute strategy for Cloud architecture of big data components. This position is responsible to drive and execute the strategy for embedding ML/AI products in customer facing applications. As a strong team player, you will partner with functional leaders, platform architect, applications architect and operations leader. Essential Responsibilities: In this role you will: Design Data & analytics components “As a Service” for customers ensuring adhering to appropriate data classification controls, security and access Leads and coordinates the data domain technical and business discussions relative to future architecture direction Analyzes, designs and develops a roadmap, design pattern, and implementation plan based upon a current vs. future state in a cohesive architecture viewpoint Work on multiple projects as the technical expert in areas such as data ingestion, data engineering, analytics and visualizing large sets of data using modern big data technologies Think and act strategically about how technology and analytical capabilities can be leveraged for best business outcomes. Lead development of custom utilities, architecting data and technology platforms that are service-oriented with reusable components Participates in cyber product research and the design and coding of secure software applications and cyber security controls with the agile teams. Develop prototypes and/or proof of concepts to introduce helpful, new technologies Research and evaluate emerging data technology, industry and market trends to assist in project development and/or operational support activities Assists in the analysis, design and development of a roadmap, design pattern, and implementation based upon a current vs. future state in a cohesive architecture viewpoint Provide guidance to technical teams on the implementation of new and existing standards, processes, tools and best practices Demonstrate understanding of business priorities, strategic needs/opportunities, and applicable data and analytics technologies to build the best solutions Coaches and mentors other team members. Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or in “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) Minimum of 5 years of professional experience in Data Analytics, Data Warehousing or Business Intelligence (BI), relational data bases, Ingestion, reporting, and Analytics Eligibility Requirements: Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job Must be willing to work out of an office located in Chicago, IL Desired Characteristics: Desired Characteristics: Deep understanding and experience in architecting big data solutions on Hadoop eco system (Hortonworks experience is a plus) Good understanding and experience working in AWS or other cloud environments Knowledge of AWS Data Platforms (Kinesis, Data Pipeline, Lambda, Redshift, RDS, etc) Hands on experience in HDFS, HiveQL, Spark, etc., Expertise in different programming or scripting languages like Java, R, Python, Scala, etc. Good understanding and working knowledge of Talend Understanding of data replication tools such as HVR is a plus Minimum of 8 years of experience in IT projects / teams Minimum of 3 years’ design & development experience with Big Data technologies Expertise in data technologies - RDBMS (MySQL), MPP (Greenplum), Big Data (Hadoop), NoSQL (HBase, Cassandra) Strong team player, with the ability to collaborate well with others, to solve problems and actively incorporate input from various sources Demonstrated customer focus, with the ability to evaluate decisions through the eyes of the customer, build strong customer relationships, and create processes with customer viewpoint Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to communicate in a clear and succinct manner and effectively evaluates information/data to make decisions Strong interpersonal, and leadership skills, with proven abilities to communicate complex topics to leaders and peers in a simple, clear, plan oriented manner Change oriented, with the ability to actively generates process improvements, support and drives change, and confront difficult circumstances in creative ways Resourceful and quick learner, with the ability to efficiently seek out, learn, and apply new areas of expertise, as needed Highly self-motivated with the ability to work independently Superior organization, coaching and interpersonal skills, combined with effective leadership, decision-making, and communication Strong oral and written communication skills Demonstrated acceptance and adherence to high ethical, moral, and personal values DTR About Us: At GE Transportation, we are in the business of realizing potential. We are a global technology leader and supplier of equipment, services and solutions to the rail, mining, marine, stationary power and drilling industries. Our innovations help customers deliver goods and services with greater speed and savings using our advanced manufacturing techniques and connected machines. Our digital solutions , which provide data-driven insights to improve efficiency, utilize Predix – GE’s cloud-based operating system for the Industrial Internet. Established more than a century ago, GE Transportation is a division of the General Electric Company that began as a pioneer in passenger and freight locomotives. That innovative spirit still drives GE Transportation today and is strengthened by our ability to serve customers more holistically through the GE Store – a global exchange of knowledge, technology and tools across all GE businesses that ultimately provides better outcomes for customers. GE Transportation is headquartered in Chicago, IL, and employs approximately 10,000 employees worldwide. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Illinois; Chicago GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.