The role of the Cloud Client Executive is to drive gross profit (GP) and services revenue in a balanced portfolio for Cloud Solutions by: Developing an understanding and capability to position CDW Cloud Solutions in key areas including Software-as-a-Service, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, and Platform-as-a-Service. The Cloud Client Executive, in conjunction with pre-sales resources, will perform requirements gathering and will lead the efforts to deliver “as-a-service” proposals. Positioning the value of the CDW Advanced Technology services engagement methodology will be key to the success in positioning Cloud Solutions and will lead to success in maximizing -Cloud GP. The Cloud Client Executive will coordinate and lead the efforts to develop requirements and deliver customer Statements of Work around all services engagements. Key Areas of Responsibility Exceed category revenue and profit goal consistently while attaining high customer satisfaction. Exceed services revenue and gross margin targets consistently while attaining high customer satisfaction. Establish and maintain strong partnerships with vendor partners. Increase awareness of CDW's value proposition within assigned accounts through regular and consistent strategic account planning. Demonstrate good teamwork with coworkers and follow the specific directives of the CDW management team. Build and manage an opportunity pipeline for CDW's Cloud Solutions. Focus on driving and closing Cloud category and services revenue to achieve the overall Cloud Solutions revenue and gross profit targets. Demonstrate the ability to scope engagements to a high degree of accuracy with appropriate assistance and review from CDW and partner pre-sales and post-sales resources. Manage and track sales opportunity pipelines, forecasts and revenue using CDW's sales automation tool. Be a primary contact and sales resource for all local CDW Field Account Executives, Advanced Technology Account Executives, Account Managers, Inside Sales Representatives and customers. Be knowledgeable (industry expert) about products, applications, technical service, market conditions, competitive activities, advertising and promotional trends through the reading of pertinent literature and consulting with marketing and technical services. Maintain credible knowledge of competing technologies and solutions. Responsibilities Understand CDW services offerings; help develop services quotes for customers as part of a total advanced technology solution. Understand client business drivers and needs. Provide input on strategies to drive revenue for solutions and the overall CDW Cloud Solutions practice. Provide management oral and written reports on the client needs, problems, interests, market situation, competitive activities, and potential for new products/services. Conduct presentations online and in-person to existing and prospective clients. Conduct client interviews to collect detailed information and to assist in the calculation of TCO and ROI for Cloud opportunities. Present findings to customers. Help to create client-facing business development activities, perform demand generation and perform all follow-up to business development activities. Coordinate prospect meetings, teleconferences, and communications. Leverage multiple CDW and partner sales channels, including Field Sales Teams Participate in client seminars and workshops Create and deliver polished sales proposals and RFP responses. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or ten years or more of IT sales or solution architecture experience Other Required Qualifications Thorough knowledge of “as-a-service” solutions and business models Seven Years or more of professional services sales experience Strong interpersonal and presentation skills including consulting skills Strong Oral and written communication skills Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Preferred Qualifications Successful sales track record with “as-a-service” solutions