Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 4,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2016 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Job Title: Data Engineer As a Data Engineer, you should have expertise in the design, creation, management, and business use of extremely large datasets. You know and love working with analytic tools, can write excellent SQL, scripts (e.g. Python, PL/SQL) and ETL code (e.g. Alteryx, Informatica), and can use your technical skills and creative approaches to solve some unique problems in the BI space. In this role, you will be working across industry sectors such as retail, finance, healthcare and high-tech and you'll get an opportunity to solve some of the most challenging business problems. Qualifications: 5+ years of demonstrated data engineering experience 3+ years of experience with Big Data Technologies like Hadoop or Hive 2+ years of experience scripting using Perl, Python, Ruby, or other programming languages Advanced knowledge and expertise with Data modelling skills, Advanced SQL with Oracle, MySQL, and Columnar Databases 3+ years’ experience in custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance Preferred experience working with cloud platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud Platform or MS Azure Bachelor’s degree in CS or related discipline preferred _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law._