PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITY: This position supports multiple development donor data functions in support of donor data health and integrity, income generation and donor stewardship including but not limited to gift entry and database maintenance, reporting and mail list generation using Raiser’s Edge NXT. This position will provide data and reporting support to the entire development team in support of annual fundraising goals. This position requires multiple skills and experience managing varied tasks, excellent teamwork skills and the commitment to follow-through. The ideal candidate will be flexible, well-organized and detail-oriented with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Some evening or weekend work may be required. The Raiser’s Edge Database Administrator must demonstrate in their performance adherence to established policies and procedures exhibiting the defined characteristics associated with attendance and punctuality. MAJOR DUTIES: Responsible for managing and reporting on all aspects of the donor database. This includes reporting metrics, analyzing trends, and generating and managing multiple complex lists, reports, records and matrices. Responsible for creating and maintaining an internal, “customer service-oriented” team to collect, enter, store and provide access to donor data as requested by various development staff members. Ensure the timely entry and acknowledgment of all donor (including in-kind, stock and vehicle) and volunteer-related data into the Donor Database (Raiser’s Edge). Ensuring the overall integrity and accuracy, and cultivating a culture of data health of donor data. Ensuring accurate entry of donor and prospect-related data and for conducting regular analysis and reporting of needs to request permission for data clean up. On-demand creation of standard and customized reports that include donor information, including but not limited to donor segmentation, mailing lists, monthly reporting, weekly and monthly maintenance, demographic data, financial donation data, in-kind donation data, and prospect data for a wide variety of marketing, communication, and donation solicitation programs. Schedule, design and conduct mandatory, ongoing training of development staff (including new employee onboarding) in the basics of interacting with the donor database specifically for their role. Responsible for bringing in outside training resources in addition to providing in-house training. Attend training opportunities for continuing education that will ensure that SAF is at the leading edge of, and implementing best practices for donor data record management and that SAF is positioned properly to leverage its donor data in order to maximize the outcome of solicitation requests for financial support and volunteer engagement. Creative thinking and active proponent of process improvement proposals. Act as a backup for the Volunteer Database Administrator. NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES SUPERVISED: Directly: 0 Indirectly: 0 Total: 0 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree desired or equivalent experience. Technically skilled with Microsoft Office suite and CRM software (e.g. Raisers Edge or Salesforce). 3+ years’ experience with donor record management desired. Successful track record in managing large (50,000+ donor records) donor databases using Raiser’s Edge CRM software. Excellent internal communication skills and a commitment to proactive communication are required to be successful in this key position. Proven ability to create a collaborative and supportive “customer-service” oriented environment in order to meet the demands of a fast-paced development environment with many internal customers. Flexible – open to new ideas, data strategies and management guidance. Detail oriented with a commitment to data integrity and quality of work. Deadline-oriented and skilled at managing deadlines and milestones. Self-starter with positive energy, emotional resilience and commitment to excellence in data quality. Can-do, roll-up-your-sleeves positive and open-minded approach to managing donor data, transferring knowledge via training and providing ongoing support to “customers” throughout the Development function at SAF. Internal customer-service oriented, passionate about their work, and honest. Able to take initiative, work independently and also perform as a team player. Commitment to issues of social justice and to St. Anthony Foundation’s Statement of Values. We honor diversity and respect the religious commitments of all employees and applicants. In turn, our employees respect the Franciscan traditions and Catholic Social Teachings on which this organization is based, and they support the mission of St. Anthony’s