Description 1800Flowers.com is seeking an Events Associate to work out of our Carle Place, NY (Long Island) office. The Events Associate will be responsible for scaling the Harry & David Hosted Dinner program by planning and executing, from start to finish, experiential events. As the primary point of contact for Harry & David events, you will develop partnerships with local venues, restaurants and business owners, and coordinate with social influencers to successfully host our monthly events. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Coordination and management of logistics for Harry & David Hosted Dinners On-site support for events Research venue options and partner with local restaurants for dinner events Reach out to social influencers to develop partnerships for social media Develop and maintain social media content to promote Dinners and brand Manage and maintain archives for event files and records Requirements Requires a Bachelor's Degree 2-3years of experience at a third party or in-house event management team, preferred Working knowledge of the event and hospitality/meeting planning industries Reliable self-starter Problem-solver who uses critical thinking skills to choose an appropriate course of action Excellent written and verbal communication skills The ability to build strong relationships with cross functional teams and third-party vendors Ability to meet deadlines, stay organized and manage several projects in a fast-paced environment Strong skills working with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), particularly in Excel Ability to work flexible schedule with occasional evening/or weekends with some travel About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.