Microsoft Research AI (MSR AI) seeks exceptional interns in the areas of deep learning, reinforcement learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields. MSR AI is comprised of researchers, engineers, and postdocs who take a broad perspective on the next-generation of intelligent systems. We seek applicants from all areas of deep learning, reinforcement learning, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields with a passion and demonstrated ability for research. Interns will work closely with research mentors on research projects with the goal of publishing results in top venues. During a 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Internships are offered year- round, although they typically begin in the summer. All internships are paid. We will help with visa applications where needed. Examples of current projects and directions in deep learning include: Multi-modal intelligence, fusing vision and language capabilities Reinforcement learning, including applications to dialog systems, games, and operational control problems Natural language processing with applications to language understand and language generation Neuro-symbolic systems and reasoning Neural program synthesis Foundations of deep learning, algorithms and machine teaching Additional publications are available on the MSR AI website. Responsibilities As an intern in Microsoft Research AI, you will have the opportunity to develop your research career as a member of a world-class research organization. We offer a vibrant environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research, both theoretical and applied, including access to diverse data sources, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be enrolled in a graduate program in CS, EE or related fields. Have demonstrated research, experience. Preferred Qualifications Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.