Brandeis University seeks an Academic Administrator to manage admissions and recruitment of graduate students in the Division of Science graduate programs. This person will advise and guide graduate students throughout their programs and serve as a resource and point-of-contact during their time here. This person will also maintain academic and financial records for Division of Science graduate programs. Examples of Key Responsibility: Work closely with faculty and students to maintain academic and financial records for Division Science graduate students in databases and student folders and ensure that students are on-track in their graduate programs. This includes but is not limited to: scheduling and tracking milestones; performing audits of student progress; creating financial paperwork; reminding students of and enforcing academic deadlines; guiding students through the procedures for degree completion; overseeing and monitoring TA assignments; and generally shepherding graduate students through their graduate program. Update the alumni database and contact alumni when necessary. Work with faculty graduate committees to modify or update graduate program requirements and, accordingly, update student handbooks and the University Bulletin. Act as a point-of-contact and resource for students throughout their time in their graduate programs. Interface and work directly with graduate students, faculty, and others on campus to guide students through their graduate programs and advise them with problems or hurdles as they arise. Issues are varied and often unique, requiring an in-depth knowledge of University policies, practices, and resources and an ability to "connect the dots" between various resources on campus to make judgments on best courses of action. This position will be required to recognize areas of need for graduate students that our office does not currently assist with, and design and implement new services that can be provided to our graduate students accordingly. Oversee admissions and recruitment for the Division of Science graduate programs. Participate in the admissions process by acting as a liaison between applicants/prospective students, GSAS, and the pertinent faculty and staff. This includes maintaining contact with applicants via phone and email to answer all applicant queries, maintaining our applicant database, coordinating and organizing applications and applicant data for the admissions committees, and overseeing all aspects of planning recruitment interview weekends and visits of prospective students for the various division of science graduate programs. Participate in the graduate recruitment process by updating or creating materials to distribute or display at recruitment events, attending local or national recruitment meetings, and organizing and planning in-house recruitment events. Prepare incoming graduate students for matriculation into the graduate programs by providing them with information and resources necessary to begin at Brandeis and answer questions/assist as needed. Organize and run orientation events for the incoming graduate students in the Division of Science. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or other training, coursework, or experience required. Advanced degree in life or physical sciences preferred. Candidates should be proficient with office productivity software and Google mail, calendar, and docs. Knowledge of Filemaker Pro or other database is preferred in order to maintain student databases. Must be very well-organized, efficient, and have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written. Must be able to troubleshoot problems, re-prioritize tasks when necessary, and work independently. Additional Information: This position requires a self-motivated, highly organized, individual who can function with minimal errors in an environment with frequent interruptions. This position will interact with faculty, administration within and outside of Brandeis, current students, former students, and prospective students and requires superb people skills and a calm demeanor. This position will be required to make on-the-fly assessments of situations and have good instincts for when to directly assist with resolving the problem and when to contact a manager or faculty member. This position will work directly with students, faculty, and other offices on campus to advise and guide students through their graduate programs and resolve any other issues that may arise. Travel to local or national meetings for graduate recruitment purposes may be required. This position will oversee and work with office student workers for assistance with clerical and routine tasks. How to Apply: Submit cover letter and resume as a single document at http://www.brandeis.edu/humanresources/jobs/external.html. Elect option for "New Applicant". Sort the job listing by clicking the Job ID column heading. Locate the desired job listing. Click the job title and then Apply Now. Closing Statement: Brandeis University is committed to providing its students, faculty and staff with an environment conducive to learning and working and where all people are treated with respect and dignity. Toward that end, it is essential that Brandeis be free from discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religious creed, gender identity and expression, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, age, genetic information, disability, military or veteran status or any other category protected by law (also known as membership in a "protected class").