What part will you play? Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Sr. Software Developer- Full Stack for the Digital Product, Platform & Strategy: Consumer B2B Applications department. The Sr. Software Developer – Full Stack will be responsible for being a hands-on software engineer that manages a product release and maintenance from inception to launch and everything in between. This position requires a key individual who understands business functions and requirements and translate those to a working application to allow WB Technology to continue innovating services in support of the company divisions. Develop core functionality and components for applications; services and websites, in support of Consumer and B2B facing users, by starting with business needs and objectives, creating functional and technical specifications and executing against a plan to launch and maintain applications. Review project objectives and determine best technology for implementation. Implement best practice standards for development and deployment of code and applications. Ensure clear/straightforward design and comprehensive documentation of code. Identify code/functionality that can be reused and pull it out, improve upon it, and publish it for appropriate reuse within the team. Review emerging technologies and evaluate potential uses for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Develop prototype projects using new technologies. Evaluate software products and vendors for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Recommend action, develop and lead implementation of selected products/services. Work with internal and external developers to ensure WB Technology code standards and best practices are performed for development of applications. What do we require from you? Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. 3+ years of web development experience. 3+ years developing native application on mobile or OTT devices, like iOS, Android, Apple TV tvOS, Chromecast, Roku or equivalent. Experience with current web languages and frameworks ranging from scripting to compiled as NodeJS, Ruby, Python, Scala, Go, or equivalent. Experience with native application development on device platforms as iOS, Android, React Native and TV app development. This includes advanced level experience with Swift, Objective-C, React Native, Kotlin, Java and/or BrightScript. Experience with distributed version control, cloud-native practices and knowledge repositories using Git, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins or equivalent systems. Advanced level web development experience with HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript libraries and frameworks, such as React, Angular, Bootstrap, etc. Demonstrated experience integrating to service backends. Advanced computer knowledge is essential, as is experience with software applications necessary to complete projects. These may include, but are not limited to, digital graphic & prototyping tools such as Sketch, Adobe XD, Photoshop and/or Illustrator. Expert object-oriented programming skills. Experience with defining highly scalable cloud-native architectures and solutions from business requirements, producing estimates and timelines plans and managing delivery against those plans for the application development. Understanding of related Web issues, including accessibility, site architecture, user-interface, navigation, type. Overall knowledge of the entertainment industry business preferred. Overall knowledge of Warner Bros. businesses, business processes, technologies and applications that support it is preferred. Must be able to create and maintain clear, concise, and well-constructed documentation. Experience managing client and vendor relationships is a plus. Experience working with off-shore teams is a plus. Experience with social media systems is a plus. Excellent attention to detail, and a desire to learn and master new technologies a must. Strong experience in estimating projects, and time management skills. Must be a “self-starter” as well as work in a group project environment. Must possess excellent problem-solving skills.