Job Summary: We are now looking for a Solution Architect, who will be responsible for analyzing, designing and developing commercially viable end-to-end technical solutions for the customers. In this role, you will also be accountable for providing profitable business for Ericsson by translating customer needs, and technology opportunities into detailed technical offering, solutions and proposals. Responsibilities: Scope, define and design solution offerings; driving end-to-end technical solutions Analyze customer technology, define business requirements and participate in risk analysis Work with core team on list of potential activities and solutions Develop technical presentations and proposals, and perform customer presentations Support deployment of solution Provide feedback to R &D Participate in knowledge transfer, documentation and information sharing Stay abreast of on new technology/technical areas and share information about solution to enable customer competence build Key Qualifications: Education: BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science – Masters preferred Minimum years of experience: 10+ years Domain experience: area of expertise – (Recruiter to supply) – Cloud, Big Data, Hadoop, PaaS, SaaS, SAFe Agile, system integration (internal Ericsson: OSS/BSS, EAI) Experience from technical job roles is required, e.g. experience from work as an Integration Engineer or Software Developer A Solution Architect candidate is assessed according to the following tracks: Domain, E2E, Network Optimization/Network Design, Fiber Network Design and Site Energy Design. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || SharedServ