Looking for your next career move, project or freelance opportunity? Explore your career possibilities with Talent 101. At Talent 101 we take ownership of our semiconductor customer's projects, direct hire and contract needs and provide them with the brightest talent that are on top of their game and can make a direct impact on our customer's business. Our customer has asked Talent 101 to identify a SOC Security Analyst with a focus on Windows for a project located in Richardson, Texas. What is the project about, what will the selected candidate be doing and what is the outcome our customer expects? You will be working in a Security Operations Center (SOC) as a SOC Security Analyst responsible for the continuous investigation of automated alerts & manually reported IT security incidents. The analyst will handle initial triage, analysis, and identification of incidents, and work to resolve less critical events and escalate others as needed to senior security analysts. The selected candidate will collaborate closely with the senior security analysts and local IT support teams around the world, and participate during execution of the Incident Response plan in response to cyber-attacks. Primary Responsibilities Executing Monitoring responsibilities as defined by customer including: Monitoring alerts in various tools Performing initial triage analysis Incident creation Work the alerts to resolution or escalation Simple issue resolution based on documentation or guidance from Team Leader Receiving and documenting incident and service requests via web tickets or phone calls or emails and convert them to tickets Following operational processes: Shift turn over reports Incident management Escalations Knowledge and process documentation Participating in continuous improvement initiatives. Using only approved tools and resources Performing all functions from designated facility No remote access will be permitted for this role Collaborating with worldwide customers and engage with global IT teams What is required to be successful in this opportunity? Required Qualifications: 2+ years network security monitoring. Malware analysis, incident response, endpoint protection, using SIEM tools. Candidate should have a strong desire to provide world-class support and be highly skilled in communicating with the end user community and team mates. Candidate should demonstrate strong customer service, verbal, documentation and listening skills. Candidate should demonstrate the ability to access, triage, and determine criticality of issues or incidents. Preferred certification: EC-Council Certified Incident Handler (ECIH) or GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH), CompTIA Security+. Applicants must be at least 18 years or older, must be willing to take a drug test and background check as part of the selection process and must have legal authorization to work in the United States. For more information regarding Talent101 please visit our website www.talent-101.com. We provide an open door policy; please feel free to follow up by email info@talent-101.com or by phone 972 503 2101 and ask for a Resource Project Manager to assist you. Talent101 does not discriminate in practices or employment opportunities on the basis of an individual's race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, or any other proscribed category set forth in federal or state regulations. Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, 401(k)