Job Description Position Overview/Description: Responsible for Leading a Workstream and partnering with global business leads in driving alignment and integration of new contact center technology and integration with other third-party applications and internal Ford applications (e.g. case management, knowledge management, chat, and telephony) Responsible for the integration, testing, organizational change and operation of contact center products that integrate and communicate with the Emerging IT Ecosystem and Ford Enterprise. This will include the coordination of integration and enablement of overall feature set with existing Ford applications (ie. FordPass) and other key interfacing activities such as MSS, FCSD, Ford Credit, IT, and Suppliers to maintain synergy and integration alignment. Responsibilities: The Workstream Lead, as a member of the delivery team, will be responsible for understanding all aspects of the planned business solution, with focus on one or more functional or technical work streams. This will include managing deliverables, understanding of the various interfacing systems and daily interaction and relationship management with key business customers and IT team members. This position will support exciting projects in the Global Contact Center Program and provide opportunities to learn technologies such as Microsoft Dynamics 365, Chatbot, Portal, and other Cloud Based technologies on a large global program. The role may also have supervisory responsibilities to drive a team providing: Development of system specs by interpreting the business, user, functional, and non-functional requirements Ensure the implementation of the functional/nonfunctional requirements to produce the final solution. Development of Logical design from the Conceptual model Understand the capabilities and limitations of new systems and how they integrate into the existing environment Apply company architecture standards appropriately to the solution or service in collaboration with Architects Provide input on program estimation and project complexity Development of implementation and transition plans Ensure solutions meet Ford IT standards, procedures, security, and policies Interact with technical peers (business analysts, developers, architects), IT and business management Work with external vendor experts Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelors Degree 3+ Years of experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 3+ Years of experience with Global CRM, Contact Centers and other technologies (e.g. Case Management, Knowledge Management, Chat, Telephony) Preferred Qualifications: Team Leadership experience Ability to deliver project commitments Experience in ensuring design is in compliance with specifications Team-oriented and have excellent oral and written communication skills Strong analytic and problem solving skills Good organizational and time-management skills Global business acumen Emerging technologies, cloud architectures, security and/or any other service-oriented architecture experience Experience replacing legacy systems and driving business change with new technology System Integrator / COTS Implementation experience Experience in all phases of the development lifecycle Experience applying agile practices to solution delivery Requirements gathering, Use Case, and Test case development experience The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, you discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.