At Ping Identity, we're changing the way people think about enterprise security technology. With our innovative Identity Defined Security platform, we're helping to build a borderless world where people have total freedom to work wherever and however they want. Without friction. Without fear. We're headquartered in Denver, Colorado, and we have offices and employees around the globe. And we serve the largest, most demanding enterprises worldwide, including over half of the Fortune 100. Because even in the most complex enterprise environments, security shouldn't be a source of anxiety. It should be one of your greatest competitive advantages. We call this digital freedom. And it's not just something we provide our customers. It's something that drives our company. People don't come here to join a culture that's build on digital freedom. They come to cultivate it. A Solutions Architect will work with all accounts in an account territory to ensure our clients are successful with our technologies and help expand the usage within existing accounts. The individual will have technical responsibilities as well as account management and expansion objectives. Ideal candidates will have a strong technical capabilities combined with account management, business acumen, and good relationship-building skills. Responsibilities Include: Works deals assigned to territory and regional team to establish and implement strategies geared to revenue generation, customer success and expanding usage within named clients Focuses on defining customer technical needs and requirements. From this, recommends solutions that satisfies both the customer and company objectives Provide support for Ping Identity solution proof of concepts and participate in technical discovery calls with prospective clients Focus to maintains high customer satisfaction ratings that is line with Ping Identity company goals Provide documentation highlighting named account use cases both current and future. Provides coaching and professional development to others in the Solutions Architecture and Sales team in order to enhance their product and technical knowledge, as well as technical sales skills. At times, will work closely with support, professional services, and product management to ensure solution design fits with customers’ business requirements. Essential Qualifications: BS computer science or equivalent degree, or at least 5 years experience with enterprise-level software systems in a client-facing role Has background in one or more Identity and Access Management disciplines, such as: Authentication, Authorization, Federation, Access Management, Directory, etc. Proven ability to architect solutions from start to finish: designing specifications, prototyping, managing POCs, etc. Proven track record of success in a sales related role World class, interpersonal verbal & written communication skills World-class problem solving skills, troubleshooting ability and analytic skills Self-managed and able to work in a high performing team environment Desired Qualifications: AD/LDAP skills and directory services User Account Provisioning and Synchronization services Authentication technologies (Kerberos, multi-factor, mutual TLS, etc.) Windows security related technologies including Kerberos, NTLM, PKI, TLS/SSL and Security Policy Experience with WAM products (CA SiteMinder/IdentityMinder, IBM Tivoli Access Manager, Oracle Access Manager, ForgeRock, etc.) Microsoft Cloud (Azure, O365, etc.) IaaS/PaaS services (AWS, Rackspace, etc.) Experience with various types of operating systems and web application servers (Apache, IIS, JBoss, WebSphere, WebLogic, Tomcat, etc.) Windows collaboration software (Exchange, SharePoint, Dynamics, etc.) Developer languages (JAVA, .NET, PHP, Javascript, Objective-C, etc.) RESTful web services General networking, including HTTP/S, TCP/IP, load balancers, firewalls, proxies and familiarity with tools for troubleshooting networking issues such as Fiddler