Position Overview The Enterprise Data Center (EDC) Manager position is responsible for managing the Enterprise Data Center for the Office of Enterprise Technology. The EDC Manager is responsible for ensuring maximum performance of the EDC, working with County customers and vendors regarding current and future projects, and taking a proactive approach to the server infrastructure and systems. (rev. 7/3/18) Position Qualifications Minimum Education and/or Experience: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a closely related field and seven (7) years of technical IT management work experience which includes: three (3) years in a management and/or supervisory capacity; three (3) years working in large Virtual and Microsoft environments supporting 2,000 systems and 15,000+ users, along with prior systems hands-on experience for Operating System (O/S) Administration using Windows and VMware; three (3) years of budget management experience and two (2) years managing or overseeing large projects. An equivalent combination of post-secondary education and job-related experience may substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis. Specialized Training, Certifications, and/or Other Special Requirements: Must possess, or have the ability to obtain by the time of hire, a valid Arizona driver's license. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: _Knowledge of:_ MS Windows/Linux and back office application (MS SharePoint, MS IIS, MS SQL, MS Exchange, etc.) administration knowledge, including installation, performance tuning, monitoring, and on-going system maintenance tasks Microsoft Active Directory, DNS, WINS, DHCP in a multi-forest and multi-domain model Servers, storage, networking, and data archival/backup solutions Virtualization experience using VMware products suites Procurement practices Budgeting, preferably zero-based Project Management _Skill in:_ Troubleshooting complex issues, and provide outstanding and effective customer/technical support (asking questions, explaining, giving instructions). Detail orientation Demonstrate a positive, willing attitude ready to embrace change Written and oral communication, including presentation skills and in communicating with technical and non-technical audiences _Ability to:_ Multitask, follow through on all assigned tasks and exercise good time management skills while working with a large number of internal and external teams and departments Incorporate customer service and security into all aspects of work Improve relationships with others by understanding their perceptions and issues, and finding win-win solutions Develop creative solutions to complex problems while considering potential business impact Plan strategically Establish training and mentoring programs Be a self-starter Preferred Education and/or Experience: Configuration Management experience using Microsoft/Linux. SAN/Cluster experience (HP preferred, other tier 1 can substitute). CommVault backup software experience. Preferred Training, Certifications and/or Other Special Requirements: PMP- Project Management Professional certification. ITIL Foundation training/certification. Working Conditions: Work is performed in an office and data center environment. Must be able to work after hours, weekends and holidays, as well as be on-call 24 hours a day, seven (7) days a week. Managers are expected to be available for on-call staff escalation should an outside of business hour event require manager escalation. Essential Job Tasks Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues with subordinates, while providing guidance and training on troubleshooting techniques. Provide ongoing monitoring and proactive administration, tune and maintain systems to ensure maximum performance, reliability and availability to ensure SLAs are met. Provide outstanding customer service/support. Track support provided. Work with customers to ensure and understand their business needs and how departmental-provided services can be best delivered to meet their needs. Work with customers to architect and implement new technology projects; this includes working with vendors, performing project management, communicating with customers, directing subordinates and coordinating vendors. Develop and execute test plans to check server infrastructure and virtualization systems availability for disaster recovery. Report on findings, and make recommendations for improvement to senior management. Selection Procedure The Maricopa County Human Resources Department reserves the right to admit to the selection process only those candidates considered to be the most highly qualified. Those selected will be assessed based on evaluation of listed education and experience. The hiring authority will interview and select the successful candidate from a list provided by Human Resources. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically, successful candidates are hired at a salary rate up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.