Job Description Supervise the Blending, Packaging and/or Warehousing of Lubricants in accordance with Global Products Catalog (GPC) in-line with the Lubricants Quality Standards (LQS), and according to the Plan set by the Production Planner whilst meeting HSSE, Security and Environmental targets. This role will be responsible for Blending, Bulk Unloading/Loading Rack, Packaging and/or Warehouse Departments. Operating hours include 5 day work week with daily with 3 - 8 hour shifts. Overtime and Weekend operations are sometimes needed to cover for unscheduled down time and/or customer demand. Principal Accountabilities: Provide Front Line Supervision & visible leadership to Blending, Packaging, Shipping & Receiving departments. Provide “Visible HSSE Leadership” through effective Coaching, training and leading of Operators to understand their individual and collective role in HSSE “GOAL ZERO” behaviors and mindset to facilitate eliminate HSSE risk in the work place through proactive actions including but not limited to Near-Miss and Potential Incident Reporting and Hazards elimination. Promote a safety culture that drives toward Goal Zero Coach, train and lead Operator teams. Develops, manages and motivates local staff. Ensure Production resource levels and shifts are organized to enable Production Volumes to be achieved and the cost effective/efficient use of Overtime as needed to meet demand variability. Ensure Right First Time Blending, On Time and In Full customer orders, and Planning Schedule Adherence. Ensures operational processes and procedures are implemented and adhered to. Revisions made and documented as necessary. Work closely with maintenance group to ensure packaging and blending equipment is maintained properly. Lead Continuous Improvement mindset including Root Cause Analysis, Corrective and Preventative Actions. Ensure operations are carried out in accordance with roles described in GSAP/Streamline. Meet all state, local and federal regulations relating to Plant operations. Special Challenges: To supply package products in accordance with agreed quality specification, whilst operating the Plant at the lowest possible cost, meeting first quartile benchmarks (e.g. PIMS), to agreed Customer Service Level as outlined in Delivery Promise, in accordance with agreed processes, and ensuring Excellent HSSE Performance (zero TRCF). This is an extremely challenging role critical to the success of the Houston LOBP and the continued strategic development plan of the Americas lubes business. The challenge is enhanced by the size and complexity of the plant’s operating mandate. In order to meet the challenge, the successful candidate should possess the following competencies and professional experiences. Must be able to lead change and operate/communicate effectively to team members in a fast-paced environment. Interact with various internal departments to contribute to business growth. Proactively suggest ideas and improvements to contribute to the ongoing enhancement of the efficiency and effectiveness of processes. Ensure regular effective communication to staff, management and stakeholders to ensure that the business and customer requirements are achieved. Assist Site Management in development of longer-term solutions to complex, or systemic issues, involving the relevant stakeholders. Organize effective quarterly and annual review procedures for direct reports including the review of business performance, agreed action plans and personal development plans. Motivate all team members to achieve personal and team targets. Individual must take initiative to resolve opportunities that arise during daily activity by involving the appropriate personnel and developing solutions. Build “Shared Vision” and demonstrate genuine concern/compassion for Employees through fair and equitable treatment and through development and training as measured by the Shell People Survey. Country of Work Location United States City, State (if applicable) Houston, TX Work Location Texas - Houston Lubes Plant Company Description Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemicals companies with over 90,000 employees in more than 70 countries and territories. In the US, we have operated for over a century and are a major oil and gas producer onshore and in the Gulf of Mexico, a recognized innovator in exploration and production technology, and a leading manufacturer and marketer of fuels, natural gas and petrochemicals. We deliver energy responsibly; operate safely with respect to our neighbours and work to minimize our environmental impact. We are in search of remarkable people who will thrive in a diverse and inclusive work environment to deliver exciting projects locally and globally. People who are passionate about exploring new frontiers. Innovators and pioneers. People with the drive to help shape our future. Because remarkable people achieve remarkable things. Requirements Must have legal authorization to work in the US on a full-time basis for anyone other than current employer. Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain, manufacturing, engineering or other relevant disciplines. Minimum ten (10) years packaging or blending operations experience. Prior leadership/supervision experience in a mid-size Manufacturing site is a plus. Previous experience in blending, bulk loading, and packaging motor oils and/or chemicals is desirable. Experience managing a unionized workforce is desirable. No. of Positions 1 Disclaimer Please note: We occasionally amend or withdraw Shell jobs and reserve the right to do so at any time, including prior to the advertised closing date. Before applying, you are advised to read our data protection policy. This policy describes the processing that may be associated with your personal data and informs you that your personal data may be transferred to Royal Dutch/Shell Group companies around the world. The Shell Group and its approved recruitment consultants will never ask you for a fee to process or consider your application for a career with Shell. Anyone who demands such a fee is not an authorised Shell representative and you are strongly advised to refuse any such demand. Shell participates in E-Verify. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws. Shell is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability. Job Expires 05-Sep-2018