At Dialpad, we're a team of do-ers. A team that thinks outside the box and when that doesn't work, we reinvent it. Led by Craig Walker, and the same minds behind Google Voice, Dialpad is a business phone system that hosts voice, messaging, video and meetings across all your existing devices. Dialpad empowers your employees to have smart and easy communications wherever they are in the world, and whenever productivity strikes. With $70 million in funding from Google Ventures/Andreessen Horowitz/Softbank/Work-Bench and through the hard work and brilliant minds of TeamDialpad, we have built an modern platform that powers business communications for the most innovative companies in the world: Uber, WeWork, Stripe, EventBrite, Stripe, Asana, Stitch Fix, and more! Dialpad has employees all around the world (San Francisco - San Jose - Austin - NYC - Raleigh - Vancouver - Waterloo - Philippines - Tokyo). Come help us build the anywhere worker revolution! The role: Dialpad is looking for an experienced Fraud Analyst with a strong background in credit card processing, billing and fraud who knows what it takes to catch the bad guys! This position requires a person who can roll up their sleeves and make things happen by identifying, escalating and preventing suspicious fraudulent behavior. Reporting directly to our Chief Product Officer, this new role at Dialpad will be responsible for designing models and strategies to effectively mitigate risk and will act as our go-to expert for all things related to fraud. Responsibilities: Build and design the models and strategies that govern automated fraud and credit decisions, and develop an analytical process to effectively mitigate risk Review transactions for potential fraudulent activity Work cross functionally on managing risk associated with new products, marketplaces, and payment methods Work with operations teams in various regions and cities to define risk policy and processes Educate internal teams and external parties on processes and procedures Requirements: BS/BA or higher in quantitative fields such as statistics, math, computer science, operations management, engineering or related disciplines Experience in two or more of the following categories: Security architecture and risk mitigation for enterprise networks or data center environments Cloud/Enterprise IT administration (configuration, patching, deployment, change management) Data center ops Network security Strong risk and fraud domain knowledge Experience with PII/ PCI compliance Ability to take security related issues and describe the risk they pose to the business Ability to drive the definition of project scope, develop detailed project plans, and facilitate the collection of engineering, operational, and business requirements Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills Excellent interpersonal skills, including negotiation and problem resolution in a cross-functional team