Job Description Your Opportunity Denodo is always looking for technical, passionate people to join our Services Engineering team. We want a professional who will travel, consult, develop, train and troubleshoot to enhance our clients’ journey around Data Virtualization. Your mission: to help people realize their full potential through accelerated adoption and productive use of Denodo solutions. In this role you will successfully employ a combination of high technical expertise and client management skills to conduct on-site and off-site consulting, product implementation and solutions development in either short or long-term engagements being critical point of contact for getting things done among Denodo, partners and client teams. Duties & Responsibilities Obtain and maintain strong knowledge of the Denodo Platform, be able to deliver a superb technical pitch, including overview of our key and advanced features and benefits, services offerings, differentiation, and competitive positioning. Constantly learn new things and maintain an overview of modern technologies. Be able to address a majority of technical questions concerning customization, integration, enterprise architecture and general feature / functionality of our product. Capable of building and/or leading the development of custom deployments based and beyond client’s requirements. Provide timely, prioritized and complete customer-based feedback to Product Management, Sales, Support and/or Development regarding client’s business cases, requirements and issues. Train and engage clients in the product architecture, configuration, and use of the Denodo Platform. Promote knowledge and best practices while managing deliverables and client expectations. Manage client expectations, establish credibility at all levels within the client and build problem-solving partnerships with the client, partners and colleagues. Provide technical consulting, training and support. Develop white papers, presentations, training materials or documentation on related topics.