Alternate Locations: Greensboro, NC (North Carolina); Radnor, PA (Pennsylvania); Work from Home Relocation assistance is not available for this opportunity. Requisition 56085 About the Company Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 company with over 10,000 employees, provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence. Our core business areas — Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection — focus on supporting, preserving and enhancing over 17 million customer’s lifestyles and retirement outcomes. Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE: LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $253 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2017. Ranked one of the Best Large Employers in America by Forbes magazine, Lincoln Financial Group makes a serious investment in our employees’ futures through a broad range of wealth accumulation and protection plans, health and wellness programs, and career development resources designed to help each individual reach their personal and professional goals. The Role This position will serve as a resource for the design, development, and continuous improvement of actionable more complex reports/metrics that enable the business to make data based decisions. S/he will serve as a resource for the People Analytics team leader with the implementation of workforce analytics solutions to integrate HR and relevant business data for managers and HR leadership. This role will also act as a resource for applicable internal/external stakeholders. Responsibilities Designs and builds more complex HR system reports. Develops business requirements and works closely with internal stakeholders during report design and delivery. Ensures all business requirements are thoroughly tested with a high degree of quality. Generates reports and dashboards from HR systems/tools that enable business decision making. Automates the development of actionable metrics/dashboards using existing tools. Completes ad hoc HR reporting and analysis requests. Completes monthly data refresh processes and validation of People Analytics tool and documents/resolves data anomalies working with applicable internal/external stakeholders. Performs testing on new data attributes/metrics and quarterly release functionality in the People Analytics tool. Provides recommendations to enable HR master data management that are in line with the department and core data solutions. Builds extracts to pull data from source systems and aggregates data sets to support People Analytics research. Completes annual benchmarking survey submission process including mapping Lincoln data/metrics to relevant survey matches. Education & Experience 3 - 5+ Years Business Intelligence/Analytics experience that directly aligns with the specific responsibilities for the position.(Required) 4 Year/Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience (4 years of experience in lieu of Bachelor's) (Minimum Required) Experience working with Success factors reporting tools required. Experience with workforce analytics tools such as Visier and data aggregation tools such as Dataiku a plus. Knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems. Experience with SQL, and Tableau a plus Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook). Travel Information Travel Type : National Domestic Travel Amount : up to 50% LI-AB1 This position may be subject to Lincoln’s Political Contribution Policy. An offer of employment may be contingent upon disclosing to Lincoln the details of certain political contributions. Lincoln may decline to extend an offer or terminate employment for this role if it determines political contributions made could have an adverse impact on Lincoln’s current or future business interests, misrepresentations were made, or for failure to fully disclose applicable political contributions and or fundraising activities. Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Lincoln Financial Group are considered property of Lincoln Financial Group and are not subject to payment of agency fees. Lincoln Financial Group (“LFG”) is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veterans status, or genetic information. Applicants are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications. If you are a person with a disability that impedes your ability to express your interest for a position through our online application process, or require TTY/TDD assistance, contact us by calling 260-455-2558.