The financial analyst is responsible for providing stakeholders with data, financial analyses and recommendations to help drive the company’s strategic goals. This position is also responsible for analyzing and reporting historical trends and assisting in the development and coordination of annual budgets, forecasts and audits. The role will also require collaboration and rapport with colleagues across all levels of the organization. Key Responsibilities: Provide financial advice and knowledge internally at all levels when evaluating potential decisions that may have a significant impact on the business. Develop and maintain real estate financial models and analyses to support strategic initiatives. Develop and prepare analysis and reports associated with loan servicing, real estate financial deal structure, capital stack, and sources & uses. Perform analysis of information to assist with strategic planning and business development including market and competitor analysis and identification of risks and opportunities. Partner with departmental leaders to ensure realistic annual and monthly forecasts provide a path to achieve the company’s objectives. Quantify and communicate “stretch” components to financial plans. Analyze and report on trends in historical, current and projected monthly financial and operating data. Recommend responses and follow up on unexpected variances to historical trends, budgets and forecast. Use company data and business understanding to develop financial analyses helping senior management to understand key trends and variance explanations in sales, pricing, revenue and operating expenses. Assist in the developing and coordination of annual budgets and forecasts. Coordinate and analyze periodic forecast of actual verses budget performance. Create presentations and analysis of budget performance and key business metrics. Collaborate with business leaders in all areas of the company to develop department dashboards and KPIs. Assist in the preparation of the finance department’s monthly financial presentation and actively participate in the meeting with sr. management to review the company’s financial performance. Analyze planning and analysis currently performed in Excel to identify opportunities for other business intelligence tools. Design and implement improved tools for scenario and sensitivity analyses and reporting tools to improve analysis and reporting. Continuously assess the effectiveness of the current processes and systems to identify improvement opportunities. Take a leading role in building, verifying and maintaining a data vault of core company data. Conduct ad hoc analyses, benchmarking and reporting as assigned. Supplemental Job Functions: Maintain knowledge of current trends and developments in the field of finance, accounting and information systems. Performs other duties as assigned. Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no supervisory responsibilities. Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities to be successful in this role: Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting, or related field is required in addition to at least five (5) years of experience in financial planning and analysis within a dynamic, diversified service organization; real estate, banking or private equity experience, preferred. Any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the knowledge and abilities necessary to perform the work. Possess the highest integrity and ethical standards and the ability to command and inspire trust with all constituents. Strong technical skills in all aspects of financial reporting. Ability to distill complex issues quickly, effectively communicate strategies and summarize key points & implications. Strong organizational, project and process management skills including demonstrated ability to think end-to-end and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Experience with performance management and financial/operating dashboards. Exceptional problem analysis and solving skills. Outstanding financial acumen (strong technical quantitative and analytical skills) and judgment blended with business partnership and a pro-active operating philosophy. Attention to detail and accuracy. Highly organized, self-directed business style, with strong ability to prioritize. Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills, capable of communicating with a diverse range of individuals at all levels of management. Must be a team player willing to be flexible in working towards solutions on issues which impact the broader organization. Outstanding interpersonal skills and evidence of maturity. Effective at building strong working relationship at all levels of the organization. Must be process driven. Ability to analyze procedures to ensure effectiveness. Exceptional financial modeling skills. Advanced level Microsoft Office skills (Excel, PowerPoint, Word). Preferred Knowledge, skills and abilities: Experience working in real estate related banking and/or private equity Working Conditions: Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. Frequent visual/auditory attention. The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a colleague encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.