To provide senior level database administrator (DBA) services for Production, test, and development databases across all platforms. To provide senior level physical database analysis, design, creation, and maintenance services. Do you want to be part of the future of data engineering and data management at Vanguard? Do you want to spearhead Cloud database adoption within Institutional Systems and be involved in NGA and BvaaS? Are you a hard-working, creative individual with a hunger to learn new technologies? If you answered yes to the above questions, read on! This position is for you. Institutional Architecture is looking to hire a Cloud Data Engineer who would help break apart IIG’s monolithic Enterprise databases into micro databases and provide development and Production data support for Cloud databases. The qualified candidate will also provide Data Replication support for Institutional Systems project teams implementing Cloud Data Architecture. Within Institutional Systems, we are implementing a microservices architecture. As part of the architecture, we are implementing Cloud Data Architecture (CDA) which involves implementation of micro Cloud RDS Postgres databases using Attunity Replicate as the data replication tool. As an AWS cloud data engineer, the resource will focus on implementation and maintenance of IIG’s CDA (Cloud Data Architecture) development and production systems. These systems will be developed in collaboration with Institutional Architects and Institutional Systems project teams. The main technologies the person will be responsible for development, support and administration are RDS Postgres and Attunity Replicate. The responsibilities will grow as Data Architecture matures to include technologies like Dynamo DB, S3, AWS DMS and Kinesis. The role will require the resource to work closely and collaboratively with CTO, GTO, IAM, Institutional Architects and Institutional PCoE. Here are requirements for the role: Proficient data modeling skills: Ability to understand basic data modeling concepts, such as Entity, Attribute, Table, Column, RI, index, Constraints, apply the basic modeling principles, such as normalization vs denormalization, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd normal form. Excellent analytical and conceptual thinking skills to understand bounded context of domain services, excellent design skills needed to break apart monolithic Enterprise data model into micro databases. Proficient Application DBA skills for Cloud Databases The individual will perform the following database administration and development work for cloud databases Be knowledgeable about IIG’s applications and their data needs. Design and implement Cloud databases and database clusters for Application high-availability, disaster recovery and performance. Knowledgeable about AWS processing and storage costing model and ability to recommend appropriate design/AWS instances/processing for required workloads (Batch, online) for application. Performs day to day monitoring, optimizing, and provides developer support for creation of databases, tables, and indexes. Builds backup and recovery jobs. Helps teams with access patterns, locking strategy, data archiving, cache management, job scheduling, SQL development, and tuning. Resolves complex Production data and database problems Administers and maintains Production, test, and development databases. Proficient Attunity Replicate Support The individual will carry out following activities: Assists project teams in performance, data quality issues, latency management related to CDA/Attunity Replicate for data replication. Administers and maintains Production, test, and development environment for Attunity Replicate. Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Provides senior-level DBA services such as database troubleshooting, developer support, and environment maintenance for Production, test, and development databases across multiple platforms. 2\. Participates in the development process by reviewing requirements and designs, recommending implementation/architecture options, performing transaction analysis, reviewing SQL, implementing database designs, and establishing database management procedures for large and/or complex business systems. 3\. Performs database administration for mid-tier server databases, including installations, upgrades, configurations, and patching. Performs day to day monitoring and optimizing, and provides developer support for creation of databases, tables, and indexes. Builds backup and recovery jobs. 4\. Maintains database logs and bug lists. 5\. Trains and mentors staff. Resolves complex issues elevated from staff with less experience. 6\. Identifies opportunities for continuous quality improvement of technical standards, processes, and technologies. 7\. Reviews application designs for compliance with production acceptance requirements. 8\. Complies with IT policies and procedures, especially those for quality and productivity standards that enable the team to meet established client service levels. Complies with Information Security policies and procedures. Verifies deliverables meet Information Security requirements. 9\. Participates in special projects and performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience, with a computer science degree, preferred Minimum five years DBA experience, including two years experience implementing shared enterprise database solutions, preferred. Strong written and oral communication skills. Strong analysis and problem solving skills. Advanced knowledge of the following DBA practices and concepts: database replication; database monitoring, optimizing, and maintenance; and database logs and bug lists. Advanced knowledge of one or more IT platforms: Microsoft Windows NT; UNIX; See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. Advanced knowledge of current versions of the following products: Oracle; Microsoft SQL Server; UNIX Shell Scripting; SQL/PL SQL; Lotus Notes; Microsoft Office Suite. Familiarity with Data Modeling concepts. Special Factors 1\. Operations are 24 x 7. May be required to be oncall, work beyond normal business hours, including night shift, as needed. See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. 2\. Remote and off hours support: Can be up to 15%. See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting 3\. On call: Mon. - Thu., 24 hours for 1 day per week; Fri. - Sun., 24 hours/day for one weekend every other month. See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.