Corporate Research & Technology focuses on the front end of innovation by: conducting research to advance the state of the art, emphasizing cross- business impact technologies, and innovating to provide Eaton’s customers’ with safe, efficient, and reliable power management solutions. The Machine Systems Technologies team has the principal goal of identifying, developing, and justifying commercialization of significant growth opportunities for diverse Eaton businesses in the area of electromechanical and electrohydraulic systems and components for the Vehicle, Aerospace, Hydraulics, and other industrial markets. Effectively managing the data generated by these components and systems is critical to generating value beyond the components and systems themselves. The Lead Data Engineer will work on implementing data projects with a focus on collecting, parsing, and managing large sets of disparate data using multiple platforms to enable easy data access for analytics and visualization. He or she should be able to decide on the needed hardware and software design needs and communicate to the leadership on the requirements. The data engineer should be able to develop proof of concepts and scalable solutions for real- world products. The Lead Engineer is expected to serve as a technical and/or project lead on projects within the Machine Systems Technologies team. They are responsible for meeting the schedule, scope, cost and technical targets for all efforts under their control. They are expected to contribute to technical papers and presentations as well as IP generation through authoring (or co-authoring) disclosures and patents. As a key member of the Machine Systems Technologies team the Lead Engineer is expected to develop themselves as a subject matter expert both internally and externally to Eaton. This includes attending conferences, seminars and/or consortium meetings in relevant industry to network with technical peers and stay relevant in their fields. Serves as a technical lead and/or project lead in technology realization programs/projects utilizing our internal project execution processes, including Gate Reviews, Design Reviews, and Technical Reviews. A technical lead, as a subject matter expert, is responsible for the execution of milestones that are critical to the project. The technical lead coordinates activities with other engineering resources on the team to ensure the timely completion of the project milestones. Project lead is the single point of contact for the entire project. Responsible for creating, executing and tracking all the milestones for the entire project. Assigns roles and responsibilities for the project team members. Discovery of data across many different systems, data sources and data types (structured and unstructured) Profile data to measure quality, integrity, accuracy, and completeness Data preparation and blending for reporting and visualization purposes Designing efficient and robust ETL workflows Helping to streamline a better data supply chain for analytics that goes from experimentation into production Working with cloud computing environments Evaluate and analyze any new tools and recommend data strategy changes as needed Contribute to group knowledge sharing platforms and best practice Participates in brainstorming sessions contributing to the technology strategy for their department Contributes to the value proposition development for technical projects and programs Contributes to government proposal preparation and/or assist with project execution. May serve as technical lead in proposal preparation and/or owner of work package during project execution Supports building business relationships by presenting ideas and projects, participating in ideation events and acquiring resources and funding needed Assists in the identification of leading external partnerships, outside technologies and best practices to bring to Eaton Participates in external open innovation events with universities and research institutes Develops as a subject matter expert through active participation in conferences, seminars and/or consortium meetings in relevant industry to network and stay current on topics in their field Actively contributes to IP generation through authoring or co-authoring disclosures and patents Effectively applies appropriate processes, system and tools (ex: DFSS) Mentor Jr staff and consult internal business and engineering customers Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering from an accredited institution 5 Years of experience in data engineering Data warehouse architecture experience is required Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering from an accredited institution Experience with Semantics/Knowledge Representation/Ontologies/Linked Data Experience with Data Visualization tools Experience taking at least one new application through initial technology development and into production ETL experience Experience with querying tools SQL/No SQL Experience with object oriented programming languages Experience delivering internal technical presentations Position Criteria: Working knowledge of cloud/big data platforms (AWS, Azure, Oracle, Hadoop, etc.) Understands and can discuss the importance of advancing commercialization, technology and manufacturing readiness levels in concert Understands and can articulate the business impact of various solutions We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters. Job: Engineering Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico Organization: CTO Corporate Technology Office Job Level: Individual Contributor Schedule: Full-time Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: No Does this position offer relocation?: Relocation from within hiring country only Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time