GuideStone Financial Resources is a diversified Christian financial services provider that allows a flexible work schedule and great benefits that include every other Friday off. GuideStone serves more than 200,000 participants nationwide in the faith-based marketplace. We are the largest Christian- screened mutual funds family in the nation, with approximately $13 billion under management. In addition, GuideStone holds approximately $2 billion of alternative investments. In late August, we will be moving to our new location at 5005 LBJ in North Dallas. A dynamic and motivated individual responsible for architecting and implementing database solutions across the enterprise in alignment with our overall DevOps strategy. This individual will provide technical leadership and direction for the team, while ensuring the timely delivery of solutions with an extreme focus on security, resiliency, scalability and performance. The database architect will also be responsible for establishing, communicating, and enforcing standards related to database lifecycle management within the enterprise. What you will do: Lead, manage, and mentor database administrators. Oversee the administration, architecture, availability, performance, security, licensing and support of all database and database-related systems. Coordinate with management to maintain daily operations and project status. Lead technical planning on strategic vision and direction for data delivery infrastructure, including “cloud-first” computing strategies, ensuring robust, best-practices based approaches, and adhering to defined standards and expectations. Develop and maintain solutions with development and infrastructure teams around data services to support complex challenges specific to organizational requirements. Work closely with Software Architect and Data Services team to solidify architecture roadmap and implementations, including business systems, analytics, integration services and reporting. Ensure implementation of required security and regulatory configurations for enterprise database systems, including data classification, protection, and segregation. Support DLM and CI/CD strategies for enterprise database systems meeting performance, scalability and availability with limited maintenance and downtime. Work with other teams within IT to proactively monitor, maintain, and report on database performance and availability. Assist in creating budgetary requirements for all database platforms and associated utilities to maintain the established security, availability, and performance standards. On call and overtime as needed to support the IT customer base at night and on weekends for problem resolution. Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience, required. Microsoft Database Certification(s) desired. SQL Server Database Administration (8 years) SQL Server monitoring, troubleshooting, and performance tuning (8 years) Structured Query Language in a support role (8 years) Supporting a high-availability SQL Server environment (5 years) SQL Server Analysis Services in a support role (5 years) SQL Server Reporting Services in a support role (5 years) SQL Server Integration Services in a support role (5 years) Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) for CI/CD (2 years) Microsoft Azure IaaS/PaaS (2 years)Must possess a vision in order to develop long term strategy. Must have strong leadership skills. Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks. Must be able to develop workable project and implementation plans of all sizes, and track their progress. Must be able to organize technical teams to function effectively. Ability to assess own strengths and weaknesses, as well as the strengths and weaknesses of members of the team. Must be able to plan and operate within a budget. Must be able to associate technical possibilities with business opportunities. Ability to learn new skills, as well as teach and assist members of the data services team. Good oral and written communication skills, with the ability to manage difficult or emotional customer situations, as well as clearly, concisely, and persuasively convey information in positive and negative situations. Motivated and capable of driving projects and issues through to completion. Ability to delegate and organize. Ability to learn and adapt to technology changes. Ability to work effectively with both the business user departments and the Information Technology teams. Must have complete confidentiality regarding GuideStone business matters.