Looking for your next opportunity? If so, choose Parkland and discover what a meaningful job feels like. Whether you work directly with patients or use your talent to support our care, you’ll be part of a team that’s providing valuable health services to Dallas County residents. And here, you’ll have the opportunity to put all your skills to work, and the support to grow and advance in your job and your field. Step into a career that will make a substantial difference for our patients—and for you. We blend cultures, talents, and experience into an exemplary health and hospital system. Parkland has earned distinction as one of America’s Best Hospitals by U.S News and World Report every year since 1994. PRIMARY PURPOSE Responsible for the overall information systems operations in the department, including database creation/ implementation/maintenance, applications analysis, project management, and serving as a liaison between the department and the Information Technology (IT) division in order to ensure optimal information systems for the assigned department. MINIMUM SPECIFICATIONS Education: Must have a Bachelor's degree in a health related field or Information Systems. Experience: Must have five years of experience in designing and maintaining complex databases, working with application design and system development, and creating statistical reports. Equivalent Education and/or Experience: May have an equivalent combination of education and/or experience in lieu of specific education and/or experience as stated above. Certification/Registration/Licensure: License or certification in area of clinical expertise may be required. Skills or Special Abilities: Must be able to demonstrate knowledge of clinical and administrative procedures, practices and protocols. Must have in-depth practical knowledge of using information technology to assist in the delivery of fast and efficient patient care. Must be able to demonstrate an understanding of the interdepartmental roles of various health and allied professions, define complex relationships between medical and business related needs and technical system elements, recognize system problems, identify the cause and implement appropriate solutions. Must demonstrate knowledge of operating systems in a client-server environment. Must have experience with Database Management Systems operations, maintenance, and backup/recovery. Experience in SQL reporting required (example: Crystal Reports, Access). Must be able to apply rigorous analytical skills to improvement efforts. Must be able to prioritize efforts to achieve strategic goals. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be customer service oriented. Must be able to work a revised shift as required. May be required to respond to service calls around the clock. Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.