General Summary: The Director, Analytics provides leadership, support, training and expertise in the evaluation, utilization and implementation of key data derived from BMG analytic tools and industry benchmarks to enable optimization in operations, quality, finance, patient experience and revenue cycle. Reporting directly to the BMG VP, Finance, collaborates to improve the transparency and accuracy of financial and operational data. Essential Duties: Ensuring the validity of the data in the BMG data system including operations, quality, patient experience, finance, and revenue cycle. Training and proficiency of BMG leadership and colleagues with use of BMG data systems. Training and proficiency of BMG leadership and colleagues in using analytical tools and processes to examine the performance of their assigned area for opportunities to increase efficiency, particularly around the areas of quality, patient experience, financial outcomes, and operational efficiency. Expertise on physician enterprise industry benchmark data and its application. Responsible for leading the BMG deployment of the nThrive suite of tools, as a key part of the BMG data system to include practice/provider level opportunity action plan development. Create a training program for nThrive super users Ensures data and analytical support for the BMG operating plan to include collaborates with the BMG Administrative Business Manager on preparation and conducting annual and quarterly reviews of the same. Ensures the proficiency of initiative executive leaders in managing this function for their individual initiatives. Ensures data and analytical support for BMG Monthly Operating Reviews (MORs) and proficiency of key leaders in managing this function for their individual operations. Ensures data and analytical support for achieving accurate and achievable annual budgets, based on system requirements and opportunities to increase operational efficiency. Trains and develops BMG leadership in achieving the same for their areas. Standard Qualifications: Education / Training: Bachelor's degree in accounting, finance, business or healthcare administration required. Master's Degree is strongly preferred. Work Experience: 5-7 years in a healthcare organization with experience in data analytics, fiscal management and operational development required. Certification, Licensure, Registration: Membership in a professional organization such as Medical Group Management Association (MGMA), American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) or Healthcare Financial Management Association (HFMA) preferred. Fellowship and/or certification in a professional organization strongly preferred. Other Qualifications: Excellent written, verbal, and analytical skills, attention to detail and demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office applications and management data systems required. Proven ability to develop collaborative relationships with physicians, peers and leaders is essential. Experience with ambulatory care, practice management, acute operations, compensation planning, fiscal management, service excellence and regulatory preparedness preferred.