A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This role assumes analytic project ownership, starting from conceptualization and design of solutions that identifies entities at risk in a multifaceted, high volume and high throughput data environment. Oversees the process of development, implementation and enhancement of the analytically derived models and products. Responsibilities also include providing oversight and leadership for a team of data scientists. This position will have frequent interactions with other departments as necessary. Essential Functions Spend about 70% time in analytical / technical work including advanced data analysis and solution development. About 30% time in team management. Lead the design, development, and maintenance of analytically derived models for assessing risk and detecting and preventing fraud. Provide sound decision making for analytic solutions, sensitive to the constraints and needs of the business. Align team objective with overall department goals and company strategies. Translates high level business objectives into quantifiable analysis tasks. Identifies and recommends new modeling and analytics opportunities. Identifies, experiments with, and develops appropriate machine learning techniques to extract the value in data from various sources to solve valuable business problems. Responsible for managing analytic teams in support of multiple projects or tasks simultaneously, ensuring accurate and reliable communication to and from project teams and management. Manage a team of data scientists and their professional development. Prepare and present technical information in appropriate form to management as well as to technical colleagues. Establishes and maintains positive working relationships with internal and external customers. Complies with all security policies and procedures, to ensure that the highest level of system and data confidentiality, integrity and availability is maintained. May perform other duties as required. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science or related field; Advanced degree preferred. A minimum of 10 years working experience in predictive modeling, optimization and machine learning (or equivalent education and experience). Experience with various machine learning methods including classification/tree, SVM and ensemble approaches. Proven experience with understanding business requirement and translating into an analytic design. Advanced experience in utilizing a wide variety of statistical modeling techniques. Extensive knowledge on commonly used, industry related analytical data sources. Proven ability to evaluate different analytical approaches and select the optimal design and techniques. A minimum of 7 years experience in data mining with a range of advanced technical tools (Python, R, Hadoop, Hive, SQL, Java, Spark, etc.) for timely manipulation of large data sets. 3 + years of demonstrated ability to provide oversight for multiple projects Effective leadership skills. Capability to lead large scale analytic projects involving multiple analysts and partner with other Demonstrate ability to work effectively in cross-functional groups. Must be able to excel in a fast paced environment with multiple priorities. Strong interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills. Convey responsiveness and competence when dealing with internal customers, staff, peers, senior management. Strong ability to effectively communicate findings from complex analyses to non-technical audiences. Approved background and drug screen is required. Preferred Qualifications Additional related education and/or experience preferred Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling, and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._