Who we are Collaborative. Respectful. A place to dream _and_ do. These are just a few words that describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world’s most admired brands, Toyota is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We’re looking for diverse, talented team members who want to grow and _start their_ _impossible_ with us. An important part of the Toyota family is Toyota Financial Services (TFS), the finance and insurance brand for Toyota and Lexus in North America. While TFS is a separate business entity, it is an essential part of this world-changing company – delivering on Toyota’s vision to move people beyond what’s possible. At TFS, you will help create best-in-class customer experiences in an innovative, collaborative environment. Who we’re looking for The TFS Business Intelligence Department is looking for a passionate and highly-motivated Data Mart Consultant. The primary responsibility of this full time employee, with benefits role, is to provide enterprise level support for Human Resources, Treasury and Vendor Management Office Departments by developing scalable data marts in order to further TFS business analytics. They will also be assisting with data mart projects on a global scale, with other TFS entities outside the United States. This person will report to the National Manager, Business Intelligence Data and Reporting, and be a strong individual contributor employee on the team. A successful candidate will bring 7+ years’ experience implementing a successful data mart build within a large organization, 1st hand object oriented programing skills in C++, Java, Python, Ruby or .Net, knowledge of SQL Server, Teradata, Hadoop, or Oracle environments. This technical expertise will be paired with business facing experience, in support of modeling applications. What you’ll be doing Lead the development effort and serve as the subject matter expert on the data model design for the data marts supporting HR, Treasury, and VMO groups Collaborate and provide insights on integration of Workday data into the current enterprise data environment which will entail applying 1st hand object oriented data model design knowledge, to include programming in C++, Java, or Python to create scalable data mart Provide guidance on the migration of various data marts to a shared platform Consult to develop the corporate data dictionary and oversee the creation and implementation of all reporting (dashboards, views) Ensure data mart alignment with Enterprise Data Management and BI Data and Reporting governance practices Influence and build senior management relationships that will, in confidence, challenge the status quo (Kaizen), and add organizational value, while developing innovative solutions with emerging BI technologies What you will bring Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Electric Engineering from an accredited institution Experience in designing several types of data marts across various business units and integrating into current traditional enterprise data marts Demonstrated 1st hand object oriented programing skills in C++, Java, Python, Ruby or .Net Familiar with data analytics and visualization tools like SAS, Tableau, or Power BI Working knowledge of relational database platforms (RDBMS) Strong data analysis skills using SQL/PL What we’ll bring During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include: A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement Vehicle purchase & lease programs Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family Flexible work options based on business needs Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute Paid holidays and paid time off Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, child care, schools and more Flexible spending accounts Relocation assistance Onsite amenities such as fitness center, restaurants, etc. What you should know Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law. Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com! LI-KT1