The Microsoft user experience team is seeking a full stack web developer with a focus on front-end and user experience development. If this is you, you'll join us in our effort to create extraordinary experiences for our technical audiences. You are passionate about web development, the right user experience and building big systems that can handle a lot of traffic. You’re opinionated in the way things should be built and the processes by which we should get there- but your opinions are built on a respectable foundation of experience. Additionally, you have the demonstrated ability and prowess to navigate cross- organizational boundaries to build strong relationships with other engineering teams. Also, you are not afraid to get in to the details with homegrown platforms and applications and find their place in our workflow. In this role, you would Work closely with partners in UX & UI design, content publishing, product management and engineering to develop experiences for customer-facing web properties and applications using core web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript). Develop and foster strong relationships with developers on teams across the company to collaborate on experience development. Seek opportunities in our day-to-day workflow to improve quality and efficiency from ideation to deployment. Document your processes and workflow in sharable documents for future reuse and adoption. Use your experience with a broad range of technology stacks, platforms and workflow tools to do your best, most efficient work and teach others to do the same. Responsibilities At least 3 years’ development experience writing and reviewing both front-end and back-end code daily in a team environment. Deep experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Proficiency with C++, C, or Java Experience with responsive web design Experience with browser testing and device testing all of your work. Experience with front end web development frameworks/technologies such as Bootstrap or Angular and server side technologies like ASP.NET, Node, JSP or others. Experience developing web content that is fully accessibility compliant Qualifications Preferred experience: Mobile application development experience (iOS, Android, or Windows Phone) Familiarity with MVC frameworks/patterns Comfortable working with databases like SQL, MySQL, and MongoDB. Contributions to the open source community. Experience working with a number of content publishing platforms (WordPress, Craft CMS, Expression Engine, etc.). Solid understanding of command line tools. Presentations and/or published material to the web/mobile development community. APEXawesomejobs APEXawesomejobsOnlineEngineering Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.