Brief Job Description _The hiring salary for this position will be $51,724.71-$64,255.50_ The Plans Examiner performs all levels and types of residential and commercial plans examiner work by applying knowledge in multiple areas of applicable building codes. Incumbents review plans, write letters, review plan revisions, and interpret codes, processes to the public, architects, engineers, and contractors. Coordinates plan reviews with staff planners, landscape plans examiners, fire plans examiners, public works plans examiners, construction inspectors, and other City departments. This position requires a minimum of three years of experience in plan review. Work requires broad knowledge in a general professional or technical field, knowledge is normally acquired though two years of college resulting in an Associate's degree or equivalent years of experience. Position requires an ICC Building Plans Examiner Certification and a valid Driver's License. The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of three years plan review experience ideally with one year in a municipal setting. The ideal candidate will have a positive attitude and the ability to verbally express a customer service attitude that reflects the voice of the customer while maintaining the underlying responsibilities of the job, life safety. At the City of Goodyear, you will be a part of an organization that values its employees as its greatest asset. You will become part of a dedicated team of professionals that will be challenged to learn and grow in an environment that values employee development and career-building. You will thrive in a culture of innovation. We believe that successful employees are those that possess five core competencies: Integrity - Initiative - Empathy - Optimism - Innovation EXAMINATION PROCESS Only a limited number of the most highly qualified applicants meeting the City's requirements will be invited for an interview. Examination process for this position will include: Panel Interview Job Requirements Essential Functions 12 Month Objectives Plans Examiner 12 Month Objectives Become proficient with the Goodyear City Code as it relates to the Building Safety Division, and the amendments to the adopted codes, including a basic understanding of the Zoning Ordinance as evidenced by the ability to properly respond to questions from the public and other city employees. Be actively engaged in the LEAN culture as evidenced by being open to change and identifying opportunities for improvement. After receiving appropriate training on HTE software, accurately enter data and research issued permits. Learn the building permit process and its related documentation as evidenced by completion of plan reviews and appropriate documentation, and be able to offer suggestions on ways to improve the processes and procedures. Actively participate with interactive dialog and feedback during staff meetings. Prepare and submit letters, and reports clearly and concisely as evidenced by having both internal and external customers easily understand written materials. As needed to conduct work duties, actively participate with Engineering, Planning and other departments on a routine and reoccurring basis. Become familiar with the corporate boundaries of the city as well as major subdivisions and development activity, as evidenced by the ability to properly respond to questions from the public and be able to locate street addresses using GYMaps. Maintain proficiency in the knowledge of state-of-the-art construction materials and methods by reading appropriate trade magazines and attending periodic seminars and workshops related to inspection and construction technology. Participate in professional development training opportunities offered through LMS with prior approval of supervisor. Complete all required City Annual Training as identified in LMS.