_Stretch yourself – and your potential to succeed. ETS-Lindgren is the leading solutions company providing components and systems that measure, shield and control electromagnetic and acoustic energy. Throughout our company, our people bring a wide array of abilities and backgrounds – strong interpersonal capabilities, technological savvy, and every skill set in between. Join a global, team-oriented organization. Where the work is interesting and the days are filled with exciting, new types of projects for a wide variety of clients._ _www.ets-lindgren.com_ _Be a key member of the ETS-Lindgren team, a world leader in the development and manufacturing of RF Test and measurement products._ NOTE: Only one job vacancy is available. The selected candidate will work in the Wood Dale, IL office or the Cedar Park, TX office. _J_ _ob Description:_ ETS-Lindgren, an international manufacturer of components and systems to measure, shield and control electromagnetic and acoustic energy, seeks a BIM/Revit Designer to work in our A.E.C division who is a highly motivated individual and is driven to work in on unconventional architectural designs in a design build environment. Our BIM Modeling Services include 3D BIM Modeling and Clash coordination in Revit 2017 & 2018\. BIM modeling and coordination with general contractors utilizing 2D, 3D components. Specializing in R.F shielded enclosures, Architectural, and Structural modeling. In this position you will work in the AEC division of ETS-Lindgren with other Architects and Designers of similar background. Responsibilities: Responsibilities include extensive use of Revit, and Auto Cad to virtually design and model R.F shielded enclosures to create architectural, electrical and mechanical construction documents with structural detailing ability and preparing Bills of Materials in an MRP system. Interface with the customer, general contractors, project management and architects on various projects both domestic and international. Work with our clients during the pre-construction phase to build 3D models, 2D Shop Drawings, As-Built and Submittal drawings This is a fast paced environment and will require an individual who has flexibility, creativity and a willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job done. The right candidate must be an assertive, self-starter with excellent communication skills, must be able to work in a team environment and adapt to changing priorities. Qualifications: Education AA degree in Design, Architecture, Technology or 3 years BIM modeling experience Experience 1-3 years of experience in an Architecture design/build firm using CAD and Revit or any equivalent combination of education and experience. Knowledge Skills and Abilities Working knowledge of Revit 2018 and AutoCAD 2018. Good understanding of basic AEC; Architectural Engineering and Construction methods. Analyze building codes, space and site requirements, and other technical documents and reports to determine their effect on architectural designs. Draw rough and detailed scaled plans for foundations, buildings and structures, based on preliminary concepts, sketches, engineering calculations, specification sheets and other data. Obtain and assemble data to complete architectural designs, visiting job sites to accurately document existing conditions as necessary. Ensure installation compliance with design specifications and provide guidance of any design changes. Structural Steel detailing is a plus. Be an enthusiastic champion in the advancement of Building Information Modeling The ability to work in a variety of construction environments including commercial, government, industrial and health care related projects. Ability to read and interpret detailed drawings and specifications. Working knowledge of good dimensioning and tolerance principles. Good organizational skills and the ability to handle numerous priorities simultaneously. ETS-Lindgren offers: Competitive Wages Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Paid vacation and holidays 401K with company match Employee Stock Purchase Plan with company match Tuition Reimbursement ETS- Lindgren is an equal opportunity employer