Mode : Contract Corp-To-Corp, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, Contract Salary : Negotiable Role & Responsibilities: Design and implement Big Data analytic solutions on a Hadoop–based platform. Create custom analytic and data mining algorithms to help extract knowledge and meaning from vast stores of data. Refine a data processing pipeline focused on unstructured and semi-structured data refinement. Support quick turn and rapid implementations and larger scale and longer duration analytic capability implementations. Hadoop development and implementation. Loading from disparate data sets. Pre-processing using Hive and Pig. Designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting Hadoop. Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detailed design. Perform analysis of vast data stores and uncover insights. Maintain security and data privacy. Create scalable and high-performance web services for data tracking. High-speed querying. Managing and deploying HBase. Propose best practices/standards. Skills: Experience with Hadoop and the HDFS Ecosystem Strong Experience with Apache Spark, Storm, Kafka is must. Experience with Python, R, Pig, Hive, Kafka, Knox, Tomcat and Ambari Experience with MongoDb A minimum of 4 years working with HBase/Hive/MRV1/MRV2 is required Experience in integrating heterogeneous applications is required Experience working with Systems Operation Department in resolving variety of infrastructure issues Experience with Core Java, Scala, Python, R Experience on Relational Data Base Systems(SQL) and Hierarchical data management Experience with MapReduce Experience to ETL tools such as Sqoop and Pig Data-modeling and implementation Experience in working with market / streaming data and time-series analytics Experience on working with different caching strategies Experience on working with multiple solutions for data movements such as – file copy, pub-sub, ftp, etc Development of web-based and digital framework for content delivery Experience with batch processing Experience working with Hortonworks or Cloudera (preferred) Data Torrent / Apex and Pentaho is a plus Experience with Navigator is a plus Experience with REST API is a plus Experience with streaming processing is a plus Exposure to encryption tools (HP Voltage) is a plus Exposure to NoSQL store is a plus Qualifications: Strong Apache spark experience required. 2+ years working experience in USA, as this is with a federal client. Building the Infrastructure using Ambari (Extensive knowledge on how to configure the servers, automating all the steps of installation of HDP stack using Ansible, Puppet/Docker container services). Experience in capacity planning of the infrastructure (type of servers, memory, cpu requirements based on the type of the service needed on the server). Extensive experience with HDP 2.4/2.6 stack. Extensive experience needed on Apache Spark (infrastructure as well as the Programming and architecture). Experience on Apache Nifi. Experience in HDFS, MapReduce2, Yarn, Hive, Zookeeper, Ambari Metrics, Kafka, Log Search He/she needs to be hands-on Architect who can write code as well as provide the solutions in HDP scope. ElasticSearch and Visulization tools experience.