Job Description The Identity and Access Management (IAM) Team is responsible for securing employee access to our core applications in the most efficient, compliant and user-friendly manner, innovatively using the latest industry standards and tools. Our goal is to become the gold standard for IAM worldwide, and we are already on our way, recently winning Oracle’s annual Identity Management Innovation award. Visa's IAM eco-system includes an extensive, and highly customized, rich Identity Management platform implementation. The team has successfully implemented many of the core components. However, we have many features yet to be designed and integrated in order to achieve an acceptable level of coverage. With the additional features and the goal of extensive coverage comes a higher level of complexity, criticality, overall usage, and dependency on the environment. We are seeking an Associate Information Security Analyst to become a member of our Global team of IAM experts to assist in development, operations, and support of the IAM environment as well as interfacing with stakeholders at a highly technical level. The successful candidate will have a fundamental understanding of networking and security concepts as well as hands-on in-depth experience with a programming/scripting language. In addition, the candidate should possess the ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex issues, and the willingness to take on challenges. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in CS, Engineering, related field OR Master degree ( May 2017 grad or prior ) in engineering or computer science. 1+ year experience in system administration preferred Essential Skills Understanding of administration of Linux and/or Windows Programming/scripting skills with languages such as Java,SQL, Unix Shell, C, Python, PowerShell, or Perl Understanding of SSDLC and change control Key responsibilities and qualifications Perform maintenance and implementation of various enterprise Identity Management components related to Oracle IAM Suite and SailPoint Perform analysis of IAM related incidents, including Data analysis Documentation of the root cause Recommendations for remediation Write and optimize SQL queries and develop reports Assist with code deployments Work closely with Management, Development team, and the Quality Assurance team to communicate issues and proposed solutions Strong verbal and written communication skills; able to engage with peers, stakeholders, and customers to provide incident support Excellent organizational skills; able to work with a vast array of information and able to cope with rapidly changing information Work within a globally distributed team of IAM team members and customers; sometimes having to provide support outside of normal business hours and on weekends. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.