The Space Security business area is looking for a world class Systems-IT engineer to support and augment multiple Agile Development Teams and programs in system development, design, integration and deployment using industry standards and technologies. The candidate will serve as the ISP-ASP Coordinator and lead POC for applicable programs. The programs supported will model agile implementation approaches and incorporate state of the art commercial best practices such as DevOps (automated testing, continuous integration, automated deployment, etc), distributed CM, and use modern development tools. The selected candidate will participate in progressing system capabilities from early tool selection and infrastructure design through site acceptance with a focus on software reuse, COTS/FOSS integrations, and cloud technologies. As a member of this high-performing group the selected candidate must be passionate about their trade, focused on mission and system quality, and supportive of timely delivery of features and capabilities. The successful candidate must demonstrate effective communication skills. Desired Skills: Active Directory Microsoft Exchange Administration IP Networking Hardware Integration Linux Systems Administration Scripting Languages (PowerShell, Python, etc.) Windows Systems Administration VMWare Systems Administration DevOps BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 5 years of professional experience; or 3 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. Considered career, or journey, level. Relevant SW and Systems Engineering experience Cloud / Server / Infrastructure Virtualization System Infrastructure Development and Maintenance Environment Config and Engineering Systems Administration Networking and Hardware Knowledge Experience with IT systems test, deployment, and/or configuration Successful Completion of TS/SCI Background Investigation within past 5 years Ability to obtain clearances necessary for restricted access programs Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s team of 113,000 people works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in all 50 states and more than 570 facilities that span 70 countries. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.