POSITION SUMMARY Responsible for the economical manufacture of TWMC electric motor products to include cost estimating, design for manufacturability, process control, process improvements, and tooling design. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in design reviews to establish standard and custom product designs that optimize manufacturability. Review and approve Engineering layouts and drawings for optimum manufacturability, cost, tooling, make/buy decision, and product structure. Develop and communicate a "manufacturing plan" for new designs or processes to Factory Operations. Generate new or revised process specifications to support manufacturing. Identify, design and procure required tooling and fixtures, including the control of tooling expenditures within established limits. Support Factory Operations during the manufacturing process through technical guidance and resolution of any problems or errors. Develop facility layouts and process flow charts that reflect current operations and processes. Analyze work samples and create routings to develop standards for labor utilization. Evaluate methods for improving worker efficiency and reducing waste of materials and utilities such as restructuring of job duties, reorganizing work flow, relocating work stations and equipment, and purchase of equipment. Initiate and participate in departmental or company strategic programs. This includes cycle time, quality and cost improvement programs generated through continuous process improvement. Provide maintenance engineering for machine tools and process facilities. Design and specify lifting equipment for heavy product lifts, inspect lifting equipment, and specify lifting procedures. Assist the Materials Department with capacity evaluations, vendor evaluation and assistance, and make/buy decisions. Jointly participate with the Engineering/Drafting Department to resolve all engineering and design related problems as well as providing manufacturing inputs required for cost-effective designs. Aid the Quality Department in assisting with audits, field service, inspection and any quality issues associated with manufacturing. Generate cost estimates to support the Sales department. Counsel, guide and oversee Associate Manufacturing Engineers/Manufacturing Engineer Technicians' activities and assignments. SCOPE, PURPOSE, & FREQUENCY OF CONTACTS: Routinely interact with Engineering, Drafting, Factory Operations, Service, Quality, Materials and Sales departments at TWMC and TECO. Interface with vendors, customers, federal, state and local representatives when required. Occasional overnight and international travel will be required. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE B.S. degree, preferably in an Engineering or technical discipline. Minimum of 2 years in a manufacturing environment. Knowledge of continuous improvement programs. Computer Proficiency in Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Knowledge of design software, such as Catia, and MRP software, such as SAP, is desired LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations. Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.