Job Title Senior Business Intelligence Analyst Req ID DSA32074 Overview Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. (SSI) is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, Storage and LCD technologies. We are currently looking to hire a Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst. This position will work under the direction of Business process innovation manager to ensure we meet corporate, business unit, and department objectives and goals for the overall business process innovation. This position should have strong ability to identify issues & barriers to enhance business process innovation. Responsibilities Analyzes complex business problems and issues from internal and external data (10%) Supports ad hoc data set creation and data analysis (10%) Makes recommendation to improve processes, dataset, and reports (15%) Conducts data extraction, data conversion, data consolidation and business report automation by writing queries and scripts (60%) Supports end users to create reports and data set (5%) Minimum Qualifications Minimum 5 years of data analysis experience Ability to handle complex quantitative analysis in various form(excel, csv, SQL, SAP) Ability to perform excel macro, SQL query to get data Strong communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes Bachelor's Degree in MIS, CIS, Math, Computer Science or a related discipline Preferred Qualifications Proficiency in SQL query Data extraction, transform, loading experience with python script IND2016 Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. A day in the life Samsung Video: http://bit.ly/1saHOGu Click here to visit our Samsung Semiconductor Career Page