Samsung NEXT’s MissingLink product team is in search of a Developer Evangelist with a deep passion for Data Science and Deep learning. MissingLink.ai has built a platform that accelerates the development and research around AI. Our platform automates most of the day-to-day tasks that Engineers and Data Scientists have to take to develop incredible AI machines. We are looking for a Developer Evangelist to help our core team tell the story about our growing platform. The Evangelist will work with our product, marketing, design, and engineering teams to make MissingLink.ai a world-class experience. Responsibilities: As a developer evangelist, you will be serving in any number of different capacities: Creating technical content for publication on our blog and other channels to show developers how to implement specific Deep Learning practices and solutions. Organizing and volunteering at the local, national, and international developer and maker events. Speaking and sharing your expertise at user groups and conferences. Educating and empowering developers, giving technical workshops and brown bags. Writing production-quality code and contributing to both MissingLink.ai and non-MissingLink.ai open source tools, applications, examples, sales demos and other projects. Building partnerships with individuals, companies, and organizations that serve the same communities we do. Connecting and networking with other developers and entrepreneurs to identify how MissingLink.ai might help them be even more awesome. Gathering and socializing product feedback that will inform engineering, sales, and marketing decision making. Supporting our developers wherever they are, on forums, social media, and everywhere in between. Other skills that are great to bring with you but we can also help you develop include: Leadership and service in developer communities. Technical writing skills as demonstrated via blog posts and other written work. Willingness to take the stage is essential for inspiring developers. A developer evangelist needs to deliver presentations that are effective and respectful of an audience's time and attention. Requirements: Solid and diverse engineering skills \- If you were writing code full time, you would be a great performer. You have probably maintained a non-trivial project in production and understand the joys and risks involved. A knack for teaching technical concepts - Whether as an instructor, mentor, or peer, you’ve discovered that when it comes to teaching the keys to success are empathy, patience, and attention to detail Friendly and approachable \- We find these people do well as the teachers and teammates we are looking for Desired skills: Strong Data Science background - You should have experience building deep learning architectures for commercial products and a good understanding of the fundamentals and best practices of deep learning. Application notes: Please include a cover letter along with your resume, describing why you believe you would be a great fit for the team. Links to other websites and resources where we might learn more about you (GitHub, Kaggle, Personal Blog, YouTube, Twitter, Twitch, Deviant Art portfolio, etc.).