Overview For more than 40 years, East West Bank has served as a pathway to success. With over 130 locations across the U.S. and Greater China, we are the premier financial bridge between the East and West. Our teams of experienced, multi- cultural professionals help guide businesses and community members on both sides of the Pacific looking to explore new markets and create new opportunities. And our sustained growth and expertise in industries like real estate, entertainment and media, private equity and venture capital, high-tech and aviation help build sustainable businesses and expand our employees’ potential for career advancement. Headquartered in California, East West Bank (Nasdaq: EWBC) is a top performing commercial bank with an exclusive focus on the U.S. and Greater China markets. With assets of $37.7 billion, we’re ranked among the 30 largest banks in the United States and currently top 5 in “America’s 100 Best Banks” by Forbes, a list where we've consistently been in the top 15 since 2010. With a strong foundation, an enterprising spirit and a commitment to absolute integrity, East West Bank gives people the confidence to reach further. East West Bank is looking for a Full Stack Mobile Developer to contribute towards the success of our cloud solution initiative. This person will be responsible for managing and building multiple cloud service solutions supporting real time integrated technology platforms focused on customer acquisition, engagement, and retention. The right candidate will play a critical development role in expanding our banking products, customer-centric services, and customer engagement in the digital channel. The right candidate will have the following experience and responsibilities: Web and Mobile design, execution and delivery of exploratory concepts, rapid prototypes, pilot solutions and documentation Work collaboratively with the technical team to design optimal solutions for both web and mobile platforms Design, develop, code, test, and debug web and mobile based applications (Android and iOS) Packaging apps for deployment to App Stores; development of back-end components that serve as an integration/translation layer between mobile apps and Enterprise services Development of integrations and API’s using enterprise integration patterns and frameworks Growing in a culture of learning through design discussions and code reviews Analyze and optimize application code and/or APIs for efficiency and performance Mobile development experience in iOS or Android ecosystem such as: Android – J2EE/J2ME, Android SDK, SQLite/MySQL, Eclipse iOS - Objective-C, iOS SDK, Xcode, Swift Strong client side programming like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, React, Angular, Vue Experience with test driven development Strong oral, logical and analytical skills Have the ability to work under pressure with strict timelines Basic Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science or a related major, or equivalent experience Experience with mobile apps development using iOS and/or Android, mobile SDKs Experience in application management Experience with dynamic HTML, client-side scripting, web services and APIs Experience in managing high visibility projects The desire to improve and learn more Nice to have experience with Agile Development Applicants must demonstrate their ability to master new enterprise level technologies. Successful applicants will exemplify East West Bank ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, and accountability for decisions. Team members at East West Bank consistently demonstrate integrity and ethics, maturity and resilience; and inspire trust and confidence among their team. Our leaders are strong communicators who promote collaborative relationships, influence others, and value the diversity of backgrounds and ideas among their team.