Job Description EACN consists of operational network equipment known as A2G2s that provides/supports access to the DOD GIG for US Senior Leaders to access voice, video and data services while airborne. EACN consists of the following equipment: Cisco routers, Cisco switches, Cisco Unified Call Manager (UCM), Sonus VX appliances, High Assurance Internet Protocol Encryption (HAIPE) Inline Network Encryptor (INE), SkyX, Cisco WAAS data accelerators, McAfee firewalls, Juniper VPN appliance, Sourcefire network defense sensors, VMWare servers, CommVault, and Storage Area Network (SAN). EACN consists of the following network applications and software: AF Standard Desktop Configuration (SDC) v3.5 and higher, MS Active Directory 2012, MS Server 2012, MS SQL 2012, MS Office, MS Visio, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Solarwinds Orion, CommVault, Remedy Action Request System (ARS) service management, Sonus VX Watch, Sonus VX Builder, Sonus VX Gate, Putty, Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), Cisco Access Control Server (ACS), Cisco Unified Communications Manager (UCM), Cisco Unified Border Element (CUBE), Cisco VPN software and configuration, Cisco Unified Communications Services (UCS), KLAS Voyager Executive Communications Kit (ECK), Cisco 2901 Voice Telephone and System, Cisco 2901 IOS, Symantec/McAfee Antivirus, Host Based Security System (HBSS), Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS), WinSCP, and Wireshark. Responsible for the analysis, administration and support of the Executive Airlift Communications Network (EACN). Analyzes, administers and maintains voice, video, and/or data communications networks. Manages the usage and performance of EACN. Attend meetings, provide forecasts, gather trend analysis data on systems, and provide input for resource planning. Maintains EACN network security and ensures compliance with security policies and procedures. Manage the Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) program responsibilities for the EACN which include receiving and processing USAF-directed network orders to include Time Compliance Network Orders (TCNOs), Network Tasking Orders (NTOs), and Notices to All Airmen (NOTAM). Evaluates hardware and software, including peripheral, output, and related equipment. Participates in the development and implementation of EACN operating instructions, procedures and standards. Participates in and may lead aspects of major network installations and upgrades. Support the EACN hardware configuration and installation requirements once approved for site installation. Review work/installation progress for accuracy, adherence to network design, and conformance to telecommunications standards. Interfaces with vendors to ensure appropriate resolution during network outages or periods of reduced performance. Supports development and implementation of testing strategies and documents test results. Provides advice and training to end-users. Coordinate network requirements with users and sites. Troubleshoots and resolves complex problems related to EACN network devices, communication paths, cryptographic devices, servers and operating systems on a 24/7/365 basis. Maintains current knowledge of relevant hardware and software applications and development and maintenance of EACN technical data library as part of the EACN baseline. Participates in special projects as required. Position involves shift work on a rotating basis. Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience. Qualifications 2-5 years of directly related experience in network administration and support. Position requires a current DoD SECRET clearance and certification under DoD 8570.01 for IAT Level II (CompTIA Security+ CE at a minimum) Must have experience with with Cisco routers and switches. As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors.With approximately 32,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.