Amundsen Consulting - Associate Consultant Location: Cambridge, MA The Amundsen Consulting group within IQVIA is an exciting and dynamic consulting practice where you can start or continue your career in healthcare consulting. As a new hire you will be provided on-the-job training that will allow you to develop the analytic skills and business acumen necessary to be successful on client engagements. In addition, our mentor program pairs all new hires with an experienced colleague to help you navigate your first year at IQVIA. Our consulting practice is focused on commercial issues in the U.S. pharmaceutical industry, providing strategic analyses to senior leaders at top U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturers. Our clients rely on our knowledge, experience, and aptitude for problem-solving to optimize strategies across their organizations. Our ability to leverage and manipulate big data, coupled with our in-depth understanding of a constantly evolving U.S. healthcare system, puts us in a unique position to deliver high-quality insights that address a variety of client needs. IQVIA possesses the largest and most comprehensive set of healthcare data assets in the world. From our position atop this wealth of information, we seek to deliver unparalleled insights and analysis to our clients. We are seeking the best, brightest, and most analytically motivated individuals to join our team and consult in a team-oriented atmosphere. The Role of an Associate Consultant: The Amundsen Consulting group recruits Associates with relevant work experience in consulting, data analytics, or the life sciences industry and degrees from some of the world’s top undergraduate institutions. Associates typically begin under the guidance of more senior team members, but are quickly expected to contribute to all aspects of client engagements. In their first two years with the practice, Associates are expected to assume an active managerial role running parts of projects and mentoring more junior colleagues. The analytic rigor and creativity of our Associates’ work is critical to the success of our engagement teams and our practice as a whole. As an Associate Consultant you’ll be responsible for: Performing strategic analyses on Big Data to derive trends, conclusions, and actionable recommendations for clients Driving internal brainstorming sessions and collaborating with engagement team members throughout client engagements Evaluating secondary data on markets, physicians, patients, and competitive products Developing and working with sophisticated predictive models Creating reports, presentations and other client deliverables Presenting to client audiences via teleconference and in face-to-face meetings Building professional relationships with members of the client team Proactively developing knowledge of the healthcare industry and consulting methodologies Assisting with recruiting new team members and participate in the interview process An ideal candidate will have: 1-2 years of work experience in consulting, data analytics, or other relevant areas within the life sciences industry A strong academic record (GPA 3.5/4), excellent problem-solving abilities, exceptional communication skills, strong quantitative skills, and be a proven team contributor Bachelors or Masters Degree, preferable in the following areas (but not limited to) Biology, biochemistry, economics, finance, healthcare management and policy, history, molecular biology and genetics, neuroscience, public health and international relations An interest in and desire to learn about the constantly evolving healthcare industry Good project management, time management and organizational skills Excellent conversational and business English (written and oral) Exceptional IT literacy e.g. Word, PowerPoint, Excel (SQL is a plus) A willingness or ability to travel as needed (10% on average) Total Rewards: We invest in people through a range of initiatives in compensation, benefits, and learning and development, and we strive to create an environment where our employees are challenged, empowered and can flourish. IQVIA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We cultivate a diverse corporate culture across the 100+ countries where we operate, celebrating and rewarding teamwork and inclusiveness. By embracing our differences, we create innovative solutions that are good for IQVIA, our clients, and the advancement of healthcare everywhere.