The Infrastructure Architect designs, develops and executes on a long-range technology architectural roadmap for the WAFD infrastructure (including Data Center technology, cloud solutions, wired and wireless network, etc.) based on established business needs and the enterprise technology strategy. The Infrastructure Architect plays an integral role in defining the strategy, architecture and practices for the WAFD technology infrastructure, leading the effort and partnering with stakeholders across the organization. The role designs and delivers innovative architectural solutions for WAFD, establishing and maintaining domain standards and solutions which align to the WAFD's strategic goals. The Infrastructure Architect will also drive analysis of new and emerging technologies, partnering with senior leaders to investigate strategic opportunities. Bachelor's degree in Information Security, Computer Science or related field required. Advanced degree preferred. Minimum of 5 years of experience designing and implementing solutions in the specific domain required, including experience managing delivery for multiple simultaneous complex technology solutions. Knowledge of modern technology service architectural hosting, security, and risk management concerns such as IAM, access control, monitoring, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS, and containers required. Knowledge of the Microsoft infrastructure and solution stacks operating in on-premises, cloud, and hybrid hosting environments required. Ability to communicate very technically challenging concepts to a broad audience required. Excellent organizational, problem-solving, and negotiation skills required. Strong facilitation and presentation skills required. Proficient verbal and written skills required to effectively communicate and provide customer service. Be available on an on-call basis to respond to pending issues or problems arising during non-business hours and provide support and response. Occasional travel required. Full time hours required, with additional hours as necessary. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled