For more than a century, Northern Trust has worked hard building our legacy of outstanding service, expertise and integrity. From a Chicago-based bank founded in 1889, we now have more than 20 international locations and 16,500 employees globally. We serve the world’s most-sophisticated clients – from sovereign wealth funds and the wealthiest individuals and families, to the most-successful hedge funds and corporate brands. We burnished our reputation as a global leader delivering innovative investment management, asset and fund administration, fiduciary and banking solutions enabled by sophisticated, leading technology. And through it all, we continually laid a solid, forward-looking foundation on which future generations can continue growing and achieving greater. As of June 30, 2018, Northern Trust Corporation had: $135 billion in banking assets $8.1 trillion in assets under custody $10.7 trillion in assets under custody/administration $1.1 trillion in assets under management Under general supervision (but works independently most of the time) focuses on resolution of complex transactions, where expertise is required to interpret policies, guidelines and/or processes. Full ownership for one or more processes, reports and/or procedures. Analytically and procedurally competent, representing the team on cross-function process or project deliverables. Emerging as an expert in a specific skill set but remains focused primarily on daily execution. May manage daily operational activities and supervise day-to-day work of junior level employees (but not a formal management role). May be in final stages of studying for relevant professional qualification or accreditation. May manage daily operational activities and supervise day-to-day work of junior level employees (but not a formal management role). Provides input into performance management and career development processes, and staffing and disciplinary actions 1.Focuses on resolution of complex transactions, where expertise is required to interpret policies, guidelines and/or processes 2.Serves as the main reporting contact for the client; full ownership for one or more processes, reports and/or procedures 3.Analytically and procedurally competent, representing the team on cross- function process or project deliverables; emerging as an expert in a specific skill set but remains focused primarily on daily execution 4.Carries out complex activities with significant financial, client, and/or internal business impact 5.May have direct interaction with committees and/or Senior Management 6.Able to serve as a key subject matter expert and mentor to other more junior level employees 7.May manage daily operational activities and supervise day-to-day work of junior level employees (but not a formal management role) A College or University degree and/or some relevant work experience is preferred May be in final stages of studying for relevant professional qualification or accreditation Excellent oral and written communication skills are required Analytical and problem solving skills are required Ability to facilitate discussions and reach decisions Technically sound in area of expertise with broader knowledge of other business areas The strongest applicants will: Ø Have a knowledge and understanding of the full lifecycle of an equity trade. Ø Have experience with global market settlements and an understanding of the relationship between a Custodian and a Sub-Custodian. Ø Have intermediate level accounting experience to reconcile out of balance situations between banking systems and client accounts.