Adobe is seeking a DevOps focused Cloud Services Software Developer to join our photography cloud platform services team. Are you interested in joining a highly agile team developing state-of-the-art cloud software? Do you believe you can raise the bar in consumer scale creative services? Would you like to improve the ecosystem of Adobe's highly rated Photoshop and Lightroom family of cloud connected applications? You will join a team dedicated to the development and operation of cloud software to manage and analyze photos and enable magical photo experiences. You will be developing systems used to deploy, monitor, scale, and test services on public clouds. You will also work to implement security controls and manage public cloud network infrastructure. Strong programming and communication skills are required. Responsibilities: Design, develop and test CI and CD tooling for photography cloud platform Develop automation tools for cloud infrastructure management Design and develop system for metrics collection, monitoring and alerting Write code to perform log analysis, detect anomalies and alert. Design and implement improvements to database system and optimize data schemas Design and execute testing strategies for high availability and resiliency of a cloud platform Design and implement deployment topologies for performance and cost optimization. Design and implement controls, monitoring and alerting system for platform security. Document development, deployment, operations and change control procedures Requirements: 2-5 years software development and programming experience Hands-on DevOps experience with AWS, Docker, ECS, Chef, CI & CD processes and tools Experience with Linux infrastructures and network topologies. Strong scripting skills; shell scripting, Perl, Python, JavaScript, Ruby Experience with monitoring and alerting tools such as NewRelic,DataDog and PagerDuty Excellent services and infrastructure debugging skills with deep log analysis Experience with vulnerability scanning tools, such as Nessus, Qualys, Nexpose Database design experience with noSQL Databases (MongoDB, Cassandra, DynamoDB) Strong communication skills and experience documenting development process Practice with product development and release methodologies such as Agile, Lean, Scrum At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.