We believe that the future of business documents is knowing how they’ll perform before they’re published. Are you ready build the platform to power this revolution? The Textio platform combines machine learning and natural language processing to serve insights gathered from hundreds of millions of documents to customers in real time. Already used by thousands of companies worldwide, we’re looking for creative full stack software engineers to join our team to help build products across our stack. You will partner closely with our frontend and service engineers, data engineers, our ML and NLP stack, and the product team to define and build the next version of our core platform. Textio is a great place to build, learn, and experiment. Some of the technologies you will have a chance to work with include AWS, Docker, Python, JavaScript and React. Come join us! We’d love to hear from you if: You love building across the stack: frontend, services, data or infrastructure. What gets you most excited is learning, creating something end-to-end and solving whatever problem needs to be solved You are flexible and able to work with teammates across the company to drive complex features from start to finish You take pride in the things you build from visual polish of the user experience to reliability of backend services You’re excited to mentor other teammates and teach them what you’ve learned about building and shipping products You thrive in an environment that believes that prototypes speak louder than specs You have a track record of trying and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego We want awesome and dependable engineers to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!