PROJECT COORDINATOR – ARCHITECT OR ENGINEER Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position d escription Candidates for this position are generally recent graduates or architects (or engineers)-in-training who are seeking practical, hands-on experience in architecture, project management and/or construction. Working under the guidance of professional architects, project coordinators will: Assist in the review and evaluation of existing buildings and new construction. Perform field observations for project condition assessment surveys, construction loan monitoring and new construction. Perform plan reviews for general code compliance and adequacy of construction, including coordination, detailing, and building materials and systems. Prepare cost evaluations of new and existing construction. Perform existing building replacement cost evaluations. Assist in architectural/engineering repair documents for existing buildings. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s or master’s degree in architecture, or background in construction or related fields. Minimum 2-3 years of experience at an architecture or construction company. For architectural candidates—in progress on AXP requirements and/or taking ARE exams. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box; knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator and Sketchup a plus, but not required. General understanding of building materials and methods. General understanding of state and federal codes as it applies to construction and design. Strong organizational skills. Ability to manage and delegate a multitude of tasks, assignments and changing priorities efficiently. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Compensation will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. The ability to travel out of town is a requirement for the position. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US