Job Summary: The Business Analyst ensures efforts are in alignment with the Information Technology department to support customer-focused objectives and the IT Vision, a collaborative partner delivering innovative ideas, solutions and services to simplify people's lives. The Business Analyst role is to elicit, analyze, specify, and validate the business needs for various Navitus projects. This includes interviewing stakeholders/sponsors, gathering and compiling requirements to convey to development teams throughout the software lifecycle. This Business Analyst will also have communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills to help support the development process and to ensure that project deliverables are met according to specifications. The Business Analyst will constantly assess user requirements to communicate to development teams throughout the software lifecycle, plan and schedule projects for roll- out consistent with strategic vision and goals and evaluate project effectiveness on a retrospective, concurrent, and prospective basis. Job Responsibilities: Ensure efforts delight the customer. Provide superior customer service utilizing a high-touch, customer centric approach focused on collaboration and communication. Contribute to a positive team atmosphere. Innovate and create value for the customer. Collaborate with project managers and project sponsors to determine enhancement scope and vision. Define and document requirements along with ensuring proper sign-offs are received from business sponsor. Translate conceptual user requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developers and the project team. Where necessary, create process flow models, specifications, diagrams, and charts. Analyze and verify requirements for completeness, consistency, comprehensibility, feasibility, and conformity to standards. Create and execute test plans to ensure system enhancement meets the requirements. Manage and track the status of requirements throughout the project lifecycle; enforce and redefine as necessary by communicating enhancements and/or modifications verbally or through written documentation. Manage issue/defect requests and resolution for assigned projects. Communicate to the Training and Development Instructor to ensure that enhancements are reflected in the internal and external training materials. Research, review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing requirements -- gathering processes and develop strategies for enhancing or further leveraging these processes. Perform other duties as assigned. Education: College degree or equivalent experience required in the field of Business Administration or Information Systems and/or a minimum of 1 year of professional experience. Experience: Experience with business and technical requirements analysis, elicitation, modeling, verification, and methodology development. Experience with development and implementation of software solutions, systems, or products. Ability to create systematic and consistent requirements specifications in both technical and user-friendly language. Experience with core software applications, including Microsoft Word and Excel required; Microsoft PowerPoint and Visio preferred Healthcare industry practices and HIPAA knowledge would be a plus. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Key Skills/Competencies: Able to communicate effectively with non-technical staff and with members of interdisciplinary teams. Able to exercise independent judgment and take action on it. Analytical and creative problem-solving skills. Excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Ability to create systematic and consistent requirements specifications in both technical and user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed. Logical and efficient approach to project work, with keen attention to detail. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure, fast paced environment. Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Ability to learn software systems quickly. Strong customer service orientation. On-call availability. Some travel may be required. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled