Partners, collaborates and consults with all levels of the organization to enable individuals, teams, departments and hospital sites to ensure achievement of business goals & enhanced organizational effectiveness. Diagnoses and assesses issues by collecting data (qualitative & quantitative) to objectively identify issues. Consults/partners with site HR directors, presidents and management to develop and recommend action plans/strategies and follow up for dealing with issues related to change transformation and performance development. Plans & executes all activities (coach, facilitates dialogues, teaches, etc.) related to leadership development. Facilitates performance improvement by using proven tools and techniques (Workout, CAP, etc.) focused on improving systems and processes. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Consults/partners with site Leadership team and key stakeholder/physicians to identify issues, creatively problem solves, recommend action and follow up as indicated. Diagnoses and assesses individual, group, department, site or organizational issues by collecting data through various OD methods (qualitative & quantitative). Develops and facilitates creative values-based OD interventions (team-building, group facilitation, improvement efforts, change management, department re-structuring, performance development, etc.) as indicated by the needs of the group, department, site or organization. Partners with HR directors and staff to provide a collaborative values-based, customer focused approach for providing supportive HR systems to meet the needs of the group, department, site or organization. Using research based OD tools/instruments, provides support, training and education to various levels within the organization as indicated. Uses behavioral science knowledge and practices, and considers change from a system wide approach for improved organizational effectiveness. Partners with leadership in designing, developing and implementing strategies around engagement to support increased productivity and alignment with the organizations strategic objectives. Supports key HR systems including, but not limited to, Performance Management, Succession Planning, Talent Review, to drive improved performance and development. Researches, recommends and implements OE strategic initiatives for improving the organization’s overall effectiveness (i.e., work environment surveys, customer service, values and diversity initiatives, leader development, organizational design and succession planning). Coaches, mentors and provides appropriate feedback on performance management issues. Implements and facilitates 360o feedback for continued development of leader skills. Applies change methodology and interventions to embed effective change management throughout the organization. Design, coordinate and deliver management development courses as they relate to the organization’s objectives and strategies (i.e., CQI, Customer Service, Performance Management, etc.). Develops and conducts on-going measures to determine OE intervention effectiveness. Leads and facilitates interdisciplinary teams for OE program development or process improvement. EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: MBA, MA, MS in Organizational Development, Human Resources or related field required. Minimum of 5-7 years of experience in Organization Development/Change Management, and/or Training and Development required. Demonstrated success in orchestrating organizational development and change with a corporate or business organizational development capability. Experience with large or complex organizations with geographically disbursed team members and clients. Experience leading enterprise-wide strategic initiatives. Prefer Six Sigma/Performance Improvement facilitation skills. Prefer 2-5 years in a healthcare environment. Coaching Certification preferred. JOB KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: Applied knowledge of OD theories, methods and processes including quality improvement, change management, organizational behavior, performance management and leader development Strong Inter-intrapersonal, communication (oral, written and listening) and presentation skills People insight Business Acumen Adaptability Strategic “big picture” thinker Coaching, consultation and facilitation skills Relationship building/negotiation skills Customer Values-Focused Creative “out of the box” thinker Critical Thinking/analytical skills Minimum Starting Salary $79,435 This rate is the minimum pay for the position. Actual compensation will be based on education, years of experience, and other factors at the time of offer. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.