What you’ll be doing... Join our Information Security Team where you will be responsible for Cyber Data Analytics for fraud and attack detection / mitigation for Verizon. Performing Splunk administrative duties to include; user access, dashboards, developing complex queries across multiple indexes, parsing external data into Splunk, ensuring scheduled data feeds are successfully imported, jobs run successfully, reports are generated, reports are successfully delivered and automating manual processes. Researching attack patterns, threat reports, profiling attackers and their Tactics, Techniques and Procedures (TTPs) and risk / threat analyses. Working with other internal security teams to identify and resolve security issues. Demonstrating in-depth understanding of cyber analytics development and practical cyber operations. Analyzing fraud scenarios. Reviewing click stream data to look for malicious patterns that may represent fraud. Writing fraud use cases based on analysis and writing detailed alerts to identify fraud signatures. Using Force Directed Graphs to identify relationship between events to show malicious traffic hitting accessing and comprising customer accounts. Fine tuning rules / policies to reduce false positive alerts. What we’re looking for... You’ll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Experience as a Splunk Administrator. Experience with Machine learning methods. Experience developing analytic queries using Splunk or Elk. Experience installing, configuring, and administering Splunk. Experience working with Splunk / Elk / or other open source analytical engines. Experience with Data Science Tools: Elasticsearch, Tableau, Kibana, Kafka. Even better if you have: Master’s degree in Science in: Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Business Intelligence, Statistics or CyberSecurity. CISSP, CISM or other Security Certification. Experience normalizing and parsing large data sets. Experience with open source tools to perform regression analysis. Ability to independently perform statistical analysis and inference, data modeling, clustering and predictive analysis. Ability to translate cyber and application security issues into analytical models. Capability to effectively multitask. Knowledge of security appliances and professional / open source tools that support threat hunting. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Knowledge of security appliances and professional / open source tools that support threat hunting, including understanding the analysis of competing hypotheses. 22CyberRISK When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.