The USC School of Architecture is seeking an Information Technology Director who will provide support, assistance and advice in the use of computer hardware, software and networks to faculty, students and staff. It is an exciting time to join the school as we enter our 2nd year under new leadership with Dean Milton S.F. Curry, revitalize our school branding, initiate new strategic initiatives, and enhance our academic programs. Specific Job Accountabilities: Performs analytical, technical and administrative work to plan, design and install networked and stand-alone computer systems for computer user rooms, computer classrooms, offices, etc. Provides replacement recommendations and budget estimates as requested. May assist with assigned area's technology asset management. Analyzes user needs and evaluates new products; recommends hardware and software purchases. Collaborates with other units to improve access to and maximize use of computing resources. Installs and troubleshoots software and hardware. Performs backup and system restore procedures as assigned. Provides technical support, assistance and consultation to students, faculty, staff and/or lower level consultants on assigned areas. Answers questions on-site or via telephone. Manages user accounts, provides permissions/email account sharing, and creates/deletes shared server folders. Resolves, escalates or refers technical problems as appropriate. Develops documentation, user procedures and security procedures. Contributes to the establishment and maintenance of software and documentation libraries. Conducts hands-on training sessions and instructional classes in hardware and software applications for students, faculty and staff. Stays informed of new developments and technologies by reading journals and other pertinent publications, maintaining contact with vendors, and participating in professional organizations, meetings and seminars. Proficient in both a Windows and Mac environment. Software requirements include but are not limited to Microsoft, Adobe, AutoCAD, Adobe, FileMaker, Photoshop, 3D Studio, VRay, Rhino, Environmental Systems Research (ESRI) – Geographic Information Systems (GIS), and Autodesk. Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time. Preferred Experience: 3 years; experience in install and maintaining servers and networks. Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree; combined experience/education as substitute of minimum education. Minimum Experience: 2 years Minimum Field of Expertise: Knowledge of computing environments. Experience with networks, workstations, wireless communication, security software and procedures. Working knowledge of associated hardware, software, operating systems, and peripherals.