Eaton Electrical North American Sales (NAS) Datacenter Vertical has an opening for a Territory Development Manager in either Austin, TX Grapevine, TX or San Antonio, TX. The North American Sales organization has an opening for a Territory Development Manager within the Datacenter Vertical team. This role is responsible for developing new business in the territory. The Territory Development Manager will assess opportunities to grow revenue, strengthen market penetration and acquire new business by leveraging Eaton’s partners and engaging end users directly. This person is responsible for driving incremental market quota above and beyond our existing performance at key verticals throughout the territory. A Territory Development Manager must possess both strong technical and commercial skills and be experienced in information technology, electrical power distribution, power quality, and technical environments. Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It’s where bold, bright professionals like you. You will drive the process to ensure detailed strategic and marketing plans are in place for these targeted customers incorporating field sales management as well as operations position. You will drive the Eaton specification by educating customers on Eaton solutions for the datacenter, building and maintaining customer relationships and expanding into new and untapped end user segments You will provide support on major projects including submittals drawings and interfacing with the consultant and owner. You will work with commercial and public sector end users to gain acceptance and promote Eaton products. You will develop and implement sales strategy to sell Eaton datacenter solutions to targeted customers with the objective of optimizing sales volume, product mix, and profit margin You will provide technical assistance to customers, distributors, resellers and end users as needed You will plan promotional activities and presentations with key clients and end users to elevate products and solutions over competitors When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we — as individuals and as a company — are stronger. Qualifications Requires (Basic) Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution Minimum five (5) years’ experience in electrical sales and/or seven (7) years of electrical industry experience Possess and maintain a valid and unrestricted driver’s license Legally authorized to work in the US without company sponsorship No relocation benefit is being offered for this position. Only candidates residing within 50 miles of Austin, TX, Grapevine, TX or San Antonio, TX will be considered. Preferred Qualifications: Masters Business Administration from an accredited educational institution Experience with channel and/or OEM sales 5+ years’ experience in the IT or Data Center industry We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters. Job: Sales Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico Organization: NAS North American Sales Job Level: Individual Contributor Schedule: Full-time Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: Yes Does this position offer relocation?: No Travel: Yes, 50 % of the Time