Provide clerical support including high volume typing, filing, telecommunications, scheduling and other related office functions for assigned Human Resources Department Management Staff. Prepare, revise, maintain and distribute job descriptions/performance appraisals as necessary. Update associated job description binder indexes as necessary. Distribute forms and reminders for all orientation (3-month) evaluations; follow-up as necessary. Prepare, revise and maintain Human Resource department issued Policies and procedures, as necessary. Maintain applicant data manuals; enter applicant data in database and run reports per schedule. Prepare composite monthly, quarterly, and annual personnel statistics reports ensuring accuracy of data reported. Create, revise, maintain and distribute departmental forms as necessary. Maintain and update associated forms list. Attend assigned meetings and prepare minutes for distribution. Order and maintain department supplies and Human Resource related forms. Monitor expenditures in accordance with department budget ensuring cost effectiveness of purchases. Assist with data collection, reporting and/or coordination of special projects. Schedule interviews between prospective applicants and Human Resource Managers and program supervisory staff. Prepare confidential department correspondence and maintain and update all Department subscriptions and publications. Assist Human Resources Managers in making telephone reference checks on potential job candidates, as needed. Maintain general Human Resource Department files. Job Qualifications: High School diploma or GED equivalent and at least 3 years office experience (either administrative or secretarial); or any combination of experience, education or training that would provide the level of knowledge, skill and ability required. Ability to work independently on multiple tasks with varying priorities. Must be able to meet strict deadlines. Accurate data-entry skills. Proficiency in Micro Soft software required. Knowledge of data base systems preferred. Prior employee benefits/human resources experience preferred. Typing 60 wpm. Proven problem solving ability. Good oral and written communication skills. Detail oriented. Self-starter with excellent organizational and anticipatory skills with good follow-up.