Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a Music Business Development Data Analyst who is passionate about the changing music ecosystem, technology and supporting our goal of connecting people through social media, the mobile eco-system and business strategy. This role will focus on Facebook’s strategy and partnerships with music labels and publishers, as well as collaborate with our Product and Media Partnerships team to evaluate industry trends and on- platform music use. The position is full-time and based in our office in Menlo Park. RESPONSIBILITIES Lead on Music Industry & Market Analysis, working closely with internal stakeholders to identify trends on & off platform and develop case studies focused on partner & catalog performance Report on the use and adoption of FB Inc. products that leverage music and/or impact our music partners Build financial models in support of the Music Business Development team's partnerships with rights holders and other third parties Work closely with stakeholders across multiple platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, IGTV, Messenger, Oculus and more MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years of experience working as a data analyst at a music label, record company, or other music industry organization 3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases (Hive, Presto, Redshift, MySQL, etc.) 2+ years of experience working in finance, strategy, or corporate development 1+ years of experience working in a technology and/or data science focused environment PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Extensive knowledge of the music industry, digital business models, 2 sided markets, and software development Exceptional communication skills and an ability to develop strong working relationships across technical and non-technical teams across multiple organizations Creative, resourceful, detail-oriented, highly organized Ability to meet multiple objectives in an entrepreneurial environment