Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook's data center footprint is constantly growing to adapt to the vast amount of new services we provide to people. This results in a dramatic scaling challenge that our engineers have to deal with on a daily basis. Not only we need to build and evolve the physical infrastructure that connects myriads of servers together, but also ensure that the network is running smoothly and meets strict performance goals. And with the introduction of our own switching software (FBOSS) and our networking products (Wedge and Six- pack) we have entered into a new era of unprecedented opportunities to re- think traditional networking and iterate quickly in an area that was previously very closed to innovation. Facebook's data center network engineering team is actively looking for people with passion to solve difficult problems and innovate at fast pace. Data center networking at Facebook is multi-faceted discipline and covers all layers, starting from physical (fiber and optics), actively using distributed routing protocols such as BGP and topping with our own software stack running on our network devices. Reach out to us if you are eager to innovate and contribute to our mission. RESPONSIBILITIES Design, engineer and implement large-scale data center networks across multiple geographic locations. Research, develop & deploy numerous technologies and network topologies in order to evolve and scale our data centers. Work closely with other Facebook teams and external vendors to develop new features and influence the future of networking. Partner with our software teams to develop and implement the tooling required to provision, manage, monitor and troubleshoot our networks. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years of experience in TCP, IP[v4|v6], and related protocols 3+ years of experience with BGP 3+ years of scripting experience with Python, Perl or other languages Experience working in a multi-vendor network environment Knowledge of network hardware platforms and their specifications in the data center space Experience troubleshooting TCP performance issues in data center and global networks (knowledge of tcpdump/Wireshark and similar tools)