Job Description As a Junior Data Scientist at IBM, you will work as part of a team to solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. You will apply the scientific method to business scenarios, clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling, work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that better explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios, translate data insights into business value, and communicate results to difference audiences. You will also master different technologies for model deployment. Throughout your apprenticeship, you’ll work closely with other experienced data scientists and mentors in an interactive, collaborative environment. You’ll learn the fundamentals of probability, statistics, linear algebra, data preparation, data modeling, and deployment of machine learning models. In addition, you will be introduced to additional concepts, skills and tools including Python, Hadoop, and Spark, presentation skills, communication skills, and you will apply these skills to prepare for and successfully obtain data science experience that may lead to certification as a Junior Data Scientist. IBM Certification as a Junior Data Scientist provides the credentials and career milestone that is earned through demonstrated usage of Data Science tools and methodology through case studies, business references and technical references. Our apprenticeship program will give you the opportunity to build your skills to grow your career as a Junior Data Scientist. What is an Apprenticeship? IBM Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL). Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL. During the apprenticeship duration, you will be required to complete specific learning hours and on the job training that has been outlined to ensure you are developing the skills and competencies essential to the role. You will be able to learn and grow at your own pace, but we expect most apprentices will complete their learning within 24 months. Once you graduate and receive your certificate from our apprentice program, you will be eligible to apply to available full-time roles at IBM. Who you are An apprenticeship is about learning. We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to helping you learn and grow. If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for. Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and mathematically driven. To be successful, you need: Drive and eagerness to learn Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport Ability to think analytically in solving problems What’s the experience? As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the job done just like any other IBMer. ncappx TRAVEL OF 25% IS REQUIRED Required Technical and Professional Expertise Requirements: Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program High School Diploma or GED Curiosity, Passion for learning, Love for math, data, and analysis Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, PHP, C, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F, Clojure) Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Preferred: An undergraduate degree is not required, but students who have taken high school advanced math, and statistics classes are preferred Python Programming knowledge EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.