Clerk IV, Works under the general supervision of the Regional Manager with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Serves as the Administrative Assistant to the Assistant Director and support for the departmental inventory control system. Performs moderately complex administrative support and has clerical duties associated with inventory control. Work includes: disseminating information on rules, guidelines and policies in response to correspondence and inquiries received by phone, fax, mail and email; data entry; processing complex orders; utilizing an automated inventory control and purchasing system; developing, coordinating, and maintaining manual and electronic filing systems; providing customer assistance by answering complex phone calls, routing incoming calls, and assisting visitors; performing internal administrative support work. May inspect merchandise for quality and compliance with specifications, may issue warehouse stock, and may train others. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Performs complex technical assistance work for Supply Services. Prepares, interprets, and disseminates information concerning Supply Services programs and procedures. (15%) Assist in compiling and analyzing data, making calculations, and in preparing reports. Prepares, edits, and distributes correspondence, reports, studies, forms, and documents. (10%) Responds to inquiries regarding technical program or administrative regulations, policies, and procedures. (10%) May assist in orienting and training employees in the use of the Materials Inventory Management System. (10%) Performs physical inventory including the reconciliation/investigation of shortages/overages. (10%) Coordinates meetings, conferences, travel arrangements and seminars (10%) May receive, store, deliver supplies, issue stock items, inspect merchandise for quality and compliance with specifications and assist with duties in the warehouse as warehouse workload dictates. (5%) Develops administrative and technical policies and procedures. (5%) Develops, coordinates, and maintains record keeping and filing systems. (5%) May develop training materials. (5%) May train others. (5%) May supervise the work of others. (5%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of business or program terminology, office procedures, administrative procedures, spelling, punctuation, grammar, and arithmetic; Knowledge of warehousing procedures; of records administration and file maintenance techniques and procedures. Skill in using personal computer and office equipment. Ability to use a handheld device for the purpose of managing warehouse stock and receiving goods. Skill in the use of computer software including word processing, electronic spreadsheets, inventory control and purchasing systems. Ability to prepare and maintain records, files, and reports; and to transfer stock from one location to another. Ability to meet deadlines and handle multiple, complex task with minimal supervision. Ability to communicate effectively within the HHSC department and with the public both verbally and in writing. Ability to work in harmony with supervisors, peers and subordinates. Ability to work discretely and maintain confidentiality when dealing with sensitive issues. Ability to work cooperatively with others and deal with stressful situations in a diplomatic and tactful manner. Knowledge of records management and retention policies and procedures. Skills in coordinating trainings, meetings, travel arrangements and conference calls. Responds to customer inquiries and interprets rules, regulations, policies and procedures. Consults with customers to determine needs and resolves complex problems or customer concerns. Receives and responds to complex phone calls and email inquiries regarding agency procedures in a positive and professional manner. Skill in transcribing information rapidly and accurately from paperwork to the computer. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Valid Class C Driver’s License (Texas Driver’s License preferred) to be checked yearly for any violations or suspensions. Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited high school or GED. Two (2) years of work experience using integrated personal computer applications in a business setting including use of Microsoft Office Suite, Word, Excel & Power Point. Six (6) month's experience using and training others in the use of a warehouse inventory control system, automated purchasing system and other office equipment. One (1) year work experience compiling and analyzing data, making calculations, and in preparing reports. One (1) year work experience coordinating meetings, conferences, travel arrangements and seminars. Additional Information: MOS Code: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.