_Your Talent. Our Vision._ At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. This position is preferred being located in Chicago, IL or Atlanta, GA. Lead the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to solve business problems and optimize member experiences. Serve as the `methodology-expert¿ on the team and provide guidelines to team for applying appropriate algorithms or solutions to tackle different problems. Coach junior team members on various data science techniques. Keep abreast of the latest enhancements and innovations within the areas of data science and big data processing. Primary duties may include are but not limited to: Champion the design & execution of machine learning projects to address specific business problems determined by consultation with business partners. Provide guidance to the team on working with data-sets of varying degrees of size and complexity including both structured and unstructured data. Piping and processing massive data-streams in distributed computing environments such as Hadoop to facilitate analysis. Implements batch and real-time model scoring to drive actions. Develops proprietary machine learning algorithms to build customized solutions that go beyond standard industry tools and lead to innovative solutions. Develop sophisticated visualization of analysis output for business users. Publish results and address constraints/limitations with business partners. Provides high-level controllership/evaluation of all output produced to ensure established targets are met. Determines the continuous improvement opportunities of current predictive modeling algorithms. Proactively collaborates with business partners to determine identified population segments and develop actionable plans to enable the identification of patterns related to quality, use, cost and other variables.