The Business Intelligence Manager has responsibility on an account/platform for data, reporting and analytics processes that touch all aspects of service delivery to be consistent with corporate standards. The role is critical to the success of the client relationship as a consultant to driving performance management, process improvement and innovation thru fact-based decision making. Growing analytics capability is an essential deliverable, and direct management of analyst deliverables is expected. This position provides an opportunity to work in a broad range of areas related to a real estate portfolio, including: facility management and building operations, energy management, leasing, project management, and real estate portfolio planning. Translate client business objectives into an information management and business intelligence strategy, which is integrated and consistent at the account management level. Deep understanding of contract key performance indicator and reporting requirements and client expectations. Promote and enable the import and export of best practices to and from the account, and link the account to emerging practices in the industry and the BI/data fields. Devise and promote creative data visualization to derive actionable intelligence. Financial modeling, analysis and compilation of quantitative data. Forecast/trending of performance data. Process mapping and efficiency analysis. Provide guidance to analysts and lead problem solving teams to develop recommendations based on data interpretation and analysis to transform behaviors and techniques. Develop automated tools and dashboards with IT team to provide real-time insights to business data Promote success powerfully, such that our client recognizes the value of your work. Use of advanced statistical concepts to determine significant sources of variability. Designing data integration from multiple systems into manageable data warehouses into analytic data models. Provide subject matter expertise for all data related processes and analyse. Communication - Excellent presentation skills (verbal and written), Strong understanding of analytic/statistical concepts with the ability to explain them to others Process Improvement - Committed to continuous improvement through empowerment and management by data; is willing to re-engineer processes from scratch. Client Management - Understanding client needs and setting and managing appropriate client expectations within system, project, or contract constraints all while providing exceptional and enhanced customer service. Team-building -Key stakeholder and collaborators are geographically dispersed. Getting results from ad hoc groups of disparate people is critical. Flexibility - We need to understand regional/cultural/contextual differences and allow for local expression without compromising global coherence. Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Finance, Information Technology or related field required. MBA or Masters degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics or related field preferred. Experience with process improvement. Six Sigma Black belt a plus. 4-6 years High level skill with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PPT) required. SharePoint experience a plus. Experience with other data and statistical applications are a plus (Tableau, Alteryx, PowerPivot, R, SQL) _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._