Description 1800Flowers.com is seeking a Director, Corporate Communications to work out of our Carle Place, NY headquarters. The ideal candidate is a highly- motivated, collaborative, results-oriented, creative individual who thinks strategically and has a passion for telling company stories. That passion will be demonstrated as he/she leads the development of dynamic and engaging business public relations programs that yield positive outcomes. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Provide strategic direction and oversight for all corporate/business public relations; position company as an innovator and leader in its industry. Identify opportunities and implement strategies to advance key business initiatives in the media, as well as internally. Demonstrate authority and amplify share of media voice during key gift-giving periods. Work collaboratively with, and possess the ability to influence, internal cross-functional teams; provide public relations counsel and recommendations. Prepare executives and oversee briefings and/or media interviews; provide coaching and training to prepare executives for media interviews; give constructive feedback on delivered messaging. Possess exceptional media relations skills. Cultivate, grow and maintain mutually-beneficial relationships with national, regional, local and trade media. Identify and successfully pitch story opportunities to showcase company's strategic priorities and key brand initiatives. Generate measurable results. Develop relationships with key influencers and industry experts who can help tell our story. Respond with urgency to media requests, making recommendations for company inclusion/response. Gain a strong understanding of all company protocols and procedures to make informed decisions. Challenge the status quo, too! Craft crisp key messages, briefing documents, press releases, pitches, presentations, blogs and more in the company's voice, and with business appeal. Protect and build the company's overall corporate reputation through communications supporting philanthropic efforts, sustainability initiatives, industry lists, relevant awards and more. Serve as protector of brand/watchdog. Continually audit/update brand footprint across all mediums; correct erroneous stories or misinformation. Anticipate issues, make recommendations and respond quickly in the face of crises. Be curious and tenacious. Keep the team updated on retail, business and tech trends, breaking news, competitor activity and other interesting findings to help stimulate thinking and elevate public relations initiatives. Lead a highly-motivated, highly-productive Business Public Relations team. Manage, mentor and develop junior team member(s) and interns, as needed. Demonstrate a keen understanding of social media trends to advance communications objectives and increase brand relevance; make recommendations for inclusion in social conversations and media stories. Ensure thorough recaps and debriefing documents are done for key initiatives; provide thoughtful recommendations for future endeavors. In partnership with Director, Consumer Public Relations, maintain oversight of public relations budget and demonstrate fiscal responsibility in monitoring expenses; reviewing invoices. Be a team player and leader among the greater public relations team and throughout the organization. Requirements Bachelor of Arts or Science in Public Relations, Journalism, Communications or related area of study 7+ years of Public Relations experience, with a strong focus on media relations; Agency corporate communications and/or corporate public relations experience preferred; working with consumer brands and crisis experience is a plus. Excellent writing and editing skills, strategic thinking, creativity, strong organizational/interpersonal skills; keen ability to prioritize and skillfully handle multiple assignments and high-volume detail work. Proven ability to manage individuals and teams with track record of providing coaching and mentoring to junior-level staff Solid knowledge of MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook A strong working knowledge of social media and digital platforms, plus traditional public relations tools such as Cision, PR Newswire, etc. About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.