Job Role? I Don't Need No Job Role! Are you the candidate that can pick up anything and work on it? Are you tired of the same thing every day? Do you need to touch MORE different technologies? Then what are you waiting for, APPLY NOW!!! POSITION Description We are currently hiring a Technical Administrator/Systems Administrator. This candidate will work with Windows Servers, SAN Storage, VMWARE, Backups, Exchange, 365 and Networking. The ideal candidate will also provide Strategic Planning and Technical Direction to our firm and our clients. This individual will also participate in proactive windows engineering tasks, self directed mini projects and larger projects. As part of the Technical Team here at Xirtix, XTech Tier I and II will also escalate more complex issues to this position. Education and Attitude 2 Years Advanced Degree/Military Service Really education is not so important in IT. What matters is how well you can learn and what comes out of your fingers once in front of a keyboard. Service Oriented Attitude It is technology, but at the end of the day we are a service company. If you don't want to serve your fellow man, please don't apply. Ability to communicate with all levels of end-user (verbal and written). You will talk to some really smart people. Others, may not know so much about technology. Excellent teamwork skills. There is no end to what can be accomplished if no one cares who gets the credit. Excellent time-management and organizational skills. Boy, are you going to be too busy. Only way to get it all done is this stuff. Analytical and solution oriented. The SMART candidate will think for a half hour and only click ONCE! Self-motivated and goal-oriented We ask you to work on GOALS. We can't chase you around to get things done, it is up to you! If we need to kick you in the @@@, please don't apply. Required Skills & Experience We know it is a long list and you can't know it all, but this is what you will be asked to master. Microsoft Certifications/VCP preferred. Microsoft Server Systems, Networking, Basic TCP/IP Extremely strong troubleshooting skills and problem synthesis skills. 3+ years experience operating in a support role in a Windows 2008/2012 Server environment 5+ Years in a hands on IT role Strong knowledge of Active Directory and Group Policy Strong Understanding of Microsoft Windows Client/Server Understanding of TCP/IP(DNS, DHCP) Networking Skills SAN and Storage Skills VMWARE Skills Watchguard Firewalls a plus Physical Skills Able to lift 50 pounds Gotta rack a San...gotta lift a server Able to climb small ladders We have to reach things up high sometimes. If you can only climb the large ladders, that is OK too! Full Benefits Vacation/Paid Time Off Paid Holidays Health Insurance Life Insurance Simple IRA with Company Matching (Small Business 401k style savings) Xirtix Consulting, LLC is an MSP (Managed Service Provider) and Technology Consulting firm. We are primarily focused on providing full service business computing to our client base. This includes help desk support, regular maintenance, servers and networking infrastructures, new technologies, IT strategy, technology projects and rollout; pretty much anything a regular IT department might do for a given firm. Look at our firm as an 'IT department' for many firm's. We often say, if it has a plug, our clients ask us to be responsible for it. Visit our website at www.xirtix.com for additional information about the firm. Your IT.Managed.Period.