About SHI _Innovative Solutions. World Class Support._ Headquartered in Somerset, NJ, SHI International Corp. has transformed itself from a $1 million “software-only” regional reseller into a $8.5 billion+ global provider of technology products and services. Privately-held and under the guidance of its current ownership since 1989, SHI has experienced tremendous growth in size and scope. Its organic growth and over two decades of stability are a direct result of backing a highly-skilled, tenured sales force with software volume licensing experts, hardware procurement specialists and certified IT services professionals. SHI offers custom IT solutions for every aspect of your environment from software and hardware procurement to deployment planning, configuration, data center optimization, mobility and IT asset management. SHI supports their clients from over 30 offices throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, France and Hong Kong. SHI’s goal is to foster long-term, mutually-beneficial relationships with its customers and partners, every day. What SHI Can Offer: World Class Facility includes on site gyms, restaurants and community events Ongoing opportunities for personal and professional growth and development due to our strong promote from within philosophy Work in an up-beat, creative, and fun environment Benefits, include medical, vision, dental, 401K, and flexible spending Supportive Management and Leadership Job Description/Overview SHI is looking for a data scientist with a proven track-record to join the Business Insights team. The perfect fit will have experience analyzing large data sets for trends and insights that deliver value to the organization in a meaningful way. Responsibilities/Job Function Discover information hidden in large amounts of data Work with Nousot AI to mine data for opportunity management Work closely with business managers to tie behaviors to data Mine current data based on requests from business leaders Work with Data Integrity analyst to ensure data is clean & in a usable format Work with Technology analyst install new fields & common language in applications Build consistent, repeatable ways to uncover & manage outputs to Sales Leadership. Qualifications/Minimum Skills Required Completed BA Required, Masters preferred 5 years min experience within the field of Data Analysis; mining/managing complex data in addition to a strong knowledge of statistics and data analysis High working knowledge of XLSTAT or comparable statistical analysis tool. Natural curiosity to understand what drives results Ability to manage large data sets and generate hypothesis’ for business leaders to answer Min 5 years of strong applied statistics skills: distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Exceptional written/verbal communication skills Proven drive for results Detail-oriented Organized Advanced Microsoft Skills (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) _Equal Employment Opportunity – M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status_