The Bay Area Air Quality Management District (District) is a regional government agency, committed to achieving clean air to protect the public's health, the environment and the global climate. The District accomplishes this goal through regulation of industrial facilities, regional planning efforts and various outreach and incentive programs designed to encourage clean air choices. The District's jurisdiction encompasses all of seven counties - Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara and Napa, and portions of two others - southwestern Solano and southern Sonoma. The District is currently conducting a recruitment for the position of Statistician (Air Quality Analyst) in the Assessment, Inventory and Modeling Division. There is one (1) position. This is an open recruitment for a full-time, represented position. Under direction, develops and applies mathematical and statistical models to define and solve air quality problems; performs related work as assigned. Examples of Duties for this Position: EXAMPLES OF DUTIES (Illustrative Only) Develops, recommends and applies mathematical and statistical models and techniques to solve air quality problems, produce forecasts, determine trends, provide interpolations and estimate extreme values. Confers with District staff regarding air quality problems; identifies problems, designs surveys and collects data. Uses a computer to manipulate and analyze the data; writes computer programs to do simulations and other specialized analyses. Writes reports and presents results, including charts, tables and other graphics, which may be computer generated; makes oral presentations to explain studies and findings. Prepares technical reports and papers for publication in environmental journals. Reviews, analyzes and recommends improvements and enhancements in the accessibility and quality of the District's data and data systems. Analyzes analyses done by other agencies to determine their statistical validity. Provides expert statistical advice to District staff and other agencies. Minimum Qualifications: Education and Experience: A typical way to obtain the knowledge and skills is: Equivalent to a graduate degree with major coursework in statistics or a closely related field and two years of experience applications in a field such as public health or environmental quality research. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE Conducts analyses of meteorological and air quality data. Assesses trends in emissions and the ambient response to changes in emissions. Develops conceptual models and establishes relationships among emissions, meteorology and air quality. Conducts source apportionment studies to determine relative contributions of sources to receptors. Performs analyses to evaluate the performance of meteorological and air quality models. Writes computer programs to do simulations and analyses of specialized data. How to Apply & Selection Criteria: HOW TO APPLY & SELECTION CRITERIA: How to Apply Interested individuals must submit a completed official BAAQMD application along with a chronological resume and the answers to the Supplemental Questionnaire to the District's Human Resources Office at 375 Beale Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA, 94105 by no later than 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, August 21, 2018. Applications are accepted online. Please visit our website at www.baaqmd.gov/jobs to apply or to download an application. Resumes are required, but not in lieu of the required application materials. Postmarks, faxes, and E-mailed applications will not be accepted. Supplemental Questions Instructions Individuals who apply for this position must respond to each of the required supplemental questions. Both paper and online applications must be received by the Human Resources Office no later than the time and date specified in this vacancy announcement. The responses to the supplemental application questions will be used in accordance with the procedures indicated under the Selection Criteria section. Please limit your responses to one page per question. Do not combine your responses or reference your application, resume, or any other requested documentation that you have included with your application packet to answer a question. This information will be evaluated as is and may be used to determine those applicants with the most directly related experience, education, and training to continue in the selection process. It is very important to provide a concise, clear, legible, complete response to each question.