Are you looking for an opportunity to be part of a fast growing and dynamic team? Do you want to broaden and deepen your understanding of key business drivers, challenges, risks and opportunities? Are you passionate about business intelligence and the impact it can have within a large business? If so, this role may be right for you. The Agile BI team (also known as Starlight) is responsible for growing and supporting an end-to-end BI platform at scale. Through this platform, we enable various audiences (from senior executives to field leaders) across many organizations to monitor and manage their business’ performance. We are looking for an experienced reporting and analysis manager who focuses on front-end experience delivery to join us in our evolution and take a leading role creating a roadmap for our Cloud + Enterprise audience. Responsibilities Develop and implement reporting solutions that provide accurate, timely and effective insight through a performant solution. Help our user base maximize the value of our BI solutions through readiness and hands-on support. Financial Insights: Continuously improve and evolve GM insights garnered through financial results and KPIs with goal of influencing/impacting business in positive manner and crisp story telling. Implement a regular cadence for continuous improvement and development of new features through the use of agile or scrum methodologies. Establish and operate data quality assurance processes. Manage regular updates and communications with all business stakeholders on program status, priorities, roadmap and risks/issues. Strategic thinking and planning around how we address and support business needs through the use of our latest and greatest BI technology. Qualifications BA/BS in computer science, mathematics, statistics, finance, or other technical/quantitative discipline 3+ years of experience working in BI projects including analytics, data warehousing and reporting development within a business function such as marketing, finance, sales, operations, etc. 3+ years of experience working with or managing technical BI/database development resources Experience supporting internal finance customers and familiarity with financial reporting Ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional teams Ability to manage multiple and competing projects/priorities Strong familiarity with Microsoft reporting tools including Excel, PowerPivot, and Power BI Knowledge of Microsoft financial systems such as MS Sales preferred Strong presentation, written and verbal communication skills Passion for using data and analytics to drive business value Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.