General Purpose Under general direction, this position is responsible for supporting the implementation and maintenance of the Enterprise Asset Management System (EAMS). This includes: defining roles and permissions for user security access, analyzing, testing, implementing, preparing documentation, creating reports, troubleshooting system problems and providing user training. THIS JOB POSTING MAY BE USED TO FILL MULTIPLE POSITIONS Essential Functions _The following duties_ _ARE NOT_ _intended to serve as a comprehensive list of all duties performed by all employees in this classification, only a representative summary of the primary duties and responsibilities. Incumbent(s) may not be required to perform all duties listed and may be required to perform additional, position-specific duties._ Administers and oversees the EAMS for system users. Enters, updates, and troubleshoots the system, assigns security to users, and monitors system performance. Participates with internal work teams, task forces and consultants to troubleshoot issues, streamline operations, create process improvements, and prepare updated documentation resulting from changing requirements. Provides initial application support to end users. Provides support with testing, debugging and enhancing the system. Maintain documentation and training materials for each enhancement. Performs field and acceptance tests to system upgrades/patches before implementation, logs items tested along with results for historical recordkeeping. Builds and tests queries for internal and external auditors and public disclosure requests. Provides support in maintaining system documentation and "how to" for all levels of the system administration, provides training to end users related to changes to the system including process improvements and upgrades. Serves as a backup to the Senior EAMS Administrator. It is the responsibility of all employees to follow the Agency safety rules, regulations, and procedures pertaining to their assigned duties and responsibilities, which could include systems, operations, and/or other employees. It is the responsibility of all employees to integrate sustainability into everyday business practices. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Education and Experience: Associate's Degree in information technology, facility management, or maintenance management or a similar field; and two years of experience working with a computer Enterprise Asset Management System or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of the Asset Works EAMs software and the Trapeze Enterprise Asset Management Systems (EAMS). Experience with facilities, transit, vehicle maintenance procedures and systems to track schedules and tasks to complete this work. Experience working with database user training to support maintenance. Required Licenses or Certifications: None. Required Knowledge of: Functional understanding of databases and how to utilize them for reporting. Project management techniques and principles. Principles and procedures of record keeping. Report preparation and presentation. Understanding of SQL-based business applications to understand Asset Works and related systems. Pertinent state and federal regulations; Agency policies, procedures, rules and regulations. Customer service and / or technical support Modern office procedures, methods, and equipment including computers. Required Skill in: Establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with other department staff, management, vendors, outside agencies, community groups and the general public. Interpreting and administering policies and procedures sufficient to discuss, resolve, and explain them to staff and other constituencies. Working under steady pressure with frequent interruptions and a high degree of employee contact by phone or in person. Understanding, interpreting, and responding to end user requests and providing effective customer service using clear communication skills. Communicating technical information to non-technical users. Planning, implementing, completing, and reporting on progress, reviews, and end results. Using professional and/or technical concepts to perform assigned duties and solve problems. Utilizing personal computer software programs affecting assigned work. Managing multiple tasks, setting objectives/goals, and re-prioritize work to meet changing deadlines and priorities. Responding to inquiries using effective oral and written communication. Physical Demands/Work Environment Work is performed in a standard office environment. Subject to standing, walking, bending, reaching, stooping, and lifting of objects up to 25 pounds. The Agency promotes a safe and healthy work environment and provides appropriate safety and equipment training for all personnel as required. _Sound Transit is an equal employment opportunity employer. No person is unlawfully excluded from employment action based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation and pregnancy), age, genetic information, disability, veteran status or other protected class._