FMC Corporation is a leading specialty company focused on agricultural and lithium technologies. We are proud that our products help grow the world's food, improve health and contribute to a more sustainable energy supply. FMC is a globally diverse organization that offers its employees exciting opportunities to work on challenging projects that are important to the achievement of our strategic objectives. Your education and professional experience are valued and put to use from day one. Your success at completing key initiatives can result in a varied, progressive and fulfilling career with FMC. With a corporate culture of innovation, integrity, responsibility and customer intimacy, we foster “The Right Chemistry” in everything we do. We are looking for people to join us in creating, developing, and improving our products, our processes, and our markets. If you are ready to make a difference every day, FMC is ready to talk to you. Responsibilities Responsible for preparation of financial/business performance reporting, forecasting, budgeting, financial modeling and business analysis. Conduct financial analysis and provide recommendations to support key business decisions for North America Crop business (US and Canada) including marketing programs, tech services, development, regulatory and competition. Interpret and analyze financial/business information in order to monitor performance, identify potential issues/opportunities, explain variances to Budgets, Operating Plans, and latest forecast and present financial reports to management. Responsibilities: Lead and act as the single point of contact for monthly forecasting process (P&L;, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow), including direct coordination with Sales, Marketing and Global Supply Chain. Provide deeper analysis and explanation of financial results. Qualified candidate should have the ability to: - Provide in-depth explanation of results; - Gathering and Synthesize data to identify key business drivers and - Coordinate analysis across different functions, business areas and locations. Responsible for the quarterly review deck preparation for area VPs and Directors. Assess the quality of inputs, generate insightful outputs and communicate effectively to decision makers. Lead the annual budget, working closely with segment team leaders. Conduct strategic analysis, financial modeling, valuation, and general analytical support. Model financial implications of commercial decisions. Proactively collaborate (and lead) in ad hoc projects and analysis as needed. Required Education MBA preferred, BA/BS in finance or equivalent experience. Qualifications A minimum of 8 years’ experience in financial functions with exposure to marketing, strategic planning, and product development. Demonstrated skill in applied financial analysis, forecasting, budgeting, and internal financial reporting. Financial modeling skills, including NPV, EVA Analysis and business / product valuation. Extremely strong MS Excel and PowerPoint skills Strong interpersonal skills, ability to work in a matrix organization and handle ambiguity. Strong written and oral presentation skills. Knowledge of chemical products and markets, including ability to interpret non-crop insecticide, herbicide and fungicide market data a plus. Accounting experience and knowledge of GAAP required. Knowledge and effective use of SAP modules (SD, FI and CO) and Business Intelligence required. Resourceful and proactive in seeing projects through completion; ability to support M&A; activities, including post-M&A; execution. EEO Statement FMC employees enjoy competitive compensation, a menu of work/life benefits and opportunities to continue developing their skills and building their career. FMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, gender, disability or protected veteran status. FMC supports a drug-free workplace.