SUMMARY: Acronis is a fast-growing global technology company with highly skilled specialists and offices in over 18 different countries around the world. We have over 300 software developers from different countries working together to develop sophisticated and innovative technology into world-class data protection solutions. As we continue to grow and scale, we plan to build out a new R&D center based in our new Scottsdale, Arizona office. We are looking for software developers to join our team and work on the Software Developer Kit (SDK) for Acronis’ Data Cloud Platform. The SDK is a set of tools, frameworks, documentation and tutorials aimed to let our partners integrate their services and data sources with our platform. Every Software Developer has an instrumental role and impact on the success of Acronis’ business. The best fit for this position is someone who is passionate about technology and developing innovative, cutting-edge IT solutions. The ideal candidate will be very detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated with a strong work ethic. They must be results-oriented, and can be relied upon to execute organizational goals with the utmost urgency and commitment. And just like every other position here at Acronis, they must embody all 5 of our company values: responsive, alert, detail oriented, make decisions and never give up. RESPONSIBILITIES: Prototype cloud and premise software components Survey new technologies to reach reliability, scalability and good performance Work on extensibility of our Flagship Product Communicate and work with other teams in different time zones SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Bachelor's degree in computer science or other applicable field such as IT, Physics, Mathematics, etc. Strong analytical skills Ability to learn, develop and perform in-depth analysis of new technologies Willingness to learn and grow professionally in a team environment Must have some programming experience (experience can be from either professional positions/internships or non-professional projects) Experience in any of the following languages is strongly preferred: Python, Go, C/C++, JavaScript Experience with Linux terminal and Git is preferred