Invite a friend Back to job search Job Description Provide research support to the Investment Team by conducting research, assist in the portfolio construction and administration of all investment strategies. Assist in marketing and client service. Work with the business unit and Davidson IT to identify and implement workflow solutions to improve efficiency and productivity. Assist with operational and regulatory processes as needed. Experience and Skills Qualifications/Requirements: Minimum of a bachelor’s degree 2 to 5 years of experience working in the financial services industry, preferably in asset management MBA and/or CFA® designation preferred Strong organizational skills Strong analytical skills Ability to multi-task Ability to meet tight deadlines consistently Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) Duties: Screen the investible universe to discover companies whose securities may be candidates for inclusion in the strategies. Conduct financial analysis of companies owned in the strategies as well as companies that are candidates for ownership. Financial analysis consists of but is not limited to: examination of the company’s SEC filings, creation of a business and valuation model when appropriate, as well as a projection of the company’s future prospects. Communicate with other sources of information outside of the firm to assist in the strategies research. This process may entail travel, face-to-face meetings and/or telephone conversations with sell-side analysts, company management, customers, suppliers, and competitors. Collaborate with other members of the DIA Investment Team. This collaboration includes sharing insights regarding the economy, the market and all DIA investments. It also includes contribution to the analysis of individual companies currently held and/or under consideration for ownership within DIA. Attend and participate in daily and weekly Investment Meetings Assist the marketing team in their efforts to market the strategies and the firm to new and existing clientele. This assistance includes visiting with prospective clients, financial consultants, and participating in the due diligence process of institutional consultants and third party platform managers. Communicate effectively with all external and internal constituencies in writing and through other mediums as appropriate. Adhere to Team Agreement, a commitment to the following behaviors: Curiosity _(remaining open to learning)_ Accountability _(taking 100% responsibility (no more; no less) for results)_ Candor _(engaging in courageous truth-telling to increase power and speed in decisions)_ Awareness _(tapping every emotional and intuitional resource for decisions)_ Passion _(discovering and allowing people to do what they do best)_ Appreciation _(expressing gratitude and fostering a culture of sincere cooperation)_