Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: Want to join the team that is on the journey to conquer the Business to Business segment. This is an awesome market opportunity which has the potential to bring thousands of new customers to PayPal. Do you know what it takes to create great experiences that will simplify our onboarding experiences ? Payments and Marketplaces is looking for Full stack application engineer just like you! Job Description: The Day To Day: Write web application code following best practices of accessibility, internationalization and instrumentation. Partner closely with design & product to craft great product experiences. Be a crafts(wo)man and encourage code craftsmanship across team. Deliver code in an agile team environment. Assist with application deployments in our Cloud environment. Drive innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development. Qualifications Passionate about customer focus, with the understanding of business impact to drive the system improvement 3+ years JavaScript application design and testing experience. Solid knowledge of web application frameworks such as React and Node.js A solid experience building applications on top of RESTful APIs. 3+ years experience with web frontend technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, Webpack, LESS, Bootstrap, and jQuery/Dojo/YUI. 2 + years of experience with JavaScript templating engine (Dust, Mustache etc). Solid knowledge of algorithms and design patterns. Experience with cross-browser, cross-platform, and design constraints on the web. Experience developing automated unit, integration and functional test suites. Strong desire to learn, push the envelope, and share knowledge with others. Minimum of 5 years of work experience required B.S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science is desired Relocation Not Available Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: Bachelors Degree or Equivalent: Computer Engineering We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.