The primary role of the Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis position is to manage and maintain M.D. Anderson's business planning process, financial & operational modeling efforts and reporting capabilities by working with intra- departmental and inter-departmental resources. The Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis will be responsible for assisting the Associate Director, Financial Planning & Analysis in providing key financial and statistical data for use in strategic financial decision-making across the institution. The position will be partially self-directed and must demonstrate strong organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills and have a professional presence. A thorough understanding of health care financial, administrative and clinical functions is required. The ability to utilize information appropriately in conducting analyses and producing deliverables is essential. The position will provide management and organization to high priority projects and team activities. The role will also be responsible for assisting with other core FP&A; functions such as managing routine financial reports and dashboards, budgeting, planning, and financial analysis. A strong background in cost accounting, financial analysis, and health care finance is required. Understanding cancer care at a large academic medical center is important. Key Functions Manages the business planning process at the institution using independent judgement and industry best practices. Reports findings and recommendations to implement continuous improvement efforts to the Associate Director, Financial Planning and Analysis. Manages a core business plan team to support the continuous improvement and transformation of the business planning process, including follow up on performance of certain projects as requested by the committees approving the projects. Supports the Associate Director, Financial Planning and Analysis in designing, developing, coordinating, producing and maintaining all forms of financial and statistical reports, analyses and professional executive presentations. Leverages the analytic teams and their capabilities to integrate their institutional knowledge, information and complex analyses into financial and operational models. Produces and analyzes monthly financial reports including institution, division, and department level financial statements, rate and volume indicators, key performance indicators and productivity measures. Ensures accuracy, timeliness, and completeness of financial reports. Participates in strategic annual budget and rolling forecasts planning meetings with executive management and the executive committee to address financial planning models and sensitivity analyses. Provides customer service, develops strong relationships with senior management, identifies and resolves problems quickly and appropriately and ensures communication is maximized. Takes initiative to keep the Associate Director, Financial Planning and Analysis apprised of any problematic issues relating to areas of responsibility. Identifies and recommends to the Associate Director, Financial Planning and Analysis policy and procedure change needs and options. Maintains personal professional growth and development through seminars, workshops and professional affiliations. Performs special projects as assigned by the Associate Director, Financial Planning and Analysis, Executive Director, Financial Planning and Analysis, AVP of Financial Planning & Analysis, and CFO. Possesses or can quickly develop a thorough understanding of the organization's administrative and clinical operations and utilizes the information appropriately in conducting analyses and producing deliverables. Provides analytical and project management support for strategic initiatives and business plans including managing interactions with administrative and clinical areas, understanding their business needs, and working with them to build a solid business plan including viable financial analyses. Possesses a high level of knowledge of available internal and external data sources that may assist our customers with their strategic initiatives and planning efforts. Maintains a high level of technical understanding of Oracle Hyperion based FP&A; platforms, EHR reporting tools and Hyperspace, and Tableau Software. Develops tools for use in evaluating strategic decisions based on financial and operational information. Manages multiple FP&A; tasks under tight deadlines and resource constraints. Performs advanced data analysis as needed in support of key FP&A; initiatives. Demonstrates mastery in retrieving and manipulating large data sets and an ability to integrate data from various sources. Assists with budget, financial planning, ad-hoc assignments and other FP&A; projects as necessary. OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED Acts as a subject matter expert to the Associate Director, Financial Planning and Analysis identifies and recommends business and procedural improvement opportunities. Maintains personal professional growth and development through seminars, workshops and professional affiliations. Salary Range: Minimum $94,800 - Midpoint $118,500 - Maximum $142,200 EDUCATION Required: Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance or related field. EXPERIENCE Required: Five years of professional experience in finance, accounting or related field to include at least three years of supervisory or project management experience. It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo- affirmative-action.html