At SF Motors, we’re forging a new kind of mobility company by combining the DNA of advanced automotive engineering and design with that of state of the art smart technologies and connectivity to revolutionize the future of premium electric vehicles. From our corporate headquarters in Silicon Valley we’re bringing the best and brightest together with a common goal of creating the next generation of smart, clean, connected vehicles for you. Our vision is to deliver premium electric vehicles that enhance the daily lives of our users, allowing them to live more connected, productive lives through the integration of clean technology and advanced hardware and software. The future of mobility is more than getting from A to B, it’s about keeping connected to provide users customizable features, when they want it. Job purpose In this role, you will act as a liaison between technical and non-technical people within the firm. The right candidate for this position must have strong customer service and communication skills, both written and oral. Excellent organizational skills are a must for this fast paced and growing origination. Support includes Window OS and application support of engineering, research and lab environments, hardware and software installation, upgrades and troubleshooting. In addition, this position will monitor system integrity, protection levels, and security related events, as well as ensure that security controls are implemented as described in the security plan. Duties and responsibilities Support users/resolve Window laptop/Pc issues on phone, email and walk-ins, monitor IT helpdesk ticketing system and address the helpdesk ticket. Support and manage the window Active Directory and window server domain Troubleshoot and resolve hardware, connection, printer and software issues reported to the Service Desk Window Laptop/PC and server imaging, Infrastructure setup and ongoing support, patching and maintenance Window and MS outlook 365 account and network share folder management Data center daily management (backup and recovery, performance monitoring) Escalate requests to the appropriate party, as needed. Replace or repair defective parts and equipment. Conduct technology training for new users when they onboard Conduct briefings and demonstrations for users to enhance system productivity Assist in the development of IT process and procedures, training coursework and materials Perform routine server monitoring and performance benchmarking Monitor and remove virus, spyware, and other non-authorized software Support and manage the Linux and VMware virtualization environment Support and manage the iSCSI NAS, Veeam backup and Synology cloud station Support and manage Cisco WebEx, Jabber and IP Phone MS SQL server database administrator and network administration experiences are plus Flexibility to work nights and weekends to provide support as needed. Required Education and Experience Associate’s degree in Computer Technology or related field. Cloud working experience is preferred Minimum of two 7 years’ prior experience with providing workstation support, Window server and AD administration Minimum of two 5 years’ experience in managing and supporting the Linux and VMware virtualization experience Minimum of two 5 years’ experience in managing MS Exchange or Office 365 experience Minimum of 3 years’ experience managing NAS or SAN storages Minimum of 3 years’ experience managing backup system Experience supporting WebEx, Jabber and IP Phone is a plus The ability to prioritize, be attentive to details, maintain confidentiality, and provide exceptional client service is required. Minimum 3 years’ experience managing AWS Cloud Demonstrated communication, interpersonal, organizational, analytical, and problem-solving and computer skills required. A sense of urgency and a commitment to timely completion of projects. Attention to detail along with a commitment to quality and confidentiality.