What makes DHL great? Our People! Enjoy the flexibility, innovation and fun we encourage and promote in our work environment. Our corporate culture is about personal commitment – to our business, to each other and to our communities. DHL is dedicated to being a great place to work. In addition to competitive salaries, our employees enjoy a range of programs, services and benefits that bring the best to their personal lives. In fact, Business Week just named DHL "one of the best companies to launch a career.” Start YOUR career with DHL today… DHL currently has an opening for a Part Time Ramp Agent at our Seattle, WA Service Station. You should enjoy the challenge working under tight deadlines to scan, sort, and maneuver our customers parcels for transport while understanding the importance of great service quality through attention to detail, a “can do ” attitude, speed, and safety. You will get to work with a focused group of international specialists that take pride in meeting the time sensitive logistics demands of our customers. Core Responsibilities : Ensure safety of self and co-workers Unload, Scan, Sort, Reload times sensitive documents Assist in research efforts to resolve shipment inaccuracies May assist in Customs Clearance process Maintains good work habits, including reporting to work on time and adhering to standard work safety procedures "Must Have" Qualifications: High School Diploma or Equivalent (GED) Must be at least 18 years old Excellent Attention to Detail Ability to lift up to 70lbs Ability to climb, reach overhead, squat, bend, kneel and crouch repeatedly "Bonus" Qualifications Previous experience using hand held scanners Previous logistics and/or production experience Data Entry or computer system experience Forklift experience Work Schedule Monday- Friday; A.M. & P.M. Split Schedule Benefits Tuition Reimbursement Offers Dental and Health Insurance after 45 days of employment Please note a resume is required to apply for all DHL positions. If you do not have a resume readily available, please visit: http://dhl-resumebuilder.com This program will work on both Windows and Mac operating system. DHL is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. The EEO is the Law poster is available here. http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf “DHL Express has been named as one of the first five companies in the world to be certified as a Top Employer Global 2016 and the only company to be certified in every continent around the world” Facts and Figures Division EXP - USA Employment Type Permanent Part-Time Business Unit DHL Express US Contract Type Location Seattle, WA Working Hours Monday - Friday 3 hours AM/3 hours PM Job Type Warehousing, Package Handling & Distribution Shift Requirement Mixed Career Level Operatives Relocation Offered Responsible for Travel Required Reports to Area Operations Manager Travel Extent Hire Date 6/1/2018 Work Permit Required Yes