Infosys– MFG – Consultant – ADM Infosys is a global leader in technology services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 50 countries to create and execute strategies for their digital transformation. From engineering to application development, knowledge management and business process management, we help our clients find the right problems to solve, and to solve these effectively. Our team of 200,000 innovators, across the globe, is differentiated by the imagination, knowledge and experience, across industries and technologies, that we bring to every project we undertake. Wanted: Global Innovators To Help Us Build Tomorrow’s Enterprise As a Consultant, you will be a key player in the consulting team that helps discover and define the problem statement, evaluates the solution options and makes recommendations. You will create detailed design, architecture and process artifacts and implement the deployment plan. You will also support knowledge transfer with the objective of providing value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape. Location for this position is Austin, TX. This position may require 10% travel U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time. Desired Skills & Experience Required Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education. At least 4 years of experience with Business Analyst Sales & Marketing Preferred 5+ years of experience with business requirements development and governance required Strong proficiency across the Sales and Marketing Domain and related best practices Firsthand experience in business requirements gathering. Strong analytical skills. Ability to build and evaluate business cases for operational improvements and understand how technology can be leveraged to accelerate operational improvements. Understands the larger, end to end business process that solutions fits into. Willing to challenge requirements based on an understanding of prioritized objectives. Demonstrate expertise in a variety of IT concepts, practices, and procedures. Experience with ERP systems and Custom development solutions hosted on premise or in the Cloud. May provide consultation on complex projects. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Good communication skills and global project experience. Desired Skills Experience in High-Tech industry Experience in leading/managing projects Analytical and Communication skills Planning and Co-ordination skills Experience with project management Experience and desire to work in a management consulting environment that requires regular travel The job entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. Should be able to communicate by telephone, email or face to face. Travel may be required as per the job requirements. About Us Infosys is a global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing solutions. We enable clients, in more than 30 countries, to stay a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help them transform and thrive in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence. EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin