Job Title : Business Intelligence Analyst – Sales & Marketing L ocation: Chicago, IL Terms: Fulltime About Trianz Trianz is a global professional services firm committed to enabling leaders to develop and execute operational strategies, leverage new business and technology paradigms, and achieve results expected by senior management in their organizations- predictably. What We Stand For Our clients are transforming their businesses, competitive strategies, product and service portfolios, customer-partner-employee interactions and their ecosystem. The cost of misses is not financial alone but a lost window of opportunity. So getting things right the first time is absolutely critical. As a result, Trianz is focusing on three important themes in our engagement model with clients. Crystallize business impact from a top management point of view Help Clients achieve results from strategy-by making execution predictable through innovative execution techniques Create a positive, enriching partnership experience in everything we do Industries, Clients & Practices Trianz works with clients across High Technology, Banking, Insurance, Manufacturing, Retail, Telecom, e-businesses and Public Services. Most clients are Fortune 1000 organizations and our relationships are sponsored by senior leaders in Enterprise Analytics Sales, Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Operations and Information Technology. We partner with our clients to address the following key service areas: Cloud Analytics Digitization Infrastructure Security POSITION SUMMARY The primary responsibility for the Sales & Marketing Business Intelligence Analyst is to participate in the maintenance and integrity of data, reports, dashboards, and scorecards used throughout the company. Under general direction the Business Intelligence Manager, this role supports the tracking, reporting and analysis of products, promotions and marketing initiatives and provides the sales team with monthly results. This position will be responsible for assisting in efforts such as compiling data in support of marketing initiatives, creating data sets to enable sophisticated quantitative analysis, marrying internal data with external data to identify opportunities, etc. The individual in this role will partner with the business from a broad perspective, working with staff in Operations, Finance & Accounting, Sales, Marketing, Business Intelligence, and the entire Credit & Risk team to provide strategic and tactical support. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Support the administration of the dealer loyalty program. Support the Performance Network Online reporting site and administer the weekly and monthly uploading of data. Serve as a back-up to the Business Intelligence Senior Analyst. Administer weekly trigger reports on the individual product lines. Assist in the recurring production management with targeted, incisive and succinct dashboards, analysis, and supporting reports that enable data-driven decisions. Track and results of promotions. Support dealer incentive trip reporting. Ensure all recurring reporting requirements are created in a timely and accurate manner; analyze the results. Support ad hoc data requests. Collect and provide analytical support for the sales team, the commercial and consumer marketing groups, and other groups as needed. Collect and provide the sales and marketing groups with report packages on a weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis. Ensure the company continues to evolve in its data integrity, analysis, and reporting capabilities in an environment of continuous improvement. Maintains a current awareness and understanding of appropriate banking laws, regulations, internal policies and procedures, and to comply fully with those laws, regulations, policies and procedures. Bachelor’s degree Successful candidate will have 2+ years of financial services industry experience, preferably in consumer finance Excel, MS Access, and VBA expertise is a must Technical hands-on experience with data tools such as Business Objects, Cognos, SAS strongly JOB REQUIREMENTS Experience/Knowledge/Other Skills Excellent analytical skills Ability to quickly interpret business requests related to existing and new reporting Report, dashboard, and scorecard design/implementation experience preferably using data visualization software (e.g. – Tableau) Ability to handle multiple projects on short deadlines Good verbal and written communication skills Competencies Group Level: Professional Superior analytical skills and ability to innovate and create solutions to obstacles A performance-oriented, resourceful and competitive individual with a high sense of urgency Able to prioritize analytical requests in face of changing priorities and competing demands Good organization and project management skills Understanding of financial services data platforms and ability to quickly and efficiently integrate appropriate data sources into analyses and initiatives A good listener, capable of understanding the restraints and possibilities of the business, able to translate this to concise, targeted, actionable reporting An individual of the highest integrity, whose professional and personal conduct reflects favorably upon the company. We are Growing Rapidly: 20 17 Highlights Trianz is growing above the average of the professional services industry. Here are some highlights. Voted significantly above other services firms by 90% + of clients for business impact, execution predictability and organizational commitment in the recent Trianz wide client satisfaction survey. Won the “Customer Obsession Award” from Amazon Web Services for our innovation and execution record in Cloud Infrastructure and Business Applications strategy and services. Won UNICOM awards for the 1 Digitization and 1 Analytics project over a wide array of competition. Featured by IDC in their Spotlight series under the theme of “Operationalizing Strategies through Execution Excellence: A New Paradigms in Technology Delivery”. Achieved 50%+ revenue and employee growth compared to prior year’s exit showing an increasing acceptance of our models and success from our differentiated methodologies in strategic execution. Talk to us, Join us & Develop into Leaders Come join a dynamic global company. We are an open, non-bureaucratic and no- nonsense culture. We believe in a culture of innovation, encouraging our people to create. We believe training and development of all our associates is the most important thing we can provide to our talent. We are investing heavily- in classroom, online and on the job training. Seeing our talent develop into leaders- is what’s fundamental for everyone at Trianz. We are hiring at all levels of Trianz. And we are hiring globally. So- if you have a passion for execution and would like to develop into a leader capable of taking on anything, or are already a leader, talk to us! Equal Opportunity Employer Trianz does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, gender, religion, disability, age, political affiliation or belief, disabled veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or citizenship status (except in those special circumstances permitted or mandated by law).