Description RECRUITMENT PROCESS Receive Application Packet Minimum Qualifications Screening/Auto-Scoring of Supplemental Questionnaire Job-Related Exams (if applicable) Interview 2nd Interview at Management's Discretion Reference Checks/Credential Verification Driving Record/Driving Abstract (if applicable to position) Verbal Job Offer Made (contingent on background check results) Background Check Final Job Offer or Retraction (based on background check results) To assist in providing responsible service delivery to eligible veterans and certain dependents according to established policies and procedures. Will assist Veterans Service Officers, as needed or as directed. Job Duties STATEMENT OF ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES Screens basic program eligibility by telephone or in person before scheduling appointment; at time of appointment, performs full client needs and barrier assessment, verifies and confirms eligibility documentation, checks veteran's past program use for patterns of overuse, abuse or dependency on program; assists clients in completing forms, reviews forms for accuracy, requests additional information as necessary and answers all questions regarding eligibility. Issues voucher(s) for emergency financial assistance; assures compliance with all state and county regulations in the administration of program funds; posts vendor checks to accounting system and ensures prompt payment to vendors. Provides screening and appropriate referrals for client needs that are outside the scope of this program; develops active involvement and networking with other veteran providers and all other agencies that may provide for other needs of veterans and their families. Performs routine office tasks as necessary; receives, processes and issues various forms, applications, notices, orders; reviews for such things as accuracy, completeness, required stamps and signatures. Enters data on county records manually or on a computer terminal; sets up and maintains files and filing systems; retrieves information from files or terminal; proofs and corrects work entered; purges files of obsolete or incorrect information. Provides information, consultation and technical assistance to other county departments, human service providers and others, as needed. Networks with corresponding program managers in surrounding counties to identify persons using VAF programs in more than one county. STATEMENT OF OTHER JOB DUTIES Performs crisis intervention when necessary. Performs related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Two (2) years of experience performing a variety of office work, interviewing, needs assessment and proper referral techniques related to veterans or community services; OR, any equivalent combination of training and/or experience which provides the required knowledge and abilities. Must pass job related tests. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS A valid State of Washington Driver's License is required for employment. Must be an honorably discharged veteran. Must have a working knowledge of VA Veteran Benefits and applicable RCW's. Additional Information KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: standard office practices and procedures Veterans Assistance Fund by-laws, policies and procedures application of relevant Revised Code of Washington (RCW), Washington Administrative Codes (WAC), Snohomish County Codes (SCC), USDVA benefits and entitlements, Washington State veterans benefits and programs use of computer systems including relational database human services and governmental agencies, programs and resources; organizational skills Ability to: assist the public communicate effectively with people of all ages and from a diversity of cultural, economic and ethnic backgrounds develop and maintain records, prepare related forms, applications, documents, statements and reports establish and maintain effective working relationships with public, co-workers, government officials, citizen groups and advisory boards analyze problems and prepare alternative strategies for solution retain complex procedures and regulations clearly explain policies, procedures and time frames work with minimal supervision follow oral and written instructions read, interpret and analyze data rapidly and accurately operate standard office equipment meet deadlines and cope with interruptions exercise good judgment maintain composure; remain courteous in dealing with public work with Veteran Assistance Fund Board SUPERVISION Employees receive limited supervision from an administrator as assigned. The administrator as advised by the Veterans Assistance Fund Board establishes objectives, priorities and deadlines. Employee carries out successive steps and resolves problems in accordance with instructions, policies and accepted practices. WORKING CONDITIONS The work is performed in the usual office environment with trips to locations throughout the county to provide outreach to housebound veterans and to attend community meetings as necessary. Snohomish County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. Accommodations for individuals with disabilities are provided upon request. EEO policy and ADA notice