What does a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master do? At Best Buy, our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. The Apple Mobile Master provides a world-class customer experience and improves our efficiency as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. The Apple Mobile Master ensures that no customers are ever left unserved or underserved, providing velocity and solutions support to solve for customer needs. Works closely with other employees, especially the Sales Team Leader, Supervisor or Manager, to ensure customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master, you will engage customers using selling skills to complete the sale, drive profitable growth, and achieve your individual goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.