Business Analyst – Associate The Location: London, New York or Denver The Team: With over 20,000 employees working across 95 offices all around the world, the diverse and vibrant community at S&P; Global is unlike one you’ll find anywhere else. This is an opportunity to join the Technology Product Management Team working closely with business stakeholders to define and deliver IT solutions to a variety of business problems in a highly collaborative, agile environment. The Impact: We are in search of a highly motivated Business Analyst who is ready to take their career to the next level in a fast-growing company. Do you love leading technical projects as well as getting in the trenches and working with the team to get the work done? Do you like working with state of the art technology? You will contribute to large complex interdependent project streams, taking a hands-on leadership role within a specific scrum team. You will lead continuous development and improvement of standardized processes within the Agile construct. Coaching, mentoring and leading both IT and business stakeholders on these delivery methods. What’s in it for you: You will be the most senior member of an Agile Scrum team leading them delivering high quality software to internal and external customers. The chance to dig in to complicated technical details surrounding product requirements and specifications. Work with and guide our Product Owners, Software Architects and others to fill in technical gaps in requirements. Contribute to the full project lifecycle from concept through build, to adoption and digital engagement. Build and improve your skills by working with new technologies whilst driving lean and agile processes. Responsibilities: Drive discussions with Champion, Technology Product Owner and Technology Leads to design solutions. Support Product Owner working with multiple Scrum teams to define MVP for delivery within the time constraints provided. Build deep subject matter expertise of products, services, or technologies and content and methodologies offered by S&P; Ratings. Lead Agile activities that help drive strategy. Coaching, mentoring and supervising team members on Agile best practices. Utilizing agile metrics data and the ability to provide insight and guidance. Conduct all Scrum activities with the established framework of Agile. Work with multiple teams and promote self-organization. Manages the identification and escalation of risks for Scrum Teams to stakeholders. Facilitates and drives effective Scrum team risk mitigation using formal problem-solving techniques. Manages the effects and impacts of requested changes to established projects, systems and applications. Tailor presentations/communications to varied audiences (i.e. business vs. technical and working group), negotiate and/or build consensus with partners/support organizations. Supports the establishment of new projects by facilitating visioning sessions with business users and producing associated Vision documents. Works with project leadership to support establishment of success metrics for quantifying associated business value for assigned projects. Review final results and recommendations, providing input as needed. Manage roll out and adoption of technical products to internal and external consumers, contribute to the continuous improvement of those processes and artifacts. Manage execution of digital engagement strategies. Provide white glove customer facing support. Support the measurement of user sentiment, and value realization data and KPI's to feed into product roadmaps and backlogs. Act as a regional subject matter expert and advocate analyzing regional jurisdiction business and control differences to ensure solutions designs meet our global user base. Build and develop a regional stakeholder network at all levels, be recognized as a figure head for regional representation on IT matters. What We’re Looking For: Candidate should have familiarity and foundational understanding of the below concepts: Use Judgment based on practice and precedence to accurately define problems by trying to understand underlying factors/causes. Proposing, implementing, and evaluating technical solutions to business problems Strong writing, conceptualization, and analytic skills Strong interpersonal skills – Well developed communication and diplomacy skills to exchange complex information Ability to form questions and hypothesis about long-term strategy of business and follow through with technical solutions Managing the Scrum process Agile story writing Data Analysis / Basic SQL It is beneficial is the candidate has experience with the below: Workflow/BPM Commercial customer facing products Big Data, Data Science, Data Governance, Content Management Risk & Regulatory Change Management Digital customer engagement and outreach Digital Training Development/Design Basic Qualifications: BA/BS degree in a related area such as finance, economics, information technology, or business Required 3+ years of related professional experience (BA, QA or management consulting) Preferred Qualifications: Preferred 3+ years’ experience in a financial industry/financial services Scrum Master or Agile certification Lean Management / Six Sigma Certification Strong understanding of the following: Equity and Corporate Credit Analysis; Structured Finance; Ratings Process; Finance/Accounting About S &P; Global Ratings S&P; Global Ratings is the world’s leading provider of independent credit ratings. Our ratings are essential to driving growth, providing transparency and helping educate market participants so they can make decisions with confidence. We have more than 1 million credit ratings outstanding on government, corporate, financial sector and structured finance entities and securities. We offer an independent view of the market built on a unique combination of broad perspective and local insight. We provide our opinions and research about relative credit risk; market participants gain independent information to help support the growth of transparent, liquid debt markets worldwide. S&P; Global Ratings is a division of S&P; Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/ratings S&P; Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.