Location: Fresno, Texas - United States PURPOSE OF THE JOB The position will lead automation design, modify Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) systems that are the heart of the automation systems in the plant and implementation utilizing a team of internal and external engineering resources and serves as the primary communication link to manufacturing plant on progress of work. Automation Projects Engineer is expected to be subject matter experts and to perform smaller design and programming tasks as required. Install, expand, and maintain the Ethernet Control LAN that ties the PLCs together and links them to the HMI and Process Control systems. Reports to : Plant Leader Span of Control : Projects will be focused in the Fresno plant and may support other Foamglas® locations or other OC insulation manufacturing plant in the U.S. Work of this role impacts key operational results at the Fresno plant. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Provides leadership and project management to improve safety, product quality, equipment uptime, and line utilization. (50%) Adhere to SAFE and Critical 6 requirements when implementing new processes Adhere to all plant and position-specific safety policies, procedures, and standards Lead automation aspects of multiple projects simultaneously by networking with engineering firms and internal resources. Activity to include directing scope definition and cost estimates, defining control strategies, directing programming resources, and coordinating resources for commissioning and startup. Personally, perform design and programming on smaller projects and parts of larger projects as required. Monitor projects for compliance to applicable codes and accepted engineering practices. Utilize effective project management techniques, such as the SAP project module, to lead projects. Ensure all projects are delivered consistent with scope and expectations around operability and cost. Design, specify, supervise installations and troubleshoot industrial control systems and electrical Infrastructure for new and existing PLC programs. Develop, support, and maintain RSView SE distributed HMI and Allen Bradley PLC control systems including the configuration database, controller and operations descriptions, coding, display layouts, and simulations. Provide high-quality design, scope, and cost/schedule estimates including instrument and hardware specifications and system architecture. Provide process control support and troubleshooting day-to-day operations including off-hour support coverage, via PLCs to assist maintenance. Improve process safety, quality, yields, and capacity by modifying process control configuration. Testing, documenting and training operations and Repairmen technicians in configuration changes. Perform the project management function for the execution of mid-size and large capital projects. Provide engineering and technical support to projects, plant operations and maintenance Provide input to Maintenance Engineer in development of Predictive and Preventive Maintenance. Coordinates instrumentation & controls and other related contracted work. Recommends action plans to minimize equipment failure. Writing new programs and installing new PLCs for new or upgraded equipment. This includes making drawings and calculating costs of the project Adding and modifying Human Machine Interface (HMI) devices such as touchscreens and RSView computers so operators and management can monitor and interact with the automation controls. Research, select, and test devices that communicate with PLCs to add new functionality such as distance/level sensors, pH sensors, temperature devices, etc. Archive up-to-date copies of all PLC programs and keep up with licensing of all developmental software from various vendors such as Rockwell and Indusoft. Maintain communication networks, Data Highway Plus and Ethernet, between PLCs and HMIs and RSSQL-to-process LAN, power infrastructure and motor control (VFD’s, servo’s, etc.). Lead the commissioning activities during plant startup including preparing documents (engineering). Provides consultation services as the division’s subject matter expert on all production equipment automation systems. Liaison with equipment suppliers pertaining to any instrumentation and controls issues. Assists plant personnel in troubleshooting of systems in-person and/or remotely. JOB REQUIREMENTS MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Bachelor’s degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering or closely related field 5 years of Industrial working experience in heavy industries on projects in automation and control systems. 5 years of experience in design, programming, and installation of industrial automation systems. Project management and supervisory experience. Knowledgeable in using Preventive and Predictive Maintenance tools or systems. Good organization and communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to solicit input and support of others at various sites and levels in the organization. Demonstrated proficiency with RSLogix(5, 500, and 5000), RSView SE, Transaction Manager, power infrastructure and motor control (VFD’s, servo’s,) AutoCAD, SQL database, IT infrastructure and networking. EXPERIENCE : Background in continuous manufacturing preferred Experience in a matrix environment Leading projects in union and non-union environments Six Sigma Green Belt or Black Belt, and Lean manufacturing Implementing strategic plans Demonstrated proficiency with RSLogix (5, 500, and 5000), RSView SE, Transaction Manager, AutoCAD Demonstrated proficiency with plant power systems and motor control Knowledge of process equipment and support systems including bulk material handling equipment, combustion systems, pumps, valves, compressors, pollution control equipment, ball mills, and other related industrial equipment Proven ability to accomplish a wide range of projects in an industrial facility through individual and team efforts KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Knowledge and experience in project management including writing scope and cost estimates, contractor bid packages, evaluating vendor proposals, and preparing Capital Appropriation Requests for approval. Strong project leadership skills and able to manage projects through to completion. Ability to lead change through influence and without having direct line leadership of the team. Strong verbal and communication skills to effectively communicate with people across all levels of the organization Strong analytical skills and problem-solving skills to quickly assess situations, develop appropriate solutions, and manage execution. Able to utilize data and data collection systems for problem-solving and decision-making to eliminate manufacturing losses and unnecessary costs. General knowledge of Root Cause Failure Analysis or equivalent process. Ability to change directions quickly, regarding work type, work load, and schedule. External perspective and understands that all business opportunities start with knowledge of how to create value for customer. Ability to use influence and diplomacy to achieve the best results for the business by collaboration and teamwork Strong planning, resourcing and delegation skills. Able to achieve results fast both individually and through teams. Able to utilize OC systems and the necessary software. Ability to speak a second language such as Spanish could be beneficial Expected travel is 10%. Work may include weekends or holidays to minimize production downtimes. About Owens Corning Owens Corning (NYSE: OC) develops, manufactures and markets insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. Global in scope and human in scale, the company’s market-leading businesses use their deep expertise in materials, manufacturing and building science to develop products and systems that save energy and improve comfort in commercial and residential buildings. Through its glass reinforcements business, the company makes thousands of products lighter, stronger and more durable. Ultimately, Owens Corning people and products make the world a better place. Based in Toledo, Ohio, Owens Corning posted 2017 sales of $6.4 billion and employs 19,000 people in 37 countries. It has been a Fortune 500® company for 63 consecutive years. For more information, please visit www.owenscorning.com. A career at Owens Corning offers the ability to enhance your expertise and achieve your personal and professional aspirations. Through it all, we’ll empower you with an environment that encourages open communication and big ideas, competitive pay for your performance, comprehensive benefits, and more opportunities to make your impact. Must be eligible to work in the U.S. on a permanent basis. Owens Corning is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability.