Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description This role, within the Data Scientist job family, is responsible for researching, developing, and improving algorithms that help computers learn from text. Our goal is to reduce the time and expense of performing traditionally manual tasks, increasing efficiency and reducing costs. By extracting meaning from large data sets containing millions of documents, you will help Allstate to develop NLP capabilities to improve the speed and ease with which we underwrite a policy, estimate a claim, or service a customer. Key Responsibilities Conducts cutting-edge research in Natural Language Processing / Understanding. Leverages research and applies state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to inform recommendations and decisions. Works across the enterprise to identify and incubate business use cases. Advises data scientists and business partners on applying NLP in their work. Regularly educates and trains data scientists and business partners on the state of the art. Job Qualifications Experience developing natural language processing/understanding, machine learning, or artificial intelligence algorithms/models required. Strong experience in deep learning required. A graduate degree in a field such as math, computer science, statistics, engineering or machine learning, or equivalent experience. Experience with general machine learning tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. in R, Python, Matlab) and deep learning tools (e.g. TensorFlow, Keras) required. Demonstrated skills in coding. Software development experience a plus. Knowledge of the theory and practice of NLP and deep-learning techniques. Ability to develop new concepts and stay current with academic research. Ability to summarize research and analysis for audiences with varying levels of expertise. Demonstrated analytic agility. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC