POSITION SUMMARY Manages QA budgets for internal and external testing to maintain financial goals for the company. Designs and develops test strategies to maintain high quality products being released by the company. Identifies tools and sets up test environment to assure functionality and compliance to 1st party and industry standards. Analyzes test data and provides risk assessment to Project Manager. Coordinates and manages testing with outsource test teams and internal CQC testers. Manages database accounts, access and permissions for internal and external teams. Maintains open, professional communication with project management, marketing, sales localization, etc. Expert knowledge of 1st party requirements, processes and procedures. Expert knowledge of ratings board processes and procedures. Performs special projects as needed. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Create schedule for quality control checkpoints for our worldwide release products. New process evaluation and development. Understand 1st party requirements and consumer use cases and develop QA approach to ensure compliance with industry standards. Create and update documentation for new and existing platforms. Research project compliance issues and communicate/escalate as needed. Coordinate with internal CQC staff to ensure adequate and efficient testing is performed in order to qualify builds for code submission. Manage and coordinate functional testing with external vendors. Coordinate compatibility testing with external vendors to manage and determine minimum spec and validate recommended specs for PC titles. Communicate project status to project stakeholders worldwide via daily reports, video calls and on-site meetings. Manage and review compliance bugs for accuracy and validity. Manage creation, setup, maintenance, and access of the issue database. QA Help file management. Conduct interviews as needed. Propose and implement improvements to our existing processes and tools in order to improve the team’s speed, quality and efficiency. 1st party research. Collaborate with 1st party and developer to identify issue severity and reach a resolution. Ratings submission packet prep (ESRB & DJCTQ). Review and submit ESRB and DJCTQ ratings packets. Review early assets and provide development team with feedback and guidance to achieve ratings in accordance with our sales and marketing strategy. Create post mortems for testing cycles. Train new hires. ESRB inquiries. BTS2 database admin. Internal inventory asset management. Manage 1st party documentation on internal network. Review and approve test plans from external vendors. Review product packaging components to assure adherence to 1st party requirements. Provide feedback and guidance regarding potential legal and licensing issues. 1st party standards review. Facilitate build deliveries for internal and external teams. Legacy project support. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Manage internal testing with contract CQC staff. Provide training for compliance staff. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Willingness to work overtime when necessary. Maintain an understanding of all game genres and possess an intuitive understanding of what impacts the end user experience. Keep current with new and emerging game software technologies. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE High School Diploma. Minimum 7 years QA testing experience Demonstrated understanding of QA processes. One completed project, per 1st party, in the role of Lead Tester. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications of employees assigned to this job. About BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc. BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc., part of BANDAI NAMCO Holdings Inc., is a leading global publisher and developer of interactive content — including all major video game consoles, iOS, mobile and online. The company is known for creating and publishing many of the industry’s top video game franchises, including PAC-MAN, TEKKEN, SOULCALIBUR, NARUTO, NARUTO SHIPPUDEN, Dragon Ball, GALAGA, RIDGE RACER and ACE COMBAT.