Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in a field related to the job, plus four (4) years of experience in a related field Experience may substitute for education for up to four (4) years Licenses or Certifications: None. Notes to Applicants This position has been reposted. If you previously applied for the IT Database Administrator Sr position, Job Requisition Number COA077220, you will need to reapply under this posting to be considered for the position. The Austin Police Department is looking for an experienced, dedicated, and senior DBA with skill in Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Data Integration and Data Warehousing who is interested in supporting Public Safety. This position provides data support to the APD Info Systems team which is responsible for high level analytics, information technology integration, data systems development and maintenance and development and oversight of our Business Intelligence system using MicroStrategy. This role also works directly with customers outside of the team. This position will also be writing Extraction, Transform and Load (ETL) or SSIS tasks for the ETL process. IMPORTANT INFORMATION A detailed and complete employment application is required to help us better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Please list your complete employment history (to include all job duties responsibilities and employment dates) on your online application. The application is an official document; incomplete applications will not be considered (e.g., “see resume” or “see Linked In Profile”). The responses to the supplemental questions should also be reflected on your application. Resumes will not be used to qualify for the position and will not be used to recommend salary. Selected candidates will be required to complete a skills assessment. This position is not eligible for employer sponsorship of a work-related visa. Applicants must be currently authorized to work on a full-time basis without employer sponsorship. Pay Range $36.10 – $47.71 Hourly Rate Hours Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Hours may vary depending on business needs. Job Close Date 08/15/2018 Type of Posting External Department Police Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location 711 East 8th St, Austin, Texas Preferred Qualifications Oracle DBA Experience; SQL DBA Experience. Business Intelligence Applications experience using MicroStrategy. Experience in Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Data Integration and Data Warehousing. Experience with ETL (Extraction, Transform and Load) operations and fact tables. Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. 1\. Design, analyze, troubleshoot and resolve advanced operational and performance related database issues, coordinate changes, and maintain database structures, and assist in developing policies and procedures designed to ensure the integrity of the database environment 2\. Design, coordinate, implement, and determine procedures necessary to save and recover production databases, and to recover databases from hardware and software failure 3\. Perform database performance monitoring and auditing, implement efficiency improvements, and modify existing databases and database management systems 4\. Design, configure and implement database network connectivity working with required technical teams. 5\. Monitor capacity versus utilization and recommends appropriate action on a timely basis to avoid performance degradation 6\. Create databases and database objects, such as tables, indexes, views, triggers, and stored procedures 7\. Track database assets and critical information about those assets 8\. Assist in development of data security standards to ensure data integrity data security 9\. Maintain data standards, prepare and develop database documentation, procedures, and definitions for data dictionaries 10\. Create test database environment for applications section, including the creation of necessary libraries and procedures 11\. Install new software releases and/or upgrades including researching, testing and implementing new technology Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: May provide leadership, work assignments, evaluation, training, and guidance to others Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of industry and department best practices, requirements and policies and procedures Knowledge of the advanced principles, practices and techniques of secure computer programming, system design, computer operations, systems and procedures Knowledge of advanced database structures and theories Knowledge of current database technologies Knowledge of Oracle and SQLServer database tools, environments and query languages (SQL, TSQL) Knowledge of statistical analysis processes Skill in developing reports and cross references from the data dictionary Skill in performing data modeling and prototyping to implement efficiency improvements Skill database debugging, testing and troubleshooting techniques Ability to write Extraction, Transform and Load (ETL) or SSIS tasks for the Extraction, Transformation or Loading (ETL) process Ability to gather, assemble, correlate, and analyze facts Ability to perform a root cause analysis Ability to assess future information needs so that the databases can evolve in an appropriate manner Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. The City of Austin will not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, creed, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, religion, veteran status, disability, or sexual orientation. In addition, the City will not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of an individual’s AIDS, AIDS Related Complex, or HIV status; nor will the City discriminate against individuals who are perceived to be at risk of HIV infection, or who associate with individuals who are believed to be at risk. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.