Market Track is actively strengthening our global talent culture and is seeking a Director of Talent Development to lead the on-boarding, career development management and leadership strategy and programs. The role will report directly to the Vice President of Talent and Human Resources and be responsible for aligning business objectives with our global footprint of employees and managers. Our footprint extends into multiple US markets, as well as the international markets of Canada, Jamaica, India, Philippines, and Australia. We are seeking an innovative, visionary, and emotionally intelligent director for Market Tracks global talent development function to lead and evolve its strategies, practices and systems, inspire and develop the talent development team, and partner with the organization to deliver Market Tracks vision for its workforce. As an integral member of the HR leadership team, the Director will handle the design and delivery of an integrated global talent development strategy, including talent development programs that drive engagement and alignment, specific talent development strategies to ensure targeted learning paths for Market Track employees, and key talent metrics to drive impact. Job Responsibilities: Develop strategies and programs to strengthen individual skills and competencies, and drive a culture of excellence and continuous learning and improvement. Assess the organization’s learning and development needs across all levels; identify and prioritize mission critical skills; recommend, develop, and implement customized learning paths to deliver against Market Tracks’s vision for its workforce. Build and maintain a cohesive and integrated set of learning and development programs that create a compelling employee experience throughout the employee lifecycle; ensure learning and development practices are inclusive. Champion employee learning and development in a way that allows them to own their future and careers; partner across programs, departments, and units to think about new ways to define career development within Market Track. Manage, develop, and coach the talent development team to ensure continuous learning, promote innovation, and foster collaboration across HR functions and the Market Track network. Develop and manage talent management and development dashboard and metrics; establish and track metrics to measure the efficiency and effectiveness of the programs; take proactive measures to address deficiencies. Create systems, tools, and processes that provide a feedback loop that makes employee and managers satisfaction data accessible and actionable. May need to travel up to 30% of the time. Participates on committees and special projects and seeks additional responsibilities. Competencies: Team Management Business Acumen Communication Consultation Critical Evaluation Global & Cultural Awareness HR Expertise Leadership & Navigation Relationship Management Ethical Practice The ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of experience developing and delivering corporate training solutions and managing a talent development function in a multi unit organization. The successful candidate will need: Strong record of delivering complex, multi-disciplined programs, including culture change and team effectiveness Deep expertise in developing corporate training solutions at all levels in a global organization The ability to thrive in a fast-changing, fast-paced, and consultative environment The ability to build strong relationships with senior leaders Uncompromising integrity and a desire to work in a mission-driven environment To be highly collaborative; equally effective as a team leader and a team player Adept at leading initiatives across HR functions, bringing to bear a strategic approach, and strong problem solving skills To be comfortable making decisions with sometimes limited and/or conflicting information