See Below Responsibilities Sr. Information Security Analyst Northville Position Summary: As a Sr. Information Security Analyst, you will be actively contributing to ZF's digitalization strategy driving a high level of secure products and services within ZF's automotive and industrial divisions. You have a passion for digital products and will use your skills and new technology to bring value to our business partners. You will be designing, consulting on and implementing the infrastructure and technical environments that support such advances. Always striving for improvements and to learn new things your motivation and mindset will mean that you will challenge the status quo. Position Responsibilities: Actively participate as a team member in innovation cases Provide security input to the solution design of connected products and services Provision environments that implement the security solutions for innovation cases Monitor solution performance and adapt design or environment accordingly Collaborate with IT line organization and drive transition of solutions to them during minimum scalable product (MSP) phase Team up with other security specialists to develop security design patterns and modules Ensure a sustainable incorporation of security skills and knowledge within ZF (e.g. develop necessary training) Build up security capabilities and actively drive product security within ZF (incubator role) Develop understanding of upcoming security technologies/trends related to modern vehicle systems Engage in national/international security communities and support ZF to become an active player in those networks Essential Skills and Experience: Bachelor's degree in IT Security, Computer Sciences, Mathematics (or equivalent) with fundamental knowledge of Automotive IT Security technologies and processes 6+ years of experience in IT Security / Cyber Security / Automotive Security / Infrastructure or other related disciplines within a consultative or corporate environment Hands on experience of implementing infrastructure components to support prototype environments Understanding of agile principles and methods Independent, systematic working methods and analytic skills Outstanding ability to communicate, personal commitment, organizational skills, flexibility, creativity, teamwork Highly motivated and open personality with interpersonal skills Very good knowledge of written and spoken English Preferred Skills and experience: Experience in the Automotive industry German and/or Spanish language skills Experience of analyzing solution exploits, penetration testing and identifying protective mechanisms for vehicle network systems ZF North America, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. ZF North America, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. ZF North America, Inc. expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of ZF North America, Inc. employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.Requirements