Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 4,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2016 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. _Delivery Network:_ One of our fastest-growing capabilities is our Cross- Market Delivery Network, which uses agile engineering to deliver custom-built digital products and solutions. The centers, which are located near local Slalom offices to support clients and teams in the same or adjacent time zones, provide regional remote delivery capabilities at scale. Strategic partners include Salesforce, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, and Tableau. Job Title: Experience Design Solution Architect Are you a doer with a track record of managing complex requirements and delivering intuitive and well-designed digital products? Are you looking for a career path that teams you up with clients and technologists to build products in an agile and iterative fashion? We are seeking a senior designer to join our team as a project lead who will craft seamless application experiences. At Slalom, we are passionate about product and outcomes. We work with mid-level and Fortune 100 companies alike in crafting premier products, and transforming our client’s internal teams. We’re all about relationships, and we’re looking for you to lead both client and internal relationships to build our team brand and maturity. To us, design is not something to hand-off, but an integral part of product development from front to back. We believe in true agile integration of design, and that cross-collaboration is critical to upholding the desirability, viability, and feasibility of products. Working alongside cross-disciplinary Slalom leaders, you will be an integral part of our clients’ projects from conceptualization to completion. You will need a deep knowledge of end-to-end product delivery, including interacting with other designers and client alike, handling client expectations, and leading efforts to invent custom solutions. You should have a consistent record of using design thinking to solve business problems. Applicants should be very confident in their ability to hear and manage client priorities in a consultative environment. At Slalom, Experience Design is stepping up its game at a national level and we want you to join us during this exciting time of growth. Our team consists of product designers with proven experience in visual design, information architecture and interactions. Experience Design at Slalom is not just a valued offering for project work; rather it is a leading discipline for delivering lasting, meaningful and impactful work for our clients. Does this feel like you? Do you apply empathy to design as well as client relationships? If so, we'd love to hear your story! Responsibilities Lead projects in user-centered design solutions while working alongside Slalom offices nationwide Lead design teams in the implementation of these solutions Gather requirements for web and mobile applications through information architecture, prototyping, and contextual inquiry Work with cross-disciplinary pursuit teams to create solutions, proposals, and contracts for opportunities Work with development teams and project leadership to define and refine scope Review UI to ensure proper implementation Qualifications 3+ years of experience as a project design lead 7+ years of experience in interactive design, information architecture and visual design 5+ years of relevant client facing experience—consulting or agency Confirmed track-record of hands-on user-interface design leadership Expert-level proficiency with common design software (Adobe suite, Sketch, etc) Quick starter and nimble/creative under project constraints Real passion for seamless design and the creative process Strong interest in and passion for learning new technologies and design skills A portfolio demonstrating breadth, creativity, process, and innovation in related fields Experience in a Scrum-based production process Travel Requirement: Willingness to travel up to 50% _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law._