Network Data Strategist ( Job Number: 180001JU ) Description Chicago Public Schools (CPS) is the third largest school district in the United States, serving over 370,000 students in 600+ schools and employing nearly 36,000 people, most of them teachers. CPS has set ambitious goals to ensure that every student, in every school and every neighborhood, has access to a world-class learning experience that prepares each for success in college, career and civic life. In order to fulfill this mission we make three commitments to our students, their families and all Chicagoans: academic progress, financial stability and integrity. Five core principles are embedded within these commitments – high quality, rigorous instruction, talented and empowered educators, safety and support, financial stability and collective impact. The Network Data Strategist will serve 1-2 Networks with approximately 20-40 urban schools. With networks and school principals serving as critical agents in accomplishing the district’s vision, the Data Strategist’s most import role is developing the ability of Network and School teams to build a robust data strategy capable of facilitating strong planning processes around increasing student achievement. JOB PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Strategists will build capacity among School and Network leaders to engage in robust cycles of Strategic Planning and Data Inquiry Coordinate with and support Chief of Schools (Chief) strategies to develop principal and school team capacity in alignments with the Continuous Improvement Process. This includes supporting the Chief in assisting principals and their teams in conducting root cause analyses, developing theories of action and building coherent multi-year strategies. Support principals and school teams in the development, implementation, and evaluation of their schools’ Continuous Improvement Work Plans (“CIWP”) by building capacity around strong cycles of inquiry and the use of data for planning. Provide frequent, actionable feedback to assist principals and their leadership teams in improving their data strategy to achieve better results. Build the capacity of school teams to execute strong Data Driven Instructional cycles. Act as the Process Expert and Sensemaker for Data Inquiry that spans multiple Central Office Departments and CPS Initiatives (e.g.; Assessment Data, SQRP calculation, MTSS protocols, etc) Remain knowledgeable of changes in data-relevant CPS policies and initiatives such as those pertaining to accountability and assessment. Counsel school teams and leaders around how to interpret data with fidelity to best analytic practice and the content of CPS policies and initiatives. Build the capacity of School and Network leaders to plan with regard given to School Quality Rating Policy (“SQRP”) policies, Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (“MTSS”) protocols, and Assessment metric calculation. Act as the point person for data access, analytics, and selection Provide schools and networks access to datasets as needed to support robust engagement with cycles of data inquiry Provide expertise and consultation on the selection of leading and lagging metric indicators for planning purposes Support Chiefs so that they can assist Principals and Instructional Leadership Teams in setting goals and selecting appropriate measures to monitor progress of school-based programs. Provide strategic data analysis to the Chief of Schools to improve student outcomes and the effectiveness of schools, programs, and district initiatives. Identify implications of school and Network performance data and make strategic recommendations to Chief and Network staff. Serve as the Network expert and resource in understanding and accessing CPS’ data systems. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS AND KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business, Education, or related field of study. Master’s degree preferred. Demonstrated eagerness to learn with a track record of proactively problem-solving challenges Intermediate expertise of Excel and/or Google Sheets inclusive of the ability to combine and report on datasets Ability to communicate data and methodological details clearly and accurately to non-technical audiences. Strong analytic and data management skills Strong data visualization skills Strategic thinker able to generate actionable insights from data and make recommendations to instructional leaders to improve instructional practice. A logical approach to researching and analyzing opportunities. Experience working with or coaching adult learners and designing and facilitating professional development to classroom teachers and school leaders. Knowledge of critical issues in education and school planning Excellent report writing, analytical and project management skills, with a good attention to detail. Ability to build trusting relationships and function effectively with internal Departments, external partners, Chiefs, and school-based staff. Is a strong communicator; speaking, listening, and writing. Possess a track record of success as demonstrated by superior academic and professional achievement. Preferred: Experience with either High School or Elementary Assessments, team structures, and data cycles. Preferred: Experience with SAS, SQL, or Microsoft Power BI