Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is looking for a leader for our Data Center Sourcing team. In this role, you will be responsible for managing a team of experienced sourcing professionals who lead the category management of advanced technologies in the Data Center infrastructure space. In partnership with the Data Center Project Sourcing Managers, you will own the development of the supply chain strategy balancing best cost, and speedy delivery of systems and products without compromising quality. The Category sourcing team is responsible for the category management of Critical Electrical and Mechanical Equipment, Cabling and Fiber Technology, and a wide variety of construction related and operational services. More than specific subject matter expertise, the successful candidate for this role will be highly adaptable, be able to glean advanced technologies in short order and have sound commercial skills in the areas of contracts, negotiation, sourcing, risk and supplier management. RESPONSIBILITIES Partner with internal stakeholders to develop and implement strategies to scale the Category sourcing team in support of the long range plans. Hire, develop, and lead a team of sourcing professionals that are responsible for commercial ownership including negotiations, quality assurance, and supplier management in the Data Center space. Develop individual and customized sourcing strategies for Facebook’s Data Center R&D initiatives and construction roadmap, including leading the negotiation and procurement strategy of equipment, commodity, and service agreements. Partner with project sourcing Managers in the negotiation and procurement strategy of equipment, commodity, and service agreements. Establish and foster strong working relationships with internal and external stakeholders and find creative ways to overcome obstacles to ensure delivery of quality, schedule, and cost goals. Drive scaling methodologies to drive efficiency and effectiveness of sourcing operations. Develop and implement key performance indicators to track progress to key metrics & goals. Highlight and drive opportunities for significant operational improvements and drive high impact initiatives with measurable results. Establish the Data Center sourcing team as the leader for all commercial engagements. Ability to be a hands-on and an effective people manager for sourcing teams. Demonstrate progression of management scope and ability to develop, and grow a team. Up to 25% travel required to review and coordinate various initiatives with onsite personnel and vendors. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in a business or technical discipline. 15+ years of experience in Data Center Infrastructure or equivalent construction procurement environment. Experience leading cross-functional mission critical infrastructure construction programs. Experience negotiating with or the commercial management of general contractors, sub-contractors and equipment manufacturers. Experience moving from strategy to execution and delivering results while managing multiple tasks. Experience balancing multiple priorities. Experience influencing cross-functional teams. Interpersonal and communication experience. Analytical, problem-solving, negotiation and organizational experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Engineering experience in one or more of the following: Electrical and/or Mechanical systems and subsystems. Advanced technical degree or MBA. Action-orientated with the ability to get things done and overcome obstacles. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic team environment.