CHI St. Luke’s Health is a part of Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), one of the nation’s largest health systems. Headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, CHI operates in 18 states and comprises more than 90 hospitals, including four academic medical centers and teaching hospitals; 24 critical-access facilities; community health services organizations; accredited nursing colleges; home health agencies; and other services that span the inpatient and outpatient continuum of care. POSITION SUMMARY Collects and evaluates clinical data as a part of the Performance Improvement Program. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education and Licensure Required: Associate's Degree in Nursing -or- Master's Degree in Healthcare related field (MPH, MHA) Minimum Experience: Three (3) years of related work experience Minimum Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Computer keyboarding skills, knowledge of basic Word, Excel and Power Point, knowledge and understanding of medical terminology and familiarity with medical records, ability to interact effectively with healthcare providers of all disciplines, excellent time management and organizational skills. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Develop and maintain expert knowledge of measure and indicator specific inclusion and exclusion criteria for assigned measure sets 2\. Abstraction of both electronic and paper patient records based on established tools 3\. Data entry into web tools of required data elements as specified by assigned national data bases and/or clinical registries 4\. Conduct quality control audits of data entry via the web tool to assure accuracy of data entry 5\. Correct or assist in resolution of data quality errors and transmission errors prior to upload of data 6\. Participate in activities related to CMS validation audits 7\. Participate in internal reliability studies on data abstraction 8\. Participate in CPT meetings by providing education to hospital staff keeping the team apprised of changes or pending changes to measurement requirements 9\. Assist in problem solving and formulation of performance improvement strategies related to compliance with measurement specifications