As a member of the Development Services team, the Application Database Administrator II ("DBA II") is responsible for developing and maintaining SQL based database solutions. Responsibilities: Installing and upgrading SQL servers, monitoring database server health, tuning for optimal performance, ensuring proper use of storage and space requirements, patching, ensuring backup and recovery, and managing database security. Work with developers and team members to assist in overall database design, tuning queries, assigning proper indexes, reviewing execution plans, creating triggers, stored procedures. Including best practices, and recommendations as applicable. As a member of the team, provide a high degree of coordination between Bank colleagues, technical staff, and application teams to ensure effective database management and product availability. Operate with substantial latitude for independent action and requires an individual who is capable of decision-making, and establishing and enforcing SQL Best Practices standards relating to database management. Performs other related duties and projects as business needs require at direction of management. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience Minimum 3 years of SQL DBA experience Skills and Knowledge: 3 years' of SQL DBA experience required. Strong Transact SQL development skills. Experience in SQL Server High Availability (HA) options such as Always On Availability Groups, Database Mirroring, Log Shipping Replication. Experience in Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/2017. Understanding of database requirements for Microsoft BizTalk a plus. Good understanding of MS Windows operating system, Windows Failover Clustering, and general understanding of network architecture. Experience with Oracle databases a plus; experience with UNIX and LINUX operating systems a plus Excellent organizational, analytical, verbal, and written communications skills. Ability to establish and maintain a high level of colleague trust and confidence in the group's knowledge of and concern for colleague's business needs. Represents basic qualifications for the position. To be considered for this position you must at least meet the basic qualifications. City National Bank is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Veterans Note: This preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Note: Candidates should be advised that City National Bank does not pay interviewee travel expenses or relocation expenses for candidates who are hired unless previously agreed. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled