About JDA Software Group, Inc. _JDA Software is the leading supply chain provider powering today’s digital transformation. We help companies optimize delivery to customers by enabling them to predict and shape demand, fulfill faster and more intelligently, and improve customer experiences and loyalty. More than 4,000 global customers use our unmatched end-to-end solutions portfolio to unify and shorten their supply chains, increase speed of execution and profitably deliver to their customers. Our world-class client roster includes 73 of the top 100 retailers, 71 of the top 100 consumer goods companies, and 13 of the top 16 3PLs. Running JDA, you can_ _plan to deliver._ __ www.jda.com Position Title Solutions Executive (Supply Chain) Location Remote, US Overview The Solutions Executive is a strategic role within the JDA sales team that combines the competencies of strategy consulting, process consulting, solutions consulting and sales execution. The Solutions Executive will provide thought leadership and work with C-level executives and their teams to align their business and supply chain strategy, process transformation to a solution roadmap, and provide a strong business case supported by compelling value proposition for deploying JDA solutions. The Solutions Executive will leverage hands-on business experience, industry knowledge, supply chain expertise, combined with solution familiarity and communications skills, to conduct discovery, develop a JDA point of view, lead solution workshops and position JDA solutions to strategic customers and prospects. The Solutions Executives pursue strategic sales cycles requiring a solution that spans multiple JDA products and are responsible for resource coordination across solution teams and resources from other organizations to support the sales cycles. The Solutions Executives position the JDA innovation strategy, and supporting Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and other advanced platform technologies. They articulate leading edge functional, integration, and technology architectures to reflect how organizations leverage latest technologies to support business transformations. They will refer to JDA and customer partner eco-system as part of this integration architecture. Responsibilities Understand and articulate the end-to-end value chain in the retail and manufacturing industries Understand and frame a point of view on the recent industry trends, like customer-centricity, big data, mobility, IoT and machine learning. In collaboration with the Industry or the Strategic Services teams, engage with executives and their teams at strategic prospect companies to understand industry- and company-specific business processes and business objectives Link the issues experienced by the customers with their potential root causes Map the customer issues to specific end-to-end solution enablers and develop a solution recommendation to address the business issues and meet business objectives Clearly articulate the business impact of to-be recommendations Develop a roadmap for deployment of the recommended solution Work with the value team, and quantify the business impacts of issues and develop a value proposition for the recommended solution and deployment roadmap Present a clear, concise and compelling argument to differentiate JDA offerings with proof points including value, process enablement, and software demonstrations Possess and maintain competitor strengths/weaknesses Develop and maintain JDA Solutions expertise Articulates the value of the integration of the JDA solution suites, products within a solution suite and other components from JDA or customer partner eco-system Assist Major Customer Executive in educating prospect and creating a compelling business case for JDA Support the pursuit lead, and for key opportunities organize and manage all activities associated with the sales cycle leveraging the necessary resources across different teams necessary to ensure that the prospect is convinced that there is no viable alternative to a JDA solution Required Skills Must have proficiency in end to end supply chain processes Excellent communication and presentation skills. Ability to create and deliver formal business presentations. Proven ability to engage on a peer-to-peer level with C-level executives at Fortune 100 companies Must have worked / consulted within the manufacturing or retail industries for at least 4 years and consulted with several clients Consultative and value based solution selling expertise with proven hands-on leadership in large deals Good experience of Machine Learning and other platform technologies Ability to drive innovative transformation to deliver competitive advantage for the client Strong management consulting skills Outstanding interpersonal skills with ability to establish good relationships with key contacts at prospect, customer and partner organizations Strong leadership skills; ability to manage cross-functional team and work with senior management Ability to benchmark customers for supply chain best practices, innovation and business results Action oriented, “Can do” attitude with proven ability to support complex sales with large accounts with value focus 7+ years of business experience as a senior level supply chain practitioner or management consultant with a prime consulting firm or leading software vendors This role requires global travel. Personal Profile: Motivated, confident, self-sufficient and able to contribute from day one Focused and determined Well organized and consistently meets commitments. Well-developed interpersonal and communication, problem solving, diplomacy and influencing skills Our Values _If you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. Ours unite us. They are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. Does your heart beat like ours? Find out_ _here._ Let’s Socialize _Join the conversation online by connecting and following us on Twitter @JDASoftware @JDACareers and Facebook (_ http://bit.ly/9s2DVE _), and LinkedIn (_ http://bit.ly/2rV4Kue _) Also, check out JDA's blog - Supply Chain Nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations at_ http://blog.jda.com _._ Required Experience