Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Join a collaborative and passionate team working to make the best experiences for people capturing and sharing the world's moments. Our work aims to understand the people who use our products, gleaning insights to drive product direction and strategy. For this position, we are looking for people with skills in behavioral data analysis, experimental and survey research, and statistics. We are looking for people that can take a human-centered approach to designing studies that provide an understanding of how people's attitudes, beliefs, or stated needs relate to their actions or behaviors. The right candidates will be excellent communicators, knowledgeable about product design, passionate about understanding people, curious about the relationship between technology and society, comfortable in a flat, fast moving organization, excited to collaborate, open-minded about learning new skills and methods, and focused on influencing the future of Instagram. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with product teams to identify research questions Act as a thought leader in domain of research, while advocating for people who use our products Design and execute studies that address both user behavior and attitudes, using the right methodology for the right questions Generate insights that shape how product teams think about medium and long- term product strategy Work cross-functionally with design, product management, data science, content strategy, engineering, and marketing Communicate insights in creative and compelling ways Mentor other researchers, and maintain our team's high standard of work MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS B.A/B.S. in a human behavior related field, such as human-computer interaction, psychology, sociology, communication, information science, media studies, computer science, or economics 5+ years' experience in applied product research Knowledge of set of research methods PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS MA/MS/PhD, human behavior related field (HCI, Psychology, Sociology, Information Science, Economics, Political Science, etc.) Experience with user research supporting accessibility Ability to ask, as well as answer, meaningful and impactful questions