Do you have the ability to lead problem solving initiatives for a team of consultants? If yes, then look no further than P3! As a global consulting, management and engineering services company, we develop and implement innovative solutions to today’s complex technology challenges and industry changes that help our clients succeed at every stage. As a Supply Chain Operations Lead at P3, you will be responsible for defining the direction, tools and methodologies and incorporating internal/external best practices into our client’s lean transformation. You will participate in strategic development based on quality control plans. You will be responsible for investigating, analyzing and resolving quality issues, facilitating quality improvements, and developing quality standards and requirements. _A Day in the Life:_ Lead supply chain best practice and continuous improvement activities Solve day-to-day operation issues and reach short & long term performance goals Improve communication through the team by actively engaging in work meetings and roundtable discussions. Find solutions to barriers prohibiting effective execution of P3 strategies Collaborate and build relationships with internal and external stakeholders Develop and analyze KPI’s while working with Quality and Operations teams to see that requirements are met and exceed client specifications and expectations Lead teams through production processes and events to develop value streams that assist with team prioritization Manage overall project plans, scope, cost, risk, etc. _What You Have:_ Master/B.S. in Mechanical/Industrial Engineering or equivalent technical education or equivalent field of study preferred Minimum of 5+ years of professional experience preferably in automotive or aerospace within manufacturing companies Extensive hands on experience implementing lean methodologies at a shop floor level Experience with SAP training matrix Additional preferred skills: Cost controlling, lean manufacturing, six sigma, PMP certification Comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing methods and production systems Strong competence in problem-solving and a pragmatic hand-on approach Solid experience and in-depth experience in the automotive manufacturing industry preferred Experience in moderating and managing teams Substantial knowledge in project management including creating and managing project plans, scope, cost, risk, etc. Possess self-confidence, high motivation and an enthusiastic personality Ability to provide a hands-on approach and be a team player Strong social skills and ability to work on independent assignments and projects Excellent verbal and written English language skills as well as strong presentation skills (Spanish and/or German language skills are a plus) Strong applied knowledge in MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Project, etc.) Proficient in information/data collection and analysis. Teaching or training experience. Knowledge of ISO 9001, IATF 16949 and other Quality Assurance industry standards. Prior product or business process auditing experience. Strong drive and ability to take initiative