ABOUT DSC: We’re on a mission to build a better bathroom. We started with razors way back in 2011, and now millions and millions of Members later, we’ve expanded into shave products, skin care, hair styling, with more to come. We’re always growing and reinventing, and we rely on killer talent to help us achieve our goal of owning the bathroom. If you’re a team-playing innovator, you’ll fit right in. A sense of humor helps, too. ROLE SUMMARY: We are seeking a Data Architect who is a visionary in defining and managing Data Architecture with expertise in Data Modelling, Data Marting, ETL, Performance tuning, Data Governance and Data Security leveraging Big Data Technologies, Columnar and Time Series data stores along with traditional RDBMS. Right candidate will be a Self-motivated, results driven technologist, who is passionate about collaboration, but can work independently and Lead by example RESPONSIBILITIES: Define system level architecture and conduct Dimension Modelling & Data marting Mentor team members through Conceptual and Logical Modelling and drive Physical modelling on the Data Marts Define Data Security protocols and enabling Access controls Conduct Database performance tuning and architect low latency data systems Extensive experience building Master Data Management strategy in an organization. Build highly scalable data marts that can be used by DSC globally Responsible for maintaining data integrity across multiple data marts Build overall data mart architecture and design and document the data systems ecosystem Data Mapping from sources to the data marts and work with peer data engineering teams to pipeline the data Design and code for highly scalable solutions for Data Extractions from Data Lake and transformations jobs for business rules application Define and parallel process the ETL jobs towards Low Latency and highly scalable systems Architect, detailed design and Code for Data Quality frameworks that can measure and maintain Data Completeness, Data Integrity and Data Validity between interfacing systems Documenting Data Mapping and maintain a data dictionary across all DSC enterprise data Owning the KPIs to measure the performance of Data Marts and provide visibility to senior management Design for Self Serve BI platforms and drive higher adoption rate QUALIFICATIONS: Master’s Degree in Computer Science/ Data Science or related Majors Minimum 10 years of industry experience overall 10+ years of Data Warehousing and Data Architecture with 8 + years of Data Modelling and Data Processing for large scale Near Real time Big Data platforms like Redshift,Hbase, Druid, Snowflake 8+ years of Architecting End to End Self Serve BI platforms using BI tools like Tableau, Qlik Sense, Looker or like is preferred 8+ years of ETL knowledge and parallel processing technologies like Spark and Kafka streaming. 5+ years of Programming experience with either Java or Python or C, C++ in a Linux/ Unix environment Minimum 2 years of Working knowledge with cloud based solutions hosted on AWS Confluence, GitHub, JIRA are other tools and technologies preferred DSC CULTURE : We work in an open-air, freshly renovated office in the heart of Silicon Beach. As we disrupt industries and unseat corporate giants, our plan is to think big, but stay small. No egos. No jerks. No prima donnas. Just awesome folks who live and breathe collaboration and dig the perks like haircuts, weekly food trucks, and team happy hours. And yes, we have snacks. LI-CB1