Job Description We are looking for talented Software Engineers to create, develop, test, optimize and support data analysis and visualization tools that enable Intel to improve and optimize the semiconductor manufacturing process. As a Software Engineer, you will partner with other engineers in ATTD (Assembly and Test Technology Development) to create integrated software solutions which enable more consistent manufacturing, increased output and/or productivity for all of Intel's world-wide Substrate, Die Prep, Sort, Assembly, Test and Board manufacturing plants. These state-of-the-art systems are focused on giving engineers data analysis and visualization tools that improve the manufacturing yield, reduce process variation, reduce throughput time, or stream line complex workflows. _This is an entry level position and would be compensated accordingly ._ _The ideal candidate should exhibit strength in the following behavioral traits:_ Communication. Technical problem solving. Versatility/ Innovation. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. _Minimum Qualifications:_ Posses an MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related discipline. The candidate must have knowledge and experience with programming languages such as C .NET, Python and SQL. _Preferred_ _Qualifications:_ Experience Interfaces (UI) development using WPF or other UI frameworks. Client / server application development. A strong background in a math or engineering discipline such as Statistics / Machine Learning, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Physics, Material Science. Inside this Business Group As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.