_The role:_ McAfee Professional Services Consultant – Endpoint Security _Work Location:_ NYC, NY _Business Introduction:_ With the mission of capturing the biggest market share in the area of cyber security, network security, endpoint security, threat research, malware research, cloud security, we work together for a common goal of shaping the company’s future by designing and building the best in class robust and scalable security products for consumer and enterprise customers. As industry top performers, we aim to develop optimized high performance system software solutions with high availability and reliability. This is where you come in. We are looking for a new team member who defined by his/her unique and innovative skills, style or point of view. You can be an architect, scientist, threat researcher, or a coder as long as you design things that matters. _Job Description:_ The purpose of this role is to provide subject matter expertise in information security and governance with McAfee clients. Integral to this role is the ability to represent McAfee as a trusted advisor on information security. The role requires the ability to design solution architecture and evangelize both the solution and the underlying information security principles. Program and project management of the implementation of solutions and technologies is an important part of this role. The third part of this role is problem management, remediation and root cause analysis to enable process and technology improvement. _As an Endpoint Consultant a typical day might include following:_ Develops and delivers detailed IT solutions through consulting project activities. Responsibilities include client identification through final invoicing for engagements requiring varied interpersonal and technical skills. Technical responsibilities include problem identification, system architecture definition, hardware/software specification and/or design, implementation, testing, client training, and solution deployment. Performance is typically evaluated based on utilization, (i.e., billable hours). Project management activities include interaction with company and client managers and cost/schedule monitoring. May have some financial responsibilities including project cost estimating, proposal generation, and invoicing. May participate in sales and proposal presentations in addition to completing ongoing team account activities. Identifies additional product/services opportunities in customer organization. Performance is typically measured by the capture of the consulting engagement and/or delivery of agreed solutions within budgeted hours. _Responsibilities:_ Analyze and document client requirements and solution design for how McAfee solutions can meet these requirements now and in the future Maintain a good knowledge of other information security vendor's products and the competitive relationship to McAfee's products Requirements analysis and solution architecture for integrated network, data and personal computer solutions. Maintain and expand client contact at high levels and build credible relationships with key client personnel. Program and project management of schedules, budgets and personnel to ensure that projects are completed with a high level of technical expertise and professionalism. Identification and development of professional services opportunities for McAfee and business partners. To provide professional services as a subject matter expert in information governance and data protection for McAfee customers and business partners. To provide subject matter expertise on information governance and data protection within McAfee and provide assistance to other McAfee personnel. _Desired Skills / Education:_ 6-8 years of proven technical support experience Knowledgeable in Windows, Unix/Linux and Mac OS X operating systems and Directory management. Knowledgeable in network communication protocols (TPC/IP, RADIUS, Tacacs, SMTP, BGP, SNMP, HTTP/HTTPS, LDAP, Netflow). Knowledgeable of OSI/TCP-IP models Knowledge of security and information gathering tools (Snort, nmap, nessus, nslookup / dig, traceroute, hping, wireshark, tcpdump, netcat, netstat, nbtstat, Netscout). Knowledge of McAfee products Required: VirusScan Enterprise, Host Intrusion Prevention, SiteAdvisor, Application Control, MOVE-AV, VSE for Storage, ePolicy Orchestrator. Desired: TIE, ATD, Active Response. Optional: SIEM, or similar products from other vendors. Certifications in operating systems, networks or security would be preferred. Must be able to travel and work extensive hours. University degree in System Engineering/Networks/Programming/Cyber Security/Computer Science.Must have completed degree. Excellent communication and presentation skills as well as the ability to write complete reports An appreciation and knowledge of security technologies Ability to translate technical information into commercial terms for non-technical contacts Strong public presentation skills and a high standard of documentation. Understanding of Security products and where they fit within an organization to meet the client business requirements Understands market issues and trends affecting business and use of IT within various sectors Program and project management of geographically distributed projects. _Our Mission:_ To relentlessly protect all that matters through leading edge cyber security, from your workplace to your home and everywhere in between. _Our Vision:_ To enable a world where cyber security is so consistent, reliable and effective that it becomes a trusted foundation in our lives – like clean air and water. Our technology enables the world to fully realize the transformative power of the digital age, by protecting all that matters. By doing our job well, we drive limitless innovation, securely. _Join our Talent Community:_ http://careers.mcafee.com/ McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status. LI-EB1 DICE17 Job type: Experienced Hire Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, New York, New York Additional Locations: Posting Statement: McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.