Valid USA is a secure, make-it-happen partner. We are a global company with a market capitalization of more than $1 billion and 6,000 associates worldwide. Our job is to ensure every solution is seamless and secure - whether it’s for big data, payment cards, government issued identification, mobile financial services or highly targeted direct marketing campaign management. Our website is www.validusa.com. Valid Secure Packaging is seeking a talented Full Stack Developer with C experience. This is a crucial role within a mid-sized high security payment card production facility in White Bear Lake, MN. Our technology stack is mostly Microsoft / C based, and also includes AngularJS (Javascript framework) and MongoDB (an alternative to SQL server). What will you do? Use software development skills in C, Angular JS, and MongoDB to troubleshoot existing software systems to ensure zero downtime of production machinery. Work closely with data technicians to troubleshoot and develop tools for data file processing. Use software to develop automated processes to share and format secure production data. Ensure log information from production machinery is consistently processed and stored. Work with client services in order to accommodate new or changing client data requirements. Identify, recommend and implement process improvements related to programming needs. Work with IT infrastructure staff in the Chicago area to ensure PCI (Payment Card Industry) compliance. Ensure that PCI requirements are met, provide production support, and monitor quality data. Check log data files daily for quality purposes. Provide IT Support and troubleshooting skills. Manage variable data. Perform related job duties as assigned by supervisor. What are we looking for? At least 2 years of experience in C programming. Experience with EDI is strongly preferred (Electronic Data Interchange). Associate's or Bachelor's degree in technical field such as computer science, information technology, or similar major. Javascript experience. Experience automating processes with software. Familiarity with end point encryption (PGP) including an understanding of a Public Key vs. a Private Key - helpful but not required. Technical mastery of basic C and object oriented concepts. Experience using WebAPI, SOLID principles, and MongoDB - helpful but not required. Understanding of and experience writing unit tests. Willing to work on a wide variety of job duties on a daily basis in a fast-paced environment. Ability to work independently with little supervision. Willing and able to be on site to do most of your work (due to security requirements, most forms of remote access are prohibited). What we offer: Benefits include competitive pay, health, vision, dental and life insurance, 401(k), on the job training and much more.