Careers that Change Lives The Patient Care Software team is one of the most cutting edge groups within Medtronic, defining and executing on technology and architectural strategy using skills that span a variety of domains including Mobile Apps (Android), cloud, data analytics, web services, 2d/3d visualization, machine learning, and interfacing with embedded software for management and control of interconnected medical devices. As a Senior Software Test Engineer , you will be working with motivated, diverse, and knowledgeable development teams to deliver world-class products. You will be responsible for designing, implementing, executing and documenting test automation software for the next generation of Patient Care Software products. This role requires the ability to work as part of a team to realize complex, innovative, high reliability systems that improve the quality of life of people around the world. This is a highly trusted position that requires an individual to thoughtfully develop testing strategies and protocols with state of the art software practices, energy, and a passion to win. You will also be responsible to bring state of the art tools and methodologies used in today’s cloud- and mobile-based enterprise systems to integrate test automation throughout the software development lifecycle, including the DevOps pipeline, that complies with the Medtronic Quality System and that scales to meet future needs. A Day in the Life Lead a global test team to strive for functional excellence in all aspects of daily work Collaborate with leads and development engineers to build testability into the products Collaborate with DevOps to streamline the development and test process Share automation best practices and set high standards for the entire team to build consistent and maintainable tests and test automation frameworks Understand the testing effort by analyzing the requirements of the project Develop the test plan for the tasks, dependencies and participants required to mitigate the risks to system quality and obtain stakeholder support for the plan Track and prepare reports of testing activities Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. Designs, develops, and implements testing methods and equipment. Plans and arranges the labor, schedules, and equipment required for testing and evaluating standard and special devices. Provides test area with parameters for sample testing and specifies tests to be performed. Compiles data and defines changes required in testing equipment, testing procedures, manufacturing processes, or new testing requirements. Responsible for testing all customer samples and for special tests that cannot be performed in the test area. Must Have: Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field 4+ years professional experience Nice to Have Proficiency in Java Experience in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) Experience in developing test automation tools and frameworks with hands-on technical and programming skills Ability to organize and lead testing efforts Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Clarity and precision in verbal and written communication Experience working with geographically distributed teams Design/test experience with regulated medical devices Experience leading a team of engineers About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.