Primary Location: United States,New York,Long Island City Education: None Job Function: Technology Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Employee Status: Regular Travel Time: No Job ID: 18047755 Description About Citi Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our clients. Citi’s Mission and Value Propositionexplains what we do and Citi Leadership Standardsexplain how we do it. Our mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. We strive to earn and maintain our clients’ and the public’s trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards and making a positive impact on the communities we serve. Our Leadership Standards is a common set of skills and expected behaviors that illustrate how our employees should work every day to be successful and strengthens our ability to execute against our strategic priorities. Diversity is a key business imperative and a source of strength at Citi. We serve clients from every walk of life, every background and every origin. Our goal is to have our workforce reflect this same diversity at all levels. Citi has made it a priority to foster a culture where the best people want to work, where individuals are promoted based on merit, where we value and demand respect for others and where opportunities to develop are widely available to all. Job Description In this position, for Mainframe, the analyst acts as a liaison between Branches, Call Center, Commercial Business, Operations & Technology users and CTI ISA/GIDA in analyzing and setting up our Business users’ mainframe access in both TopSecret and RacF Security Complexes. In this position, for Eclipse, we have oversight of all of the entitlements and work with the Branches, Call Center, Commercial Business, Operations, Cards, REL, CSIS, AML, Risk Management, Fraud, IPB/AHS, Private Bank, PWM, Executive Response Unit, Collections users analyzing and setting up their Eclipse Roles and mainframe access in RacF Security Complex. Good understating of the mainframe resources, profiles and eLabeling procedures both in Top secret and RACF. Assist unit with the IAM Enterprise Role Effort with user and application analysis and project management tasks. Assisting unit with Mainframe resource cleanup project, analysis of job function and resources/profiles. Able to manage projects with proper process with Citi PMO standards (SDLC, Waterfall, Agile etc.) Knowledge of Retail Banking Business and Commercial Business applications. Hands on Experience with User Entitlement Management, provisioning and automation. Provide entitlement expertise for major projects, investigations and internal audits. Analysis and documentation of procedures for CitiMarketPlace access request repository. Internal Process Control Manual creations to Citi Standards Primary Responsibilities Review Mainframe requests from Retail/Commercial Staff members (Branch, Call Center, Operations and the various back office units within Retail who have mainframe access) as well as those outside of Retail/CBNA requesting access to Retail Banking applications (PBG, PWM, IPB, REL, Cards, Commercial, Collections). Review Eclipse US requests from Retail/CBNA Staff members and those outside of CBNA requesting access (PBG, PWM, IPB, REL, Cards, Commercial). Conduct and facilitate functional Business meetings, using webex, taking good notes, reading them back, distributing minutes and keeping track of follow-ups. Prepared to work release weekends for entitlement checkouts. Prepared to support night calls if the need be. Ability to run mainframe and Eclipse reports. Qualifications Qualifications Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience required. Excellent influencing, facilitation, and partnering skills. Exemplary written and oral communication skills, which can be leveraged to consistently succeed during Business interaction. Retail/CBNA/Commercial Applications knowledge. User Production Support experience. Excel Knowledge a must. Knowledge of Planview, RTC, JIRA and Microsoft Office to support project management activity. Knowledge Microsoft Office Suite. Knowledge of RACF and TopSecret Mainframe Security Complexes a must have. Must know MS Project and Project Management PMP a plus. Knowledge of Information Security CISS Standards