Position: Sr. Director, Clinical Statistics Company Overview: Synchrogenix, a Certara® company, is a global, multimillion-dollar regulatory and scientific writing company headquartered in Wilmington, DE, with US offices in Atlanta, GA; Thousand Oaks, CA; Cincinnati, OH; Philadelphia, PA; Raleigh, NC; Malvern, PA; Parsippany, NJ; San Diego, CA; Nashville, TN; Orlando, FL; Gaithersburg, MD; and Cambridge, MA. Synchrogenix has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Synchrogenix Europe Limited, headquartered in Daresbury, UK, with an additional office in London; and Synchrogenix Philippines Inc. (SPI), headquartered in Manila. Founded in 1986, Synchrogenix takes a unique team approach to projects drawing from the varied skills and backgrounds of its writers and editors. This approach enables Synchrogenix to bridge all functional areas within drug development, with the singular focus on regulatory/medical documentation. Regulatory writing is truly an expertise, and Synchrogenix’s 170+ permanent writers and editors are among the best in the world. Synchrogenix now offers additional technologies and services that expedite the regulatory process. These include: The only artificial intelligence assisted medical writing service in the pharmaceutical industry. This transformative technology helps clients to better meet global transparency and disclosure requirements. Submission Management - our suite of products consists of the solutions regulatory operations professionals need to efficiently manage and publish, validate and review eCTD submissions. Regulatory Services - submission and publishing services for marketing and pre-marketing applications as well as subsequent lifecycle submissions to support original applications. Document Management - an intuitive, affordable document management system that reduces complexity form a user perspective while meeting the same robust standards for security and regulatory compliance This combined knowledge makes Synchrogenix the consultancy of choice for life science and biotechnology companies worldwide. Synchrogenix was named one of the INC 500/5000 Fastest Growing US Companies in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016 and 2017 and has been named a Best Place to Work multiple times. Corporate Culture: Synchrogenix was founded on the principles of ethical business practices and high-quality work. It is a learning-oriented organization with a strong commitment to the idea that every individual—regardless of experience level—has something to teach and something to learn. Synchrogenix has built its culture on: Being fast and flexible, non-hierarchical, apolitical, and non-defensive Active participation—nobody sits on the sidelines Teamwork—the company’s success is important to all of us Cross-functional communication (lots of it) and a high-tech culture that works to have everyone on the same page Disciplined leadership that inspires passion and commitment Personal accountability Strong peer and management support for those who want to learn Job Overview: The Director of Clinical Data Strategies will serve as an expert consultant for our clients by being able to understand the sponsor’s raw clinical or non- clinical data and recommend collection, planning and integration that result in a streamlined process in a format acceptable by health authorities around the globe. The role will be responsible for preparing and data integration approach for client and producing the datasets in a format to address the needs of the clinical program, the writers as well as current and future development of regulations regarding dataset anonymization. One of the key opportunities for immediate impact is in pooling strategy, conversion to CDISC/SDTM standards for integration and pooled datasets to reduce the timeline for submission. By creating a standard efficient process, the role will evaluate how our AI technology can automate redundant or logical tasks both in the initial data set and within anonymization regulations and the meet the needs of the study. We need someone who can be a client liaison, can speak from a knowledgeable process perspective, future evolution perspective and be client facing. Managing the detailed, high-level overview of the specifications and metadata for all SDTM domains and mapping datasets from a non-CDISC structure to a CDISC SDTM structure. The right individual will be looking to lead the industry by changing the paradigm and reducing the bottlenecks in this process. Knowledge of PK/PD data and analysis is a strong plus in bridging the future of drug development. Responsibilities Utilize statistical modeling to prepare datasets Liaise with clients as an expert consultant to align integration strategies prior to delivery Translate integration plan into criteria for SAS Programmer. Innovate and identify opportunities for tech enabled capabilities Develop process, governance and training for service line and drive into operational models through education platforms and accountable parties. Create training Work with Director of Team Leads (in a resourcing and professional development capacity), Sales and Marketing, and Operations as business partners to drive process, growth and education Serve as an expert in the data strategies domain, giving presentations to clients and external organizations like (PhUSE, DIA, RAPS, etc.) Ability to build, manage and mentor a growing team to serve growing client needs Ability to work in a flexible environment by being able to jump in and add to other service areas or offerings Ability to evolve as industry trends evolve-challenge the status quo Strength and awareness on regional and global data standards and expectations Requirements Minimum of a bachelors degree Extensive experience with clinical datasets, SAS programming and setting clinical strategies 10+ years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry or consulting to the pharmaceutical industry The Ideal Candidate Is reliable, professional and discrete, and personable with business acumen Is a team player who is flexible with an extremely high level of attention to detail and enjoys collaboration Is deadline conscious with strong leadership and management of process Is self-motivated and solution-driven Can manage changing and competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Desires challenges, both technical and interpersonal Opportunity and Value for the Right Candidate Make an immediate contribution Be a critical driver to overall company success Variety — submission-level work across therapeutic areas Flexibility — custom schedules and benefits of “flex time” Stability — almost 32 years in business Support — a community of writers working as a team Grow – excellent potential for growth and advancement Learn – gain valuable knowledge and expertise for development and advancement (training provided); the ever-evolving pharmaceutical and biotech industries, and a niche segment, that is growing exponentially. Competitive compensation and benefits package _Synchrogenix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without discrimination on grounds of disability, sex or sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity leave status, race or national or ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, gender identity or re-assignment, marital or civil partnership status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Synchrogenix makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees and applicants. Synchrogenix only employs individuals with the right to work in the country/ies where the role is advertised. We are committed to fostering, cultivating, and preserving a culture of diversity and inclusion. The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self- expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation and achievement._