Job Description \--------------- The Metrology & Integration Engineer will be an integral member of the Advanced Photonics R&D; team and will be heavily involved in R&D; engineering and product development. The Metrology & Integration Engineer will be responsible for producing, developing and maintaining metrology systems, data collection, reporting and integration across various instruments and processes that produce and measure high-precision prototypes. This will require setting up and operating metrology tools and equipment, data collection and reporting, equipment maintenance and supplies, and evaluating and implementing new metrology processes in an R&D; testing environment. Candidates must be highly innovative and enjoy working in a dynamic and creative environment within a multi-disciplinary team. Responsibilities: \----------------- Drives metrology and data collection integrity and reporting across various metrology tools used in high-precision proto-typing and optical analysis. Drives metrology tool selection, qualification, implementation and use across high-precision prototyping and optics teams. Plans and conducts activities related to the development of new metrology development and implementation including researching current and emerging technologies, evaluating costs, quality, and capability alternatives, and driving development and construction of in-house tools. Pulls together metrology and data across various processes in concise manner to drive decisions and prototype development paths. Maintains existing metrology equipment; develops specifications, qualification plans, recommends, and helps acquire new metrology equipment.. Creates and maintains specifications, process of record and documentation for tools developed and utilized. Utilizes precision metrology systems to measure, examine, and test completed units and sub-units in order to detect defects, improve systems or processes and ensure conformance to specifications. Designs experiments; collects, analyzes and interprets data; drives technical problem solving; innovates creative solutions; and clearly communicates findings through presentation and reports. Provides complex design reviews and feedback for improvements in metrology as related to manufacturability, facilitating technology transfer from process development to commercial-scale processes for new product and process introductions. Works as needed to meet organizational R&D;, testing and production timelines and milestones. Qualifications: \--------------- Minimum 3 years of experience in hands-on R&D; engineering or prototype development metrology. Demonstrated experience working with metrology systems used in nano/micro-manufacturing and optics/photonics (such as micrometers, laser measurement tools, CMM, SEM, optical microscopes, ellipsometer, optical detectors, etc.) Preference given to candidates with strong knowledge of optics, photonics, optical engineering/science and optical metrology systems, lasers and opto-mechanical constructions Strong knowledge of data collection and organizational systems. Experience in statistical data analysis using JMP or similar tools. Able to work in clean-room environment for significant portions of workday. Prior clean-room experience is beneficial. Must be a strong team player with demonstrated ability to work with other engineers and technicians to support the delivery of projects. Demonstrated ability to multi-task and support multiple complex projects at the same time. Education: \---------------- B.S. in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical, Materials or Optical Engineering or related field with appropriate background. Additional Information \---------------------- All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines.