Sr Marketing Cloud Developer ( Job Number: 182908 ) TCF is continuing its push to being a leading digital company. To do so, we need to provide convenient, customer-focused experiences across our channels, products, and lines of business. To emphasize that commitment, we have created a Salesforce Center of Expertise. The Salesforce COE focuses not only on Wholesale and Retail Banking, but also on customer servicing functionality, data enrichment, marketing and selling tools, and customer acquisition. If you’re looking for a new career opportunity where you will be required to be a thought leader, play a lead role in expanding the Salesforce technology expertise of our company, and you want to be responsible for helping drive our most critical business strategies forward, TCF is hiring a Sr Marketing Cloud Developer. As a Sr Marketing Cloud Developer at TCF you will, under general direction, devise and/or modify procedures to solve complex application problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results. This includes coding, testing, debugging, documenting, and maintaining those programs. You will be competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of application engineering activities. Major Areas of Accountability Provide technical leadership in the analysis and review of existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with users, business analysts, architects and team members; Lead the evaluation and selection process for application packages, and advise on options, risk, cost vs. benefits, and impacts on business processes and goals; Work with senior leadership to participate in new investment proposal reviews and strategic roadmap creation process; Develop integration plans applying knowledge of software architecture and ensure for the incorporation of plans into integration testing process; Provide expert advice on complex system design issues and contribute to ongoing planning and development of systems enhancements; Identify and specify technical / functional requirements, resources and processes for a complex sub-system or major system modification required to meet user requirements; Create prototype designs for complex/ significant-risk projects; Serve as 3rd level support for ongoing maintenance and production issues Supervisory Responsibilities: Coach / mentor other team members as appropriate Minimum Qualifications Education Required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other technical field or equivalent work experience Preferred: Master’s degree in a related field Work Experience/Skills: Required: 7+ years of experience in complex engineering environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software engineering plan to deliver; Experience in creating and maintaining automations / data extensions and connector data transfer processes in Marketing Cloud; Excellent understanding of data dependencies and design for Marketing Cloud journeys and campaigns; Experience with different Marketing Cloud studios such as Email Studio, Mobile Studio, Contact Builder, Audience Builder and Journey Builder; Experience in integrating Salesforce Sales / Service Cloud with Salesforce Marketing Cloud platform; Hands-on development experience including Salesforce configuration and customization using Apex, Visualforce, triggers, Scheduled and Batch classes, etc.; Experience with AMPscript, HTML, CSS and JavaScript (all crucial); Experience with SOAP APIs, REST APIs and integration techniques; Experience with developing SQL with an RDBMS such as MySQL, Oracle or MS SQL Server; Experience in developing and maintaining user preference center within Marketing Cloud; Ability to perform administrator functions such as user management, profile configuration, data management, etc.; Experience integrating Salesforce Marketing Cloud with web analytics toolslike Webtrends, Google Analytics, etc.; Experience Developing and maintaining email templates within Marketing Cloud; Understanding of cross-browser and front-end development issues and render testing; Understanding of CAN-SPAM, email regulatory compliance and deliverability elements. Preferred: Financial Services industry experience About TCF Established in 1923, TCF has maintained a strong foundation. TCF has over 340 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail and commercial banking services. TCF also conducts commercial leasing, indirect auto finance, and equipment finance business in all 50 states, and commercial inventory finance business in all 50 states and Canada. Benefits TCF encourages open employee communications and promotes from within whenever possible. We offer competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits plan, and opportunities for career advancement. For more details on our benefits, click on the _Employee Benefits_ link on our career page. Proud to be an equal opportunity employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or other status protected by applicable law. TCF is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Primary Location : USA-Minnesota-Plymouth-Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N Work Locations : Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N 55441