The Research Study Assistant will provide essential support for research projects within Partnerships 4 Native Health (P4NH). This position will assist with human subjects applications and management and will assist with developing study protocols. This position will assist with data management and collection, preparing manuscripts for publication, budget maintenance, and day to day study oversight. Additional Information Benefits Competitive benefits available hrs.wsu.edu/benefits ______________________________________ The Position Study Design and Data Activities – 35% Assists with developing the study implementation plan for recruitment, intervention program and data collection protocols including materials and procedures. Assists with developing and maintaining tracking system for study participants; data collection; and all research documents to ensure adherence to study protocol and compliance to Institutional Review Board (IRB) regulations. Participates in developing database documents such as annotated questionnaires and codebooks. Reviews and assesses study data to ensure adherence to study protocol and compliance with IRB regulations. Gathers, records, scans, organizes, transcribes and verifies the accuracy of research study data; prepares data for computer input. Performs data entry and quality control. Assists the PI with preparing data summary reports. Assists the P4NH Data Manager with internal data audits. Prepares weekly reports on study progress to Principal Investigator (PI) and project lead. Assists with scientific review papers and manuscripts. Assists research lead with project related tasks such as gathering information for annual reports, creates PowerPoint presentations and proofreads reports, publications and other documents. Human Subjects and Project Implementation Activities – 30% Assist in the day-to-day implementation of all study procedures for recruitment, study intervention and data collection, maintains tracking progress to ensure study progress along established timelines and implementation of research protocol. Assists in developing and maintaining project manual of operation Recruits and screens new participants for projects and research. Presents all informed consent material for each new participant, ensuring each participant understands the study, the data that is being collected, and confidentiality. Performs data collection (questionnaires, observational data, medical records, record audio, video, etc.) Ensures data is properly stored according to policy and procedure. Maintains project files and participant’s documents organization system ensuring compliance to IRB regulation. Maintains confidentiality of participant records. Assists in the preparation of IRB documents. Assists in communicating with community agencies (clinics, labs, etc.) Problem solves challenges to recruitment, retention, and participant satisfaction with program. Assists research coordinator in preparing recruitment, data collection and study intervention reports to PIs. Schedules meetings and record meetings minutes. Travels as needed. Budget/Fiscal Activities – 20% Assists with purchasing including purchase requests, ordering and reimbursements. Assists with travel requests, arrangements and travel reimbursement requests. Ships materials as needed to project sites. Assists with coordination of payments to participants and billing procedures related to study visits including purchasing, tracking, distributing and internal audits. Program Assistance – 10% Assists with Center and program websites and social media accounts, including content revisions, upload of new information working with the communication team and others. Assists with creation and dissemination of promotional materials such as brochures and flyers. Assists in organizing and conducting outreach activities and events. Coordinates meeting plans including communications and space planning. Assists with the coordination of the Center’s special projects and events. Other – 5% Other duties as assigned. Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100% Position Term in Months 12.00 Monthly Salary $2,647.00 Position Qualifications Required Qualifications Two years of college level course work in a relevant academic area AND one year of appropriate experience OR equivalent education/experience. Additional Requirements Proficient with MS Office software, including Word, Excel, and Access. Must have strong written/oral communication and organizational skills and the ability to work independently and as part of a team on multiple projects. Work hours must be flexible to include evenings and weekends when necessary. Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license by the time of hire. Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated knowledge of and experience in working with Native communities. Experience working with individuals who are suicidal or have suicidal ideation. Experience working in a research environment. Excellent proofreading skills, and a strong attention to detail. Experience working with internet applications. Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 08/10/2018 Close Date 08/22/2018 Open Until Filled No Special Instructions to Applicants At the time of application, please be prepared to submit a cover letter and resume. Within the online application, please include contact information for at least three professional (3) references. Application materials should clearly communicate how the applicant meets all required qualifications and additional requirements. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134462P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Optional Documents