zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, WA; Reno, NV; Columbus, OH and Bethlehem, PA, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. As a member of zulily's Transportation team, you will be challenged to get merchandise from the vendor to the customers in ever faster methods. This position allows you to combine your knowledge of the industry with a willingness to challenge the status quo to create a great experience for our moms.In this role, you will work closely with zulily’s Fulfillment Centers and carriers. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES/CORE ACCOUNTABILITIES Manage the transportation providers being used by zulily Manage carrier performance to ensure financial and service goals are met Recommend changes to carrier base Manage carrier selection business rules Develop and maintain effective relationships with carriers Participate in carrier negotiations Work closely with internal customers to develop and maintain goals and processes that support the overall goals of zulily Identify and implement process improvement opportunities Develop and implement cost and performance reporting Challenge assumptions to drive the best possible experience for zulily’s customers QUALIFICATIONS The preferred candidate will have a bachelor or related experience in business, logistics, or a related field. 5 + years’ experience working in transportation ideally with parcel carriers Strong creative problem-solving skills, business acumen, and customer focus Strong written and verbal communication skills Able to work cross-functionally and to manage multiple competing tasks in a fast-paced environment Skilled in Excel and Powerpoint Experience with SQL or Tableau a plus zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.