Overview HonorHealth is a non-profit, local healthcare organization known for community service and outstanding medical quality. HonorHealth encompasses five acute care hospitals with approximately 11,500 employees and 4,500 volunteers, over 70 primary and specialty care practices, clinical research, medical education, an inpatient rehabilitation hospital, an Accountable Care Organization, two foundations, and extensive community services. HonorHealth is a leader in medical innovation, talent and technology with a genuine commitment to your growth. The health system's vibrant careers take place in an environment filled with opportunity and respect because we see the HONOR in you. Qualifications Education Associate's Degree in Computer Science or related field or 2 years experience in systems administration Required Experience Four (4) years experience in system administration or supporting operating system configurations. Required Licenses and Certifications System Administration certification (MS, Cisco, VMWare, Citrix or other related, etc.; recognized programs that indicate mastery of tools and techniques relevant to the assignment) Required Responsibilities Job Summary The Systems Administrator is responsible for supporting server-based applications, operating systems and services which includes configuration, maintenance, upgrades, scripting, monitoring, and troubleshooting. The Systems Administrator will make recommendations and coordinate the implementation of performance enhancements, upgrades, and replacements for corporate technology. In addition, the Systems Administrator will analyze, diagnose, trend and resolve problems or issues on multi-platform systems. The Systems Administrator will work with the user and client community on system integration and provide training to ensure smooth workflows with the organizations network of physicians and providers. Provides administration, technical support, and maintenance for specialized systems, servers and applications including but not limited to Microsoft Server 2010/2012, Microsoft Exchange, and Microsoft terminology. Maintains multiple forest domain, spanning multiple physical sites, including DNS, AD Group/User Policies, and DFS. Maintains security and integrity of server applications. Develops and administers user/systems rights schemas, quotas, and restrictions. Seeks to expand and maximize the use of existing systems and applications. Work on special projects to improve operating efficiency of technical/applications support. Maintains and updates disaster recovery procedures documentation to ensure retrieval on all data and system software. Reviews and makes recommendations for IT policies and procedures to management. Produces specialized reports/data/auditing. Analyzes data and reports for anomalies or indicators. Reviews productivity reports and problem records to evaluate performance of computer system in identifying opportunities for improvement and pro-active resolution of deficiencies. Works closely within the user community to analyze research and make recommendations for technical solutions to business problems. Recommends new systems software and applications. Reviews vendor reports or visits vendors to observe demonstration of systems software, operating systems, and applications. Participates in programs regarding technical support issues, product offerings, software evaluations, etc. Analyzes changes in software and operating systems issued by manufacturer, author, or vendor and determine impact on existing production systems, systems design, programming standards, and operating procedures. Reviews all designs, codes, and unit test plans where applicable. Coordinates the implementation, installation, modification, testing, training and integration of systems and applications and with the client community at multiple locations. Produces a detailed time line for each application installation and implement effective project control by monitoring the progress of the software installation and configuration while reporting the status to management. Ensures consistency and maintainability of existing applications by creating, maintaining, and enforcing standards/procedures for implementing technical solutions. Participate on project teams and committees. Represent the IT function at review meetings as requested. Provide cross-training with peers. Maintain current knowledge in new and existing software to ensure productivity, capability, and return on investment. Available for occasional off-hours emergencies. On-call.