Are you an experienced Data Analyst ready to make an immediate impact? Do you love the challenge of deciphering and analyzing complex data? If metrics and chowing are your thing, then we might have the perfect opportunity for you. About the Team: At ChowNow, our mission is to help local restaurants grow their business by improving relationships with their customers. We are passionate about serving the needs of over 10,000 restaurants to help them compete in an increasingly technical world. Our team works on products focused on restaurant clients and their diners, who transact over $1M daily on the ChowNow platform. We believe positive relationships make our team able to do more with less. You will collaborate, learn, teach, and experiment with new approaches to getting big things done together. Our team is located in the Playa Vista neighborhood and tech hub of Los Angeles — just a few minutes from both the beach and the freeways. We believe in equal opportunity for all, and you should, too. We’ve been named a Best Place to Work, have been certified as a Great Place to Work, and have a whole bunch of happy employees on Glassdoor. About the position: As our Data Analyst, you will work on our core products and business functions to help shape the future of what we build and how we provide service at ChowNow. Reports to Business Intelligence Analyst; No Direct Reports Specifically, you will: Analyze corporate and client performance data, discover and solve real world problems, propose new ideas to enhance product value, and build metrics and business cases to improve decision making. Focus on creating and improving corporate reporting frameworks and data visualization. You'll own everything from ad-hoc reporting to long term analytical and statistical projects that will greatly affect our business outcomes. Within 1 month, You'll.. Experience employee onboarding to absorb ChowNow’s mission, products, history, culture and toolsets. Obtain access to all datasets including our data warehouse, SFDC, Zuora, corporate library, Mode Analytics and others Work with various stakeholders, to understand business drivers, goals and actionable outcomes using analytics Be fully ramped building dashboards within Mode Analytics Within 3 months, You’ll.. Work with teams across ChowNow to improve the general understanding of performance within their respective products, services and platforms Assume responsibility for day-to-day data operations for data across the company Identify root causes of any data issues and propose solutions Create and improve reporting to drive business intelligence for executive team and other stakeholders Complete ad hoc data research requested by various department heads Research new data tools to streamline the utilization and visualization of our growing datasets Have gained deep insight into our client behaviors, diner behaviors, the definition of both success and failure at the client level, and general trends in our ecosystem Within 6 months, You’ll.. Completely own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions. Implement best practices in reporting, analysis, data integrity, and documentation Have designed and evaluated several experimental ideas for products and workflows Create and refine machine learning models to project growth, performance and various KPI’s Within 12 months, You’ll.. Earn trust and respect throughout the organization based upon your delivery of valuable insights and reporting. Automate dashboards and updates for decision makers to gather data on their own without assistance from the data team Influence product, sales, service and finance teams through presentation of data-driven presentations and proposals Have generated and tested dozens of new ideas which have both succeeded and failed and you have learned from the failures Be well on you way to creating a measurable ROI for the organization from the efficiencies that you have implemented and the new corporate opportunities that you have discovered You Should Apply If: You have a background in a quantitative or technical field You have knowledge of SQL and proficiency in Microsoft Excel You have experience working with large data sets You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of products and organizations You are an effective communicator to various audiences You have the capacity to remain flexible and adept at learning new tools You have the ability to implement new systems within a team atmosphere About Our Benefits: Competitive salary Ongoing training and growth opportunities A "best place to work" winner multiple times where we focus on creating a great employee experience Rock solid medical, dental, and vision plans Open Vacation Policy; paid holidays; we expect you to work hard, but still enjoy your personal life Six weeks of fully paid primary parental leave and two weeks secondary leave Employer contributing student loan assistance program Commuter benefits (including Uber Pool) Employee Stock Incentive Plan Quarterly Industry Speakers Series Quarterly Tech Events (Women, LGBTQ, Diversity, Inclusion) Consistent & fair leadership: we’ll share info, set clear goals, show you respect, and treat everyone fairly Enough freedom to spread your wings while still holding you accountable Fully stocked kitchen and cold brew on tap