The Chabot-Las Positas Community College District is seeking a Web Services Coordinator for Chabot College in Hayward, California. SUMMARY DESCRIPTION Under general supervision, provide support services to students and faculty for the Canvas course management system; provide technical support to District staff regarding a variety of distance education services. Representative Duties The following duties are typical for this classification. Incumbents may not perform all of the listed duties and/or may be required to perform additional or different duties from those set forth below to address business needs and changing business practices. 1\. Coordinate the maintenance of the Canvas course management system, including the development and implementation of new and updated services. 2\. Evaluate distance education program effectiveness and implement changes. 3\. Provide customer service to students; diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve user issues with Canvas; submit trouble tickets to Canvas administrator. 4\. Provide students with general information regarding Canvas, class materials, and other information and services. 5\. Promote distance education training, services, and workshops to staff. 6\. Perform needs analyses for faculty, staff, and administrators regarding classroom technology and distance education technology. 7\. Work with administrators, faculty, and graphics staff to plan and estimate the class schedule for distance education courses. 8\. Communicate appropriate changes, upcoming projects, and deadlines to staff, student assistants, faculty, administrators, and departments. 9\. Assist in the hiring of student assistants; train, supervise, and assist student assistants. 10\. Provide current and estimated enrollment statistics and other reports as needed. 11\. Update and maintain the Instructional Technology Center website. 12\. Maintain awareness of new trends, developments, and regulations in the field of distance education and related technologies; incorporate new developments as appropriate into programs. 13\. Perform related duties as required. Minimum Education and Experience Any combination of the following would provide a typical way to obtain the required knowledge and abilities. Education/Training: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university; responsible experience planning, developing, and operating similar centers; experience training staff and students; Experience: Two years of increasingly responsible user support or distance education experience. Minimum Qualifications The following generally describes the knowledge and ability required to enter the job and/or be learned within a short period of time in order to successfully perform the assigned duties. Knowledge of: 1\. Operations, services, and activities of a distance education program. 2\. Basic principles and practices of budget preparation and administration. 3\. A variety of software publishing/presentation programs that can integrate instructional materials. 4\. Techniques and methods of troubleshooting and supporting a course management system such as Canvas. 5\. College administrative functions and principles of modern business practices. 6\. Software and process documentation techniques. Ability to: 1\. Maintain working knowledge of current and emerging technology related to distance education. 2\. Take initiative and follow-up on projects. 3\. Adapt to changing technologies and learn functionality of new equipment and systems. 4\. Work independently in the absence of supervision. 5\. Plan and organize work to meet changing priorities and deadlines. 6\. Compile information and data and prepare reports. 7\. Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. 8\. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work. 9\. Work with and exhibit sensitivity to and understanding of the varied racial, ethnic, cultural, sexual orientation, academic, socio-economic, and disabled populations of community college students. Desirable Qualifications 1\. Experience working with Canvas. 2\. Experience with technology report writing, data and analysis. 3\. Experience leading professional development or training. 4\. Experience working with students, faculty and administrators in an educational environment. Job Work Schedule 40 hours/week, Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m., hours may vary depending on department needs, occasional evening and weekends required as needed, 12 months/year. Physical Demands and Working Environment