Overview / Responsibilities Wood is recruiting for a future need for a Technical Training Developer in Houston, TX. This position will report directly to the Training & Competency Manager. U.S. Only: Authorization to work permanently in the U.S. without sponsorship required. The Technical Training Developer will have a key role in developing, publishing, and delivering technical, service related content. The Developer will work with client and internal subject matter experts to storyboard, script, write, and publish needed content, while focused on best practices of adult learning. They will ensure all projects follow the Instructional Systems Development (ISD) approach. Delivery methods will include learning activities such as eLearning courses, training manuals, training aids, instructor-led lesson plans and examinations. Duties and Responsibilities: Facilitate training needs analysis workshops to determine training objectives and requirements. Prepare course training designs including objectives, content, sequence and methods. Oversee the planning and development of the course storyboarding and scripting process with the respective subject matter experts. Develop and/or edit class content provided by technical instructors into learning activities. Produce e-Learning courses, instructor led (ILT) courses, and other learning activities from the content and scripts provided from the storyboard, some to be used by the field team. Ensure all projects follow and ISD process. Ensure projects follow the established development budget and timeline. Provide train-the-trainer programs on ILT courses to respective client staff and trainers. Conduct some instructor-led training classes. Work with the graphics specialists to develop course collateral such as videos, photos, graphics, and animations. Technical writing and review projects as needed. Proficient in the use of Articulate 360, Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Frame Maker, Natural Reader, and other remote learning development software is preferred. Efficient use of Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Knowledge of best practices in the development of curricula for adult learning and retention. Background in technical writing with a training focus. Ability to teach classes to adults, with a focus on train-the-trainer programs. Skills / Qualifications Job Requirements Bachelor’s degree in related area and/or a minimum of 5+ years of experience in related field. Extensive background in adult education curricula development is desired. Experience in developing training for Oil and Gas, Refining, Petrochemicals, LNG or power clients is desired.