The Texas Education Agency is seeking a talented individual to join a team of professionals dedicated to improving the educational outcomes for all public school students in the state of Texas. This position is in the Permanent School Fund (PSF), a $34 billion perpetual public fund endowment that helps finance the state's public schools. The Financial Analyst I performs complex financial analysis and regulatory work. Work involves assistance in compiling, researching, verifying, reviewing, analyzing and evaluating portfolio transactions; provide daily support on conducting research on portfolio capital changes and processes capital calls and distributions; monitors cash settlements; electronically files and stores investment reports; assist in preparing portfolio reports; interacting with outside service providers and custodian to validate valuation data for financial reporting and supports strategic projects and process reviews. The Financial Analyst I is a member of the Investment Operations team and reports directly to the Director of Investment Operations. A successful candidate must be honest and ethical in all work; recognize the requirements of confidentiality; and be intellectually curious about investment financial data and reporting. The professional selected for this position will work under general supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment and is expected to help the PSF meet its performance goals and support the Texas Education Agency in fulfilling its strategic priorities. Individuals work under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Essential Job Functions: Provide daily investment operations support for assigned portfolios, process capital calls and distributions; monitor unfunded commitment status of alternative investment funds. Assists in performing reconciliation of TPSF financial data on a daily and monthly basis, as assigned and resolving position and valuation discrepancies and perform cash flow analysis. Maintain and utilize internal and external software applications to file, record and report various types of investments and financial reports. Assist in validating performance data, including the calculation of daily Net Asset Value (NAV) and investment performance against benchmarks. Assist in researching and preparing daily, monthly and ad hoc reports for investment operations team director, the portfolio managers and senior management as assigned. Support the portfolio managers by conducting research on corporate actions, formation and operation of investment vehicles, and present analysis of available options. Assist in performing risk and compliance analysis, as assigned. Analyze industry standards and make recommendations regarding investment operations procedures. Assist with the preparation of annual financial report schedules, as assigned. Attend investment operations-related meetings and training sessions. This position is driven by weekly, monthly, and semiannually deadlines. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a degree in finance or accounting required. Preferred Experience: A minimum of one (1) years' experience in investment operations, financial analysis or investment accounting. PC experience with financial databases and software applications to include Microsoft Office and Bloomberg. Advanced Excel skills preferred. Experience with public institutional investing principles and practices is preferred. Travel: 5% Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: Investment operations processes and controls. Securities accounting, procedures, and financial market operations; of research techniques; of statistical concepts and methods and their application to research analysis. Investment operations and controls, general ledger accounting, financial reporting and financial valuation principles. Investment performance analytics and concepts. Traditional and alternative asset class is preferred. Corporate actions and corporate governance issues relevant to publicly traded securities is preferred. Skill in: Mathematics, analytics and in the use of computer software applications, particularly Microsoft Office and Bloomberg. Reconciling financial and performance data within deadlines. Ability to: Apply financial research techniques to conduct exhaustive searches and evaluations of vast amounts of data using the Internet and other resources; Analyze, evaluate, and summarized financial data; Communicate clearly and effectively, both verbally and in writing, including writing management reports; Provide outstanding customer service to a diverse group of internal and external customers; Establish and maintain effective and professional relationships with a diverse group of internal and external staff; Be flexible and organized to handle multiple and shifting priorities while paying attention to details; Use sound, independent judgment to make decisions; and Be reliable and exhibit a strong work ethic and work effectively and collaboratively as part of a team. Note: Relocation assistance is not available for this position. A skill-based exercise may be administered at time of interview. Candidates are subject to background checking before being hired. Applicants who are strongly being considered for employment must submit to a national criminal history background check. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency, There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.