Summary: This position is responsible for investigating and resolving claims filed by shippers. These claims must be processed accurately, timely and in accordance with Company and Department standards and guidelines, as well as either OnTrac’s standard terms and conditions or specific terms and conditions in contracts with shippers. Based on system research, operations knowledge, and process knowledge, this position recommends claims for approval or denial. This position is responsible for generating credits on customer invoices and is also responsible for confirming customer invoices have been paid prior to generating check requests. This position is also responsible for handling some aspects of the subrogation process to obtain reimbursement from Regional Service Providers (RSPs) for claims which were paid due to driver errors. This position has a direct impact on the accuracy of facility claims expense and contra-expense, accounts payable, net revenue, driver recoveries, and customer satisfaction. Responsibilities: Evaluates and processes claims in accordance with company and department policies and procedures. Reviews and analyzes claim information, system comments, tracking scans, and contractual obligations for in-process claims in order to determine proper resolution and to identify and resolve errors prior to final resolution. Consolidates information from various sources to ensure accurate processing of claims. Analyzes and evaluates driver errors identified on claims to determine whether or not to proceed with subrogation. Generates subrogation invoices and communications. Adequately and accurately documents all pertinent claim and subrogation activity. Timely and thorough follow-up for all claims and subrogation issues. Communicates with customers, and other departments via phone, email, and FasTrac (internal software system) in a clear, concise, and professional manner to resolve any Claims issues. Tracks status of subrogation invoices and follows up on non-payments, non-responses, and disputes in a timely manner. Accurately processes claims and associated credits, subrogation, payments, and settlement deductions within various systems. Identifies issues affecting efficiency and quality and suggests process improvements. Exercises critical thinking skills and good judgment and remains knowledgeable in related company and department policies and procedures. Achieves teamwork, production, and quality standards in order to assure timely, efficient, and accurate claims and subrogation processing. Conveys a strong professional image and a positive attitude toward all assigned work and personnel. Works collaboratively with DDC leadership to manage processes to ensure effective implementation and support, and a positive experience for stakeholders through effective communication and execution of accurate, timely deliverables to meet established customer service levels. Maintains and contributes to a safe work environment by adhering to Company and Department policies and procedures. Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities This position requires: Critical thinking skills Ability to obtain a high level of system and product knowledge. Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills to effectively interact with internal and external stakeholders. Strong ability to multi task on the computer using multiple programs and windows for extended periods of time. Strong attention to detail. Self Starter, does not wait to be told what to do. Strong data entry / typing skills (Including 10 key) with minimal error ratio. Proficient in all MS Office software; including the ability to utilize Excel spreadsheets for reporting purposes. The ability to work effectively with various teams to accomplish organizational goals. The ability to effectively present information and respond to questions. The ability to communicate and interface with internal and external customers. The ability to analyze sequential information to arrive at the proper conclusion. The ability to read and apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written or oral form. The ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations. The ability to prioritize, maintain flexibility and complete multiple tasks in a timely manner in a fast paced, multi tasked environment. Tolerance for stress. Proficient in all MS Office software and custom company software. Successfully pass a pre-employment background check & drug screen. Organizational Relationship: Consults and coordinates with Department Manager and Supervisors. Works closely with Data and Document Control Center Staff, Operations Staff, Shippers, other OnTrac departments, and Regional Service Providers. May interact with various levels of management. Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee will work in an office environment. The noise level is usually moderate. Physical Demands: While performing the duties of this position, the employee is required to sit for long periods of time to investigate and/or complete system entries. Employee is frequently asked to read and analyze documents and system information. Maintain effectiveness under moderately stressful situations.