Who we want: Are you passionate about big data? Does running 20,000 reducers and 10,000 mappers excite you? Are you amazed thinking about using 60 instances of AWS R4.8Xlarge all at 100% CPU, 100% Memory (14 TB), and 100% network utilization with a 13x data explosion? You may not have heard of Bazaarvoice, but you probably have used our software on a regular basis… We provide consumer generated content to over 700 million devices and ½ billion unique users every month. That content is hosted and collected on over 5,000 brand and retail websites around the world. Our Mission: build the world’s smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers. If you want to build software that impacts over 500 million users, helping them make smart buying decisions, work with large data sets, build large distributed systems, and more, then take a look at the requirements below and submit your resume…even if meet most but not all. What you'll be doing: Our code base is primarily in Java, with Ruby based automation as well as the occasional scripting language tools. We maintain libraries used to create big data applications at Bazaarvoice as well as some of the applications that utilize these libraries to process large datasets. You will be responsible for maintenance and new features for the libraries as well as application level jobs that run on a yarn cluster, including Hadoop MapReduce jobs, Spark jobs and other related technologies. You will also be responsible for day to day operations of these jobs, including some QA and DevOps responsibilities as well as pager rotations. Who you are: BS in Computer Science or equivalent field 7+ years building software in a professional environment 4+ years’ experience with one or more of the following; Java, Scala, or similar language Proven track record of implementing complex software systems with a strong command of OO design, unit testing, code reuse, code reviews, run time analysis, etc. Familiarity with one or more big-data infrastructures such as Hadoop, Mongo, Cassandra, or RDBMS AWS or equivalent Cloud Platform experience Brownie Points: Experience in the design, implementation, and support of major components of an analytics solution Experience with Storm or Spark Familiarity with Maven, Hudson, Git, etc. Experience working with TB+ size data sets Experience performing large-scale analytics using Map/Reduce Demonstrated experience in the design and development of large scale, performant, and fault tolerant applications Experience in defining data to be captured, how it would be aggregated, and how to implement those mechanisms Experience building large-scale data processing systems with extensive knowledge in data warehousing solutions Experience developing prototypes and proof-of-concepts for selected solutions An understanding and experience building high-performance algorithms About Bazaarvoice Bazaarvoice connects brands and retailers to consumers, so that every shopping experience feels personal. From search and discovery to purchase and advocacy, Bazaarvoice’s solutions reach in-market shoppers, personalize their experiences, and give them the confidence to buy. Each month in the Bazaarvoice Network, more than a billion consumers view and share authentic content including reviews, questions and answers, and social photos across 6,000 brand and retail websites. Across the network, Bazaarvoice captures billions of shopper signals monthly - data that powers high-efficiency digital advertising and personalization with unmatched relevance. Founded in 2005, Bazaarvoice is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in North America, Europe, and Australia. For more information, visit www.bazaarvoice.com. Why join Bazaarvoice? We’re committed to client success: There are over 5K brand and retail websites in the Bazaarvoice network. Our clients represent some of the world’s leading companies across a wide range of industries including retail, apparel, automotive, consumer electronics and travel. We’re leaders in consumer-generated content: Each month, more than one-half billion consumers view and share authentic consumer-generated content, such as ratings and reviews, curated photos, social posts and videos, about products in our network. Last year, 135K reviews were submitted each day. Our network delivers: Network analytics provide insights that help marketers and advertisers provide more engaging experiences that drive brand awareness, consideration, sales, and loyalty. We’re a great place to work: We pride ourselves on our unique culture. Join a company that values passion, innovation, authenticity, generosity, respect, teamwork, and performance. Commitment to diversity and inclusion Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world’s smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.