Boingo Wireless is seeking an experienced Field Engineer who is familiar with working in a matrixed organization, reporting to regional management, and serving market customers; while collaborating primarily through our Director of Integration and Operations (DIO) with our Carrier Customers for High Volume Small Cell (HVSC) deployment and maintenance. This is a temporary role through year-end that may convert to full-time position. The ideal candidate likely has some hands-on experience with Sprint small cell (mini-macro) commissioning and LAN networking to integrate Direct Internet Access (DIA) fiber circuit turnup and/or cable modem (DOCSIS 3.0+) activation for Internet Access. Any formal small cell and LAN training, or Cisco certifications would be a plus. Three years of experience with troubleshooting layer 1 and 2 connectivity thru Ethernet cabling and Signal Mode Fiber is a must have. The candidate should also have experience in remote support through a dispatch/ticketing system. You will grow your technical knowledge-base through the hands-on experience gained in this position. You’ll handle customer-facing questions and issues, as well as dealing with Boingo sub- contractors. As our Field Engineer, you will collaborate with Boingo’s NOC, our carrier customers’ integration centers, and our retail partners IT staff to address issues and outage escalations 24/7/365 when required. Flexibility to travel needs, time management, and work prioritization skills are critical to the success of this position. The Field Engineer must be able to throttle between project deployment tasks, trouble tickets, proactive network performance monitoring, occasional sales support, and conference calls, as a mobile professional. The position will involve significant travel for onsite support/training of our installation resources. What does the Job Entail? Supervise installation of and maintain of HVSC systems in retail chains located throughout the continental United States Configuration, installation, and maintenance of the intermediary switch distribution network Co-support of the carriers’ small cell radios with connectivity offsite to their CORE network with support from our Network Engineering Team Primary troubleshooting of Cat 6 and fiber optic plants to achieve level 2 connectivity Network performance monitoring (bandwidth, throughput, end user experience) NOC-dispatched incident response Additional Responsibilities Company representative for occasional business client interactions to establish new and maintain existing business Project team member with tasks associated to design/install/commission Management of subcontractor services; installation, job closeouts, and as-built files Got what it takes? Experience with fiber DIA circuit turn-up and cable modem based services to enterprise customers Functional understanding of various central office network elements Hands-on experience with Sprint small cell (mini-macro) commissioning LAN networking to integrate Direct Internet Access (DIA) fiber circuit turnup and/or cable modem (DOCSIS 3.0+) activation for Internet Access Excellent ability to deal with customers’ concerns Meet Boingo Boingo Wireless, Inc. (NASDAQ: WIFI) helps the world stay connected. Our vast footprint of Wi-Fi and cellular networks reaches more than a billion consumers annually. From airports and stadiums to universities and military bases, Boingo helps folks stay connected to the people and things they love. Our team is creative, collaborative, and on the cutting edge of technology. (You can check out some of the awards we’ve won here ( http://www.boingo.com/corporate/awards/ ). humblebrag). But there’s no doubt the “secret sauce” to Boingo’s success is our incredible team and culture. That’s why we work extra hard to ensure our field team members – from Denver to Dubai – are included in all our fun activities like bowling, costume contests, trivia contests, and hosted lunches. There’s also an incredible benefits package including equity, health, dental, vision, 401(k) match, unlimited vacation, 12 weeks paid parental leave, and more! It’s no wonder we’ve been named among the Best Places to Work LA three years in a row! Boingo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.