Position Summary Responsible for accurately processing citations and other court documents / judicial paperwork through the Municipal justice system from initial contact through finalization. _ Applying to Temporary positions does not guarantee full-time employment with the City of Garland._ Essential Job Functions Provide customer service through various media to the public including explaining legal filing processes, calendaring procedures, fees, fines, jury service rules and/or other processes and procedures in response to Court actions. Obtain, process and review legal documents of all judicial departments for completeness, timeliness and conformity to legal requirements. Scan court documents to electronic format for ongoing judicial transference of information (Open Records request, research, management reports and etc). May prepare and update court calendars by scheduling court appearances and hearings; may review case files for completeness and further processing requirements prior to and after court proceedings. May update and advise staff of case readiness, trial status and courtroom availability. May prepare and issue writs, warrants and other official court documents and correspondence as needed by the Municipal Court. May process filing fees, cash bonds, fines, mail payments and account payments for citations, dismissals and judgments. Update case records by posting information to automated case file as rulings and/or payments are finalized. Preferred Knowledge - Abilities & Skills Education/ Experience: 6 months to 1 year advanced training past the high school level 2-3 years experience in a Municipal Court environment, Law enforcement agency or government customer service position and/or 2 years experience in a payment processing environment Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Basic knowledge of court services General knowledge of cash handling procedure General knowledge of accurate posting of financial transactions General knowledge of court and legal operations Excellent communication skills in both oral and written correspondence Skill in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Outlook, Access) Skill at accurately scanning documents and indexing Analytical skills in reviewing information Ability to handle high volume of data entry with precision and accuracy Licenses & Certifications  Valid Class C Texas driver's license Physical Tasks & Working Conditions The incumbent works in a typical office environment; because the work environment requires face-to-face interaction with customers the incumbent may be exposed to high stress, non-violent confrontational situations. The incumbent is expected to adequately use verbal skills to defuse interpersonal confrontation or conflict. Possible shifts: 7:30am-4:30pm, 8am-5pm, 8:30am-5:30pm Competencies Models Organizational Values Customer Service Interpersonal Skills Communication Problem Solving Dependability Adaptability/ Flexibility Productivity Quality Technical Skills Work Environment Safety Teamwork Managing Conflict Negotiation Skills Minimum Education & Work Experience  6 months to 1 year advanced training past the high school level 2 years related experience in a Court environment or law enforcement agency Or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the job.