Job Description Provide 2 nd level support on escalated workstation, telephony, and mobile related issues and requests. Effectively questions user to collect information and understand the issues they are experiencing, and perform diagnostic procedures to isolate and resolve the issues. Interact with customers via telephone, e-mail, IM/chat, and social tools, to provide technical support. Prioritize incidents and complaints to assure all SLOs are meet. Utilize all technical resources to solve customer problems. Escalate or work in tangent with appropriate support specialists or support groups on unresolved issues. Escalate hardware repairs to third party providers as needed. Maintains call records/logs and resolution detail utilizing case management solution, Remedy. Able to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing with management to express ideas in order to make informed decisions. Installation of workstation, telephony, and mobile hardware/software as required. Provisions and prepares workstations using standard images. Setup and install new workstations, loaners and other workstation related equipment. Maintain 100% accuracy/control in the asset database of deployed assets, recording/updating as needed. Communicate and provide knowledge transfer to other agents/technicians on issues/problems and resolution. Coordinate and execute workstation relocation requests Work with other support groups such as network operations, in assisting in the resolution of incidents or maintenance activities. Qualifications 4-6-year experience as technician supporting over 300 users. Knowledge Required Installation, configuration, and support of PC, Mac, telephony, mobile, and voice/video hardware/software. Support and troubleshooting of Windows 10, Windows 7, MS Office 2016/2013 suite and Outlook, OSX El Capitan, IOS, Android. Networking connectivity knowledge and troubleshooting. Installation, configuration, and support of local and LAN printers. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _“Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.”_