Requisition ID: 190775 Work Area: Customer Service and Support Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Who We Are Ariba, an SAP company, is the world’s largest business commerce network. Ariba combines industry-leading cloud-based applications with the world's largest web-based trading community to help companies discover and collaborate with a global network of partners. Using the Ariba® Network, businesses of all sizes can connect to their trading partners anywhere, at any time from any application or device to buy, sell and manage their cash more efficiently and effectively than ever before. Companies around the world use the Ariba Network to simplify inter-enterprise commerce and enhance the results that they deliver. Work with people who think big and dream big; SAP Ariba is helping the world run better and improve people’s lives. Be part of the team that designs and supports the cloud infrastructure for the world’s largest business network. Using Ariba Cloud procurement solutions, 3.1 million businesses operating in 190 countries trade 1.6 trillion USD in goods and services every year. What You Will Do Install and maintain critical systems running Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Suse Linux employing enterprise cluster applications in a 24x7 datacenter environment. Install, configure and maintain system applications including DNS, Sendmail, Bind, SSH, TCP/IP and NFS. Expertise in maintaining enterprise class storage systems and Netapp filers. Carefully follow and employ change control procedures leveraging industry standard change management tooling. Develop and maintain Perl and Shell scripts to enhance deployment and monitoring framework. Develop and maintain comprehensive documentation for multiple environments. Provide recommendations on system and process changes as needed. Provide support for 24x7 customer facing systems and participates in on-call rotation. What You Need 5+ years professional experience administering one or more enterprise level Linux operating environment. 5+ years professional experience administering network utilities such as Sendmail, Bind, or SSH. Experience with configuration management tools (Puppet, Chef, CFengine). Strong working knowledge of enterprise mass storage systems in a SAAS environment. Exemplary scripting abilities (Perl, Bash, etc.) Knowledge of Storage array networks, and how to provision vluns to hosts. Bonus Points Understanding of Veritas VXFS, VXVM and Cluster. Also known as Storage Foundation and Storage Foundation HA Understanding of NFS, and NetApp hardware. Creating volumes, assigning to servers and remote replication. WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: