Job Summary An experienced Database Administrator who will assist with maintenance and improvement of current database infrastructures, while also handling interaction with multiple outside data sources. Responsible for database performance tuning, security, developing high availability solutions, replication, and solution strategies. The Database Administrator will work closely with the Basketball Analytics Department, IT Department, and other members of the Basketball Operations staff. Principal Duties and Responsibilities (Essential functions) Monitor databases to optimize database performance, resource use, and physical implementations of databases; addresses a variety of database integration issues including migration between disparate databases, integration, maintenance/conversion, capacity planning issues, and new applications. Process and maintain data feeds from various sources via Rest API and XML/JSON loads (NBA, NCAA, G-League, etc.) Maintain availability and integrity of databases through multiple access schemes; facilitates sharing of common data by handling proper key and index management and data dictionary maintenance. Lead the development and documentation of databases features through change management software and regularly meets with stakeholders to review data integrity. Monitor and run database backups, logs, and journals; installs, maintains, and upgrades database software; restores and/or recovers data as required. Create, procure, and maintain various database related documents such as manuals and programmers’ handbooks. Support Basketball Operations in other tasks as required Required Skills, Experience, and Abilities Bachelor's degree or higher in a computer programming field (Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer Engineering, etc) Experience with SQL Server 2012+ is a must Experience with Rest APIs data warehousing and processing large JSON and XML files Experience with varied programming and scripting languages (Python, C++, Java, Ruby, R…) Experience with performance tuning and optimization Experience with clouded SQL library management software for documentation Knowledge of basketball data and basketball statistics Experience working with high availability database systems Preferential Skills, Experience, and Abilities Experience with cloud-hosted servers (e.g. Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services) Front-end development experience is a plus but not required Experience with Microsoft's SAAS Cloud's API (Office 365, PowerBi, PowerApps, SharePoint, OneDrive, Office Graph) Equal Opportunity Statement The LA Clippers are an equal opportunity employer. It is the Clipper’s desire and intent that all employees enjoy a professional business working environment that is free from discrimination and harassment.