Selligent Marketing Cloud is the world's leading independent provider of relationship marketing solutions, powering customer relationships for InterContinental Hotels Group, ING and Extra Space Storage and more than 700 other major brands in retail, travel, automotive, publishing, and financial services. Featuring enterprise-strength performance, Selligent Marketing Cloud's technology leads the industry in data management, campaign orchestration, and audience analytics. Selligent Marketing Cloud increases conversions and enhances engagement for mid-market to enterprise B2C marketers with its ability to deliver integrated, customer-centric experiences across email, display, mobile, and social. Selligent Marketing Cloud serves more than 30 countries globally, including more than 75 agencies and MSPs. Selligent has offices in Silicon Valley, New York, London, Belgium, Paris, Munich, Barcelona, and Australia. Join Us and Love What You Do! \----------------------------- If you are passionate about marketing, committed to customer satisfaction, and eager to transform the marketing service industry one innovation at a time, we want to hear from you. Job Description As a Web UI Engineer you will be part of a cross-functional development team and develop Selligent Marketing Cloud in a scaled agile setting, delivering mission critical features and ensuring the highest level of quality. Responsibilities Design and Implement features for Selligent Marketing Cloud Work on building cross-channel features Work on creating intuitive, extensible and open user interfaces Design/develop reusable frameworks, components, and services Participate in architectural and design discussions within the team. . Requirements BS/MS in computer science preferred or other relevant technical degree. 2+ years of experience in architecture, designing and developing user interfaces for applications. Excellent HTML, CSS and Javascript skills Experience with Angular Full Stack experience preferred (Front and back end experience) Experience with SaaS environment and/or Cloud Services is a plus Experience with backend technologies such as .NET and C is a plus Proven ability to work well with others in a fast paced, iterative product definition and development environment. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Selligent Marketing Cloud is an equal opportunity employer.