Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places, they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking - a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. We are looking for a Cloud Solution Architect Azure Infrastructure to drive high priority customer initiatives on Azure Infrastructure in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field. This is a technical, customer facing role that is accountable for the end-to-end customer cloud deployment experience on infrastructure workloads. This role will own the Azure technical customer engagement including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical infrastructure architecture discussions with senior customer executives to drive cloud deployment. Responsibilities Key responsibilities of the Cloud Solution Architect include: • Drive the successful development of applications workloads into Azure and increase their consumption of the platform by providing application development guidance, supporting development of the customers • Cloud adoption model and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers. • Establish deep relationships with key ITDMs and BDMs, who drive long-term cloud adoption within their company. • Identify, validate and grow opportunities to accelerate consumption in high potential customer accounts, in partnership with the sales team, by driving solution architecture for both Microsoft and 3rd party solutions. • Accelerate consumption in high potential customer accounts by providing deep technical expertise and support in the infrastructure-related workloads. • Lead deployment of projects, creation of collateral, and training of sellers and partners in your area of specialization. • Keep up to date with market trends and competitive insights. • Coach other technical sellers to become certified in required Azure technical certifications. Qualifications Preferred Qualifications: Helping customers architect scalable, highly available application solutions that leverage Azure services Architecting and developing customer applications to be cloud optimized Working as a technical leader along side customer business, development and infrastructure teams. Providing deep software development knowledge with respect cloud architecture, design patterns and programming Advising and implementing Azure best practices Working as both an infrastructure and application development specialist Implementing DevOps practices such as infrastructure as code, continuous integration and automated deployment Experience architecting highly available systems that utilize load balancing, horizontal scalability and high availability Hands on programing skills in any of the following: Python, Java, Node.js, Ruby, .NET or Scala Experience with continuous integration tools (e.g. Jenkins, VSTS, Travis, TeamCity) Hands on familiarity with Terraform, Azure Resource Manager, CloudFormation Experience with configuration management platforms (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Salt, or Ansible) Strong scripting skills (e.g. Powershell, Python, Bash, Ruby, Perl, etc.) Strong practical application development experience on Linux and Windows-based systems Extra curricula software development passion (e.g. active open source contributor) Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.