Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level? Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career. People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward. As part of our Advanced Technology & Architecture (AT&A) practice, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever- changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. Come grow your career in technology at Accenture! Job Description Data and Analytics professionals define strategies, develop and deliver solutions that enable the collection, processing and management of information from one or more sources, and the subsequent delivery of information to audiences in support of key business processes. Produce clean, standards based, modern code with an emphasis on advocacy toward end-users to produce high quality software designs that are well-documented. Demonstrate an understanding of technology and digital frameworks in the context of data integration. Ensure code and design quality through the execution of test plans and assist in development of standards, methodology and repeatable processes, working closely with internal and external design, business, and technical counterparts. Big Data professionals develop deep next generation Analytics skills to support Accenture's data and analytics agendas, including skills such as Data Modeling, Business Intelligence, and Data Management. A professional at this position level within Accenture has the following responsibilities: Utilizes existing methods and procedures to create designs within the proposed solution to solve business problems. Understands the strategic direction set by senior management as it relates to team goals. Contributes to design of solution, executes development of design, and seeks guidance on complex technical challenges where necessary. Primary upward interaction is with direct supervisor. May interact with peers, client counterparts and/or management levels within Accenture. Understands methods and procedures on new assignments and executes deliverables with guidance as needed. May interact with peers and/or management levels at a client and/or within Accenture. Determines methods and procedures on new assignments with guidance. Decisions often impact the team in which they reside. Manages small teams and/or work efforts (if in an individual contributor role) at a client or within Accenture