Subject to management approval, serves as Office Manager for the Chicago, Des Plaines and Tinley Park Illinois Gaming Board (IGB) offices; investigates complaints and monitors health and safety issues and the need for service and repairs. Works in conjunction with the IGB Human Resources Manager on personnel related activities. Performs studies and conducts research for Executive staff which is related to personnel issues. Exercises independent judgment by effectively recommending to the management revisions or implementation of new operating procedures, policies and directives. Supervises and reviews the activities of subordinate staff. Serves as Worker's Compensation Benefits Coordinator. Serves as timekeeper. Travels to other IGB offices throughout the state. Minimum Requirements: Requires knowledge, skill and mental development equivalent to completion of four years of college preferably with coursework in business or public administration. Requires one year of responsible administrative experience in a public or business organization. Requires extensive knowledge of the principles and practices of public and business administration. Requires working knowledge of the principles of personnel, statistics and procurement. Requires ability to develop and manage a small agency function program. Requires ability to analyze administrative problems and adopt an effective course of action. Requires ability to exercise judgment and discretion in developing, implementing and interpreting departmental policies and procedures. Requires ability to develop and maintain cooperative working relationships. Requires ability to travel to other IGB offices throughout the state. Specialized Skills: Requires extensive knowledge of the functions of the Illinois Gaming Board. Requires working knowledge of the Personnel Code and Rules and the AFSCME collective bargaining agreement. Requires ability to successfully complete Rutan training. Work Hours & Location/Agency Contact: Work Hours: Monday – Friday, 8:30 am-5:00 pm Work Location: Illinois Gaming Board 160 North LaSalle, 3rd Fl Chicago, IL (Cook County) Agency Contact: Illinois Gaming Board, Human Resources 801 South 7th Street, Suite 400 South Springfield, IL 62703 217-557-2821 Phone 217-524-1932 Fax OR Scan To: tammy.fink@igb.illinois.gov In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Illinois Human Rights Act, State agencies must ensure that the employment process is accessible to persons with disabilities. Specifically, these laws require that the State provide reasonable accommodations upon request by individuals participating in all steps of the employment process. This includes the State of Illinois Rutan interview process. How to Apply: Current State Employees: Submit an Official Position Vacancy Bid Form and CMS 100 Employment Application to the Agency Contact address listed above. A separate Bid form and Application is required for each Posting/Bid ID or your bid will be rejected. Current state employees seeking a promotion should also submit/mail a CMS 100B Promotional Application to CMS (address found in upper right corner of CMS 100B form). FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND SUBMIT THE NEW CMS-100 DATED REV 04/2018 WILL RESULT IN YOUR APPLICATION BEING REJECTED. If you are a current State employee wishing to transfer, you must submit an Employee Transfer Request form. If no Employee Transfer Request form is submitted, you will not be considered for the position. Non State Employees: Follow the HOW TO APPLY instructions/link below. Click Here for Applicant Information and Grading Procedures This position may require a current grade from Central Management Services (CMS), Division of Examining and Counseling, to be deemed qualified and available for employment consideration. For more information, please refer to the Work4Illinois website at Work.Illinois.Gov and select 'Application Procedures'. Additional information may also be obtained from the Agency Contact listed above or by contacting CMS, Division of Examining and Counseling at Work4Illinois@Illinois.gov or (217) 782-7100, (217) 785-3979 (TDD/TTY), (800) 526-0844 (TTY Only). Additional Documentation for Executive I: Option G2 \- Gaming Board Class Specification Additional Title and Exam Information These documents are in PDF format and can be viewed using Adobe Reader. NOTE: Salary amounts shown are only to be used as a guide; actual salary will be determined at the time of hire based on current salary plans and/or collective bargaining agreements, if applicable.