Desktop Administrator will provide Help Desk support services to NSWCPD users and assist in maintaining Win XP and Win 7 desktop functionality. Desktop administration shall to include the following: Provide first-level usage support for locally developed applications deployed within NSWCPD. Design, plan, implement, and use database management software to add, delete, and update user information. Test and evaluate newly integrated software and modifications to current system and application software. Provide guidance to the Division's scientific and engineering community which utilize the provided networking, security, and other system services. Troubleshoot user problems to determine whether they are hardware, software, procedural, or communication related and routing the problem to the correct support party for resolution. Monitor Division-wide systems on a daily basis to find and correct problems with disk usage, hardware, and software. Track usage and problem history through Help Desk software. Install devices on the network including activating the network port, configuring the device on the network, installing standard software configurations, and updating databases with device information. The candidate will also provide support for NMCI related issues. This support may include the following: Customer support on contract line (CLIN) options, submitting Move/Add/Changes, ordering policies, and general NMCI policies. Perform data entry into Navy standard and local unique systems. Gather metrics for status reporting. Maintain NSWCCD user information to ensure NMCI orders reflect current user data such as name, organizational code, physical location and gathering data where required. Track problem reporting and resolution. Coordinate NMCI service delivery. Educational/Experience Requirements: Minimum of IAT Level I Certification (Microsoft desktop and CompTia Sec + certifications) A minimum of 2 years' experience required. Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance. EHS Technologies Corporation is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.