Company: CableCom is a leading provider of engineering, construction, and testing services for coaxial and fiber optic cable systems. With headquarters in Bothell, Washington, just outside of Seattle, we have 17 locations throughout the Western Region of the US. Founded in 1978, CableCom is a subsidiary of Dycom Industries – one of the largest telecommunication infrastructure companies in the U.S., with approximately 14,000 employees and over 40 subsidiaries. Every day at CableCom, we work to improve the way information is shared and communicated through the execution of innovative technology projects. Join us in Bothell, Washington, where you can be a part of a team dedicated to providing world class customer service. Overview: CableCom LLC seeks a Payroll Administrator to join our corporate team in Bothell, Washington. Compiles payroll data to prepare weekly checks; maintains employee records; acts as a resource to the field offices to answer common questions. Responsibilities : The Payroll Administrator reports to the Payroll Manager, this person will be responsible for compiling payroll data to prepare weekly checks; maintains employee records; acts as a resource to the field offices to answer common questions. Payroll: Compiles payroll data and enters into payroll and accounting systems. Reviews calculated wages and corrects errors to ensure accuracy of payroll. Records changes affecting net wages (such as exemptions, insurance coverage and pay rate changes for each employee) to update master payroll records. Records data concerning transfer of employees between job site locations and other subsidiaries. Prepares periodic reports of earnings, taxes and deductions. Prepares and issues paychecks to 1,100+ employees across four states. Prepares depository information for weekly deposits. Prepares various payroll tax returns. Responds to various agencies regarding inquires for past and present employees. Set up of new employees in payroll and accounting systems. Maintains employee files utilizing UltiPro. Processes termination checks according to state and federal laws. Prepares weekly garnishments. Processes absence request forms and updates records accordingly. Assist Payroll Manager with audit or legal requests. Other tasks as assigned. Benefits: Assists with open enrollment as needed. Acts as a backup to FMLA Leave Administrator. Processes benefit enrollment and life event requests as needed. Other tasks as assigned. Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; uses technical skills to ensure accuracy; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills. Customer Service - Responds promptly to customer needs; solicits customer feedback to improve service; responds to requests for service and assistance while providing five star customer service; meets commitments. Interpersonal Skills - Maintains confidentiality and fosters positive working relationships. Oral Communication - Listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions from employees, co-workers and management. Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively. Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner; reacts well under pressure; treats others with respect and consideration; follows through on commitments and works well with deadlines. Quantity - Completes work in timely manner. Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent. Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies Payroll Manager with an alternate plan. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience - Associate's degree (A. A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or 5 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Skills - Ability to read and interpret documents clearly. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively. Mathematical Skills - Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest and commissions. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Reasoning Ability - Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written or oral form. Ability to deal with problems involving several variables in standardized situations. Computer Skills - To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Accounting software; Database software; Human Resource systems; Internet software; Payroll systems; Spreadsheet software and Word Processing software. Ad-hoc reporting utilizing ADP or Ultimate software. Multi-state payroll experience (CA ideally) Ability to meet deadlines and work well under pressure. A fast paced learner who loves to learn new systems and processes. Tech savvy. Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Word. Sitting 6-8 hours daily Standing 0 to 2 hours daily Bending/Twisting 0 to 2 hours daily Repetitive Motion(grasping, manipulation) 0 to 2 hours daily Lift & Carry (weights of 0 to 30 lbs.) – occasionally Company Benefits Include Competitive Pay Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Plans Flexible Spending Accounts Retirement Savings Plan (401K) with company matching Stock Purchase Plan Short & Long Term Disability Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance Paid Holidays and Vacation (PTO)