DNAnexus combines expertise in cloud computing and bioinformatics to create the global network for genomics, operating in North America, Europe, Asia- Pacific (including China), South America, and Africa. The secure, scalable, and collaborative cloud-based DNAnexus Platform helps thousands of researchers across a spectrum of industries – biopharmaceutical, bioagricultural, sequencing services, clinical diagnostics, government, and research consortia – accelerate their genomics programs globally. Headquartered in Mountain View, CA, our company is supporting customers around the world that are tackling some of the most challenging and exciting opportunities in human health and more. The field of genomics represents an untapped opportunity to use new approaches in machine learning and deep learning to drive improvements to human health. DNAnexus is a company with access to the key ingredients to apply this – large scale cloud compute, large labeled datasets, and partnerships with entities applying genomics in clinical practice. DNAnexus is the leading company in cloud genomics and bioinformatics. The DNAnexus cloud platform holds tens of petabytes of data from our customers at the forefront of clinical diagnostics, pharmaceutical research and development, and large scale academic consortia. The Machine Learning/Deep Learning scientist will leverage the extensive data on DNAnexus and our partner team at cloud partner companies Google and Microsoft to develop new applications of machine learning and deep learning to genomics. The Machine Learning/Deep Learning scientist will work in a team of both genomics experts and machine learning experts. This team will collaborate to determine the right problems to solve, the best way to structure features, data, and labels, and the correct training and evaluation strategies. Specific responsibilities include: Train, evaluate, and productionize machine learning models to genomics questions Collaborate with genomics experts to structure genomics problems in a tractable manner for machine learning and deep learning approaches Collaborate with customer and partner teams in the practical application of these machine learning models Qualifications/Experience B.S./M.S. in computer science with specialization in machine learning or deep learning at 3+ years of industry experience OR Ph.D in computer science with specialization in machine learning or deep learning. Knowledge and skills Mastery of machine learning concepts Strong programming ability in Python (strong ability in C++ a plus) Experience with TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, or similar framework Prior experience working in collaborative coding – familiarity with git or other version control Prior experience in taking a machine learning application from ideation into production Background knowledge or experience in bioinformatics or genomics is a plus, but is not required Strong grasp of scientific method and hypothesis-driven investigation Good communication and collaboration skills DNAnexus is experiencing rapid growth and is searching for the best talent to join our team. We are headquartered in in Mountain View, with additional offices in San Francisco and Boston. Our key investors include Google Ventures, TPG Biotech, Wuxi NextCODE and Claremont Creek.