This Microsoft Political Action Committee (MSPAC) Specialist position is part of Microsoft’s U.S. Government Affairs team within the Corporate, External and Legal Affairs (CELA) Department. The job is based out of our main campus in Redmond, WA, and reports to the MSPAC Director, who is also based in Redmond. Responsibilities - MSPAC Management: Assist MSPAC Director in day-to-day operation of the PAC, working closely with other members of the U.S. Government Affairs (USGA) team, who oversee the company’s engagement with federal and state elected officials and candidates. - Membership Recruitment: Assist PAC membership recruitment and fundraising among eligible employees at Microsoft headquarters in WA State, and at regional campuses and offices across the US. Organize membership drives and leverage high-value events and membership benefits to engage employees - requiring effective outreach, tracking, and follow-up. - Fundraising: Also assist MSPAC-hosted political fundraising efforts on behalf of the company utilizing and building upon existing employee, alumni, and friends of Microsoft networks – requiring effective outreach, tracking, and follow-up. - Communications and Outreach: Help manage effective and responsive communications and engagement with MSPAC members, the eligible employee class, and Microsoft alumni - utilizing email, social media, face-to-face meetings, conference calls, event live-streaming, etc. - MSPAC Speaker Series: Coordinate and support one of the best corporate speaker series in the country, which includes arranging and hosting as many as 40 high-profile speakers a year coming to our main Redmond campus, while helping drive value-added speakers where possible at our regional campuses around the country. Requires strong event management and cross-group collaboration skills. - Campus Visits Program: Coordinate and support various visits to campus of US federal, state and local government officials, staff, elites, and high-value third-party groups. Involves working with pertinent USGA team members to build agendas and programs – all in an effort to drive the company’s policy and business objectives. - Operations: Maintain PAC budgets; manage contribution approval, bank deposit and check-cutting process; prepare regular reports on membership and finances; and manage MSPAC vendor relationships. Work with website vendor to ensure effective deployment and use of PAC website, content updates, and periodic refreshes. - Compliance: Work closely with USGA team members and CELA’s internal compliance team, and outside legal counsel to ensure 100% compliance with all internal policies as well as applicable, federal, state, and local gift, PAC and campaign laws and requirements. - Collaboration: In almost all areas of responsibilities highlighted above, the MSPAC Specialist will work in close coordination with other relevant USGA and CELA colleagues. - Travel: Some domestic travel will be required, e.g., 10-15% of the time. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree. 3-5 years of applicable experience (e.g., project or event management, political, fundraising, etc). Appreciation of the political process and general understanding of the public policy-making process at the federal and state levels. Professional maturity and ability to effectively interact with corporate executives, government officials and political candidates, and other influentials. Highly ethical and strong sense of integrity. \- Strong organizational skills and technical knowledge, with experience utilizing spreadsheets and tools needed to manage budgets and related processes - with attention to detail and accuracy. Additional Skills: Ability to successfully multi-task, meet deadlines and goals, and adapt quickly to changing environments and needs. Client service attitude with focus on client care and quick, efficient responsiveness and with strong interpersonal awareness. Bias for action and responsiveness within USGA and CELA team, and across the company with MSPAC members. Strong collaboration and communication skills (oral and writing). Self-motivated, resourceful, and problem-solver. The above description is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by an employee in this position. The actual duties, responsibilities and qualifications may vary. Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and strongly supports workforce diversity. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.