As a global specialty retailer, Banana Republic is focused on delivering versatile, contemporary classics. Our customers seek to make the most of every moment. How we do it is just as important as what we do. We value people who are confident, optimistic and curious, because we believe in unleashing creativity and greatness every day. OVERVIEW Banana Republic is a global apparel and accessories brand that delivers style for a life with no boundaries. Our customers have an explorer spirit and so does our team. If you share our passion for discovery and creativity, we want you on our team. The Banana Republic Store Operations team is responsible for providing the tools, resources and information to field employees to support store sales, drive efficiency, and ensure financial and operational goals are met. We build partnerships across HQ and field teams to operationalize & activate our store strategy – finding the best ways to bring it to life for our twenty thousand field employees across the globe, with the ultimate goal of delivering a consistent customer experience. The Project Manager of Reporting and Analytics will plan, manage and track results and coordinate data from various systems to provide strategic guidance to Operations leaders based on key performance metrics. This role reports into the Senior Manager of Profitability. ORGANIZATIONAL LEADERSHIP Builds strong cross-functional partnerships at all levels with BR Store Operations, Store Leadership Teams, Upper Field Leaders, Gap Inc. Product Development, Field Finance, Company Planning, Store Planning and others. Represents Stores and Store Operations with other business partners; acts as an advocate for Stores. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Execute field facing reporting on a weekly and monthly basis. Generate and maintain information feeding all store reporting systems. Build reporting for strategic field initiatives and tests. Perform quantitative and qualitative analysis, including financial modelling. Coordinate and input data from varying systems and business partners to accurately report business performance and adjust as needed. Provide strategic guidance to Operations leaders based on key performance metrics. Drive continuous improvement in the reporting of relevant data to the field, including technological enhancements. Plan, manage, and track results of multiple workstreams with responsibility for coordinating efforts between various functional departments. Collaborate reporting data sources with key business partners and stakeholders on an ongoing basis. Analyze and communicate opportunities, and synthesize insights to make recommendations. Flex to other departmental needs as required. Builds strong cross-functional partnerships at all levels with BR Store Operations, Store Leadership Teams, Upper Field Leaders, Gap Inc. Product Development, Loss Prevention, Human Resources, Field Visual and others. Represents Stores and Store Operations with other business partners; acts as an advocate for Stores. KEY EXPERIENCES Problem Solving: Articulates successful response to challenging situations utilizing available data while considering alternative solutions. Detail Orientated: Demonstrates attention to detail in the creation of processes with disciplined organization and process‐oriented skills. Experimentation: Analyzes data gathered to understand outcome of pilot, test or company rollout. Continuous Learning: Articulates and embraces challenges; learns from and seeks information that can result in improved business results Innovation: Demonstrates ability to effectively brainstorm on reporting needs and implement new ideas and solutions with the team, business partners and brand counterparts. Communication: Ability to translate complex financial and quantitative data to audiences of varying levels of understanding at all levels within the organization. Time Management: Demonstrates ability to manage multiple tasks and projects to prioritize and adapt appropriately. Ambiguity: Adapts and continues to perform through change and ambiguity. BA/BS or equivalent experience in Business, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or Engineering. Advanced experience with Microsoft Excel and Access. Proficient in Word and PowerPoint. Retail Stores experience preferred. KEY BENEFITS: Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry. Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice. Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay. Employee stock purchase plan. Employees receive medical, dental, vision and life insurance. Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement. Family care programs. Commuter benefits. Pet Discount Program. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. In 2016, Gap Inc. was named one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the thirteenth consecutive year and was the sole winner of the Catalyst award for equality in the workplace in 2016.