Applies advanced IT professional concepts and campus / medical center / OP objectives to resolve highly complex issues in one or more IT areas of specialization where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Recommends and may select methods, techniques and evaluation criteria to obtain results. Support of UCSF Medical Center Clinical Systems including SOM, Campus, and Medical Center for all IBM and Linux systems, Storage Architecture, and backups. Required Qualifications Minimum ten years experience with Unix/Linux systems Five to seven years experience with Enterprise storage arrays Epic Certification Cache DBA Unix Certification Storage Certification Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training In-depth knowledge of various areas of IT; broad knowledge of the IT environment Advanced skills associated with programming design, modification and implementation; advanced knowledge of secure software development; demonstrated ability to create software specifications Demonstrated advanced knowledge, skills and abilities associated with system problem identification and resolution; knowledge necessary to design, set up, operate and correct malfunctions involving technology systems Advanced knowledge of business and process analysis functions; knowledge of the design, development and application of technology and systems to meet business needs Demonstrated experience with database administration; advanced knowledge of database management systems and standards; knowledge relating to highly complex database system design; advanced database querying and modeling skills working with moderately complex databases; knowledge of conceptual database design; skills necessary to develop procedures and standards relating to database management systems; skills associated with implementing database enhancements that improve performance and reliability of the system at the software, hardware and operating system level Familiarity with logical data design and data mapping or data conversion Advanced knowledge of computer security tools, best practices and policies including demonstrated experience securing server-based software; advanced knowledge of computer security tools, best practices and policies Knowledge of test application code in client server environment Ability to write technical documentation in a clear and concise manner Demonstrated comprehensive understanding of how system management actions affect other systems, system users and dependent / related functions Experience in data integration and the specification of data services Familiarity with data quality and governance issues and requirements Technical skill to develop, implement and test disaster recovery functions using backup technologies Demonstrated project management skills Interpersonal skills sufficient to work with both technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization; ability to elicit and communicate technical and non-technical information in a clear and concise manner Works independently and as part of a team. Demonstrated problem-solving skills; ability to learn effectively and meet deadlines; demonstrated skill leading technical teams, including organizing workflow and scheduling assignments The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications N/A Licensure/Certification Epic Certification Cache DBA Unix Certification Storage Certification Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve.