Forcepoint is transforming cybersecurity by focusing on what matters most: understanding people’s intent as they interact with critical data and intellectual property wherever it resides. Our uncompromising systems enable companies to empower employees with unobstructed access to confidential data while protecting intellectual property and simplifying compliance. Based in Austin, Texas, Forcepoint supports more than 20,000 organizations worldwide. For more about Forcepoint, visit www.Forcepoint.com and follow us on Twitter at @ForcepointSec. Network Security Architect Team: Security & Governance Location: Austin, TX Job Description Are you a person who love challenges and taking risk? Do you get charged with leading change and outcome driven projects leveraging technology? Are you looking for sharpening your skills working with business leaders? If the answers is YES to any of the questions, then this is the dream job you are looking for. Forcepoint is looking for a Network Security Architect to plan, design, build, automate and guidance to run the global network infrastructure. The ideal candidate has strong experience with Layer 2/3 Routing and Switching technologies supporting multiple global offices and data centers. The Network Architect will ensure development of and compliance to established system reference architectures, compliance to regulations and security policies, define standards and best practices, and author and maintain roadmap strategy documentation. This individual needs hands-on experience designing, configuring and deploying low latency, self-healing, highly redundant global network infrastructure utilizing IP Transit, Metro links, DMVPN, SDN, MPLS and WAN acceleration technology sets, with the Security First mind-set. This is a hands-on role that will interact with peer Architects/SMEs and all levels of the Business. The individual is a self-starter and has the ability to operate effectively and independently even with ambiguity. Essential Functions Responsible for designing, documenting, and implementing network infrastructure for both on-prem and hybrid cloud infrastructure Review and audit the existing network infrastructure for performance, scalability, elasticity, security, and availability Design the infrastructure to accommodate the HIGH-LOW trust needs from the business with appropriate segmentation architecture leveraging Forcepoint Network Security products as appropriate Create and maintain infrastructure standards which include software and hardware lifecycle, configuration management, policies, and BCDR Create tooling and automation to continuously improve the monitoring, management and reliability of our network infrastructure Provide technical leadership to less experienced members of the team and across the company. Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to network. Serve as the final escalation point to operational issues as necessary Participate in the Enterprise Architecture Board and provide technical guidance in the areas of Network Architecture and Security Be the lead with the Forcepoint R&D; and Product Management for the Network Security products, and drive the Forcepoint-on-Forcepoint program with rigor and elegance. Education, Experience, and Skills Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience related to Information Technology 3+ years as a Technical Leader or Architect 5+ years in a Network Engineering role Deep expertise with Tier 1 transit providers and peering exchanges, with expertise in BGP and OSPF Deep expertise with cloud scale datalink layer features including STP, VLAN tagging, and ARP Deep expertise in layer 2 and layer 3 knowledge including but not limited to DNS, DHCP, NTP, TCP/UDP, IP protocols Deep expertise with network security management, with expertise in NGFW, CASB, etc. Strong experience with network automation (SDN, traffic shaping and QoS) Experience with the design and deployment of SD-WAN technologies Experience with the design and deployment of VOIP technologies is a plus Experience with Juniper, Arista, Forcepoint and Cisco network technologies Strong verbal and written skills and the ability to communicate with varying levels in the organization About Forcepoint Forcepoint is transforming cybersecurity by focusing on what matters most: understanding people’s intent as they interact with critical data and intellectual property wherever it resides. Our uncompromising systems enable companies to empower employees with unobstructed access to confidential data while protecting intellectual property and simplifying compliance. Based in Austin, Texas, Forcepoint supports more than 20,000 organizations worldwide. For more about Forcepoint, visit www.Forcepoint.com and follow us on Twitter at @ForcepointSec.