We are hiring a network architect to support our data center network team. On this team you’ll have tons of opportunities to flex your strengths as well as learn and build new things. Leave the legacy tech for the history books, no frame relay or ISDN here. We adopt technologies (Nexus 9K, VXLAN, Palo Alto, Aerohive, to name a few) that continuously ensure our designs are stable, highly available, automated, and fast. About the team: We design and deploy leading edge, network architectures to provide the data highway for our growing our e-commerce platform and internal applications. We keep it light and fun. Life is short, and our mission is challenging. Laughter is key. We work with Tech Industry giants and OEMs to deliver solutions that push the envelope of what is possible in cloud and enterprise networking. We do the engineering in house, and we build and manage a data network that can meet the needs of a hyper-scale, hyper-growth e-commerce business. We act as part of global team in a visionary technical ecosystem providing infrastructure engineering and operational services in a 24x7x365, always on environment. We dig into our data and get familiar with capacity analysis, predictive trends, and anomalies. We maintain our Data Center and WAN infrastructures by performing lifecycle upgrades, adding new gear, and rolling out new solutions. We respond quickly to on-call and SEV events and act as partners to get to the answers quickly. We are highly respected by our internal technical peers and it shows – we win awards. About You: You thrive in a fast-paced environment where you are empowered to use your technical and business skills to drive large, complex projects from start to finish without oppressive oversight. You have a desire to automate everything, even if that means you need to learn how to program in Python & REST. You possess very strong troubleshooting skills and have a desire to jump in and solve problems. You have a curious technical appetite and an aptitude for learning advanced network technologies like SDN (Cisco ACI), VXLAN, overlay and underlay routing, SDEdge, SDAccess, SDWAN etc. You love data, and you think analyzing traffic captures (Netflow/Wireshark) is fun. A bachelor’s degree from a 4-year college or university is preferred but not required You have 5+ years of experience with multi-tier Data Center core and distribution switching. You have 5+ years of experience with OSPF and BGP routing protocols in a 24x7 environment. You have 5+ years of experience with advanced (Next Generation) network firewalls at the Data Center and internet edge You are fluid with firewall security policy administration and filter rules i.e. ACLs, IPS/IDS etc. You have strong experience configuring and supporting VPNs (IPSEC and SSL). You have excellent interpersonal, communication, and team building skills You don’t get frustrated when assignments change and you adjust easily to shifting priorities. Other things we look for: A marriage of technical strength and humility Conscientious self-starters with a history of delivering on objectives. Familiar with Linux including the LAMP stack Familiar with Puppet/Ansible/Terraform/Chef/Other network automation tools Experience with IPV6 Understanding of modern systems hardware, storage and Data Center infrastructures. About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $4.7 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 7,700 people.