Requisition ID: 177159 Work Area: Software-Development Operations Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Management Employment Type: Regular Full Time Career Level: T3 COMPANY DESCRIPTION As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. We’re looking for someone to join our mobile team to work on our iOS app. The team is very small and we have a lot of users, so you’ll have a lot of impact on the people who use Hipmunk as well as the team’s process and culture. We need Trust and accountability to work effectively. Our processes have very low overhead and teams within Hipmunk work closely together, both inside and outside of engineering. We are always trying to improve the way we work. If you don't think you're a "perfect" fit for our listed requirements but think you'd pick it up quickly, please consider applying anyway! Our iOS app was first released in 2011. The fast-paced startup environment has definitely left behind some scary code monsters, but we dedicate time every quarter to refactoring, testing, and developer happiness. You don't need to be able to read ARM assembly or recite every API method by heart, but you should be able to find your way around a large mixed Swift/Objective-C codebase. (Mostly Swift 4 now!) We devote time and resources to the personal development of our employees. One week out of every quarter is set aside for people to improve their skills or try out their own ideas for Hipmunk. We sponsor people to attend conferences and take courses. We’ve published a couple of open source libraries: https://hipmunk.github.io/HIPEventedProperty/ https://hipmunk.github.io/HIPWebApp/ If you have contributed to apps, web sites, or open source projects, please highlight them when you get in touch with us! Requirements Working knowledge of Swift and/or Objective-C Experience working with a platform other than iOS Have built non-trivial applications Know your way around a UNIX shell Take pride in your work and have high standards Curious, humble, and able to learn Strong communication and interpersonal skills SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Additional Locations :