An Investigative Assistant provides technical support to investigators in planning and conducting complex and sensitive investigations regarding policy violations, possible fraudulent activities, and manages the District’s Fraud Hotline. Benefits Insurance: Paid premiums for your choice of several medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans. Retirement: Membership in the California Public Employee Retirement System (CalPERS). Vacation: Two weeks of paid vacation to start. Three weeks after five years of year-round paid service. Paid Holidays: 12 days. Job Duties/Responsibilities Typical duties may include: Documenting Hotline calls and letters and information from electronic communications (fax and email). Maintaining work controls and tracking system for investigations and correspondence. Managing the District’s Fraud Hotline by receiving telephonic, electronic, and written complaints and allegations of waste, fraud, abuse, misconduct, and mismanagement in District programs and operations. Performing data researches through database systems and sorting, retrieving, and interpreting data to identify information pertinent to the investigation. Evaluating and extracting pertinent investigative data from a wide variety of documents, records and reports. Monitoring investigations on a daily basis and identifying potential problems and problems in meeting critical deadlines and target dates. Noting alteration of documentation which may impact on the evidence and bringing it to the attention of the investigator. Responsible for the recording, storage, and appropriate disposition of physical evidence taken by investigators. Reviewing investigative case files and reports to ensure accuracy of data. Reviewing material received by investigators through search warrants, subpoenas, and on-site investigations. Providing technical support to the investigators in the planning and conducting of complex and sensitive investigations regarding possible fraudulent activities. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org To view the complete class description, please visit www.lausdjobs.org. Minimum Requirements Education: Graduation from a recognized college or university with a bachelor’s degree. Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the required education on a year-for-year basis, provided that the requirement of a high school diploma or equivalent is met. Experience: Two years of experience assisting professional staff by performing routine technical or investigative research associated with investigations of policy violations, alleged fraud, waste, abuse or criminal activity in a public agency. Special: The ability to speak both English and Spanish may be required for some positions. A valid California Driver License Use of an automobile Candidates will be required to present OFFICIAL high school/college transcripts or ORIGINAL high school/college degrees at the time of the Technical Interview. Candidates who have completed college or university coursework at an institution in a country other than the United States MUST obtain an official, sealed, complete evaluation of foreign transcripts and degrees at their own cost. Please be sure to request a DETAILED report. Please visit http://www.ctc.ca.gov/credentials/leaflets/cl635.pdf for a list of approved organizations. Desirable Qualifications The ideal candidate for the position of Investigative Assistant in the Office of Inspector General is experienced in assisting investigators on complex and sensitive cases regarding possible fraudulent activities. This individual is able to analyze and interpret data and utilize the information to prepare clear and concise reports. S/he is familiar in the use of LexisNexis, Time Matters, social media platforms, open source software, and is capable of learning the District’s applications (i.e. MiSiS, SAP). This individual is strong in researching databases for information and identifying information sources. S/he should be able to quickly learn the different divisions in the department to determine where hotline tips should be directed. The incumbent of this role is an effective communicator, both orally and in writing. Due to the sensitive nature of the cases investigated, it is Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org critical that the incumbent is vigilant in maintaining confidentiality of information and evidence gathered. Lastly, s/he will be supporting multiple investigators with heavy workloads, and so it is critical that s/he is flexible and can effectively assist investigators as new situations arise in his/her assigned cases. Employment Selection Process The selection process for this position will tentatively consist of the following: Computerized Skills Assessment, Writing Project, and an Interview. We anticipate receiving a number of well qualified applicants for this position; therefore there will be a competitive process. The hiring departments have requested that we proceed with the selection process in an expeditious and timely manner. To honor this request we will be adhering to a pre-planned employment assessment schedule. For up-to-date information about test dates, view our testing schedule by visiting our website at http://www.lausdjobs.org - My LAUSD Career/Hiring Process/Pre-Employment Testing Process. As testing dates may change, we encourage you to visit this site periodically to confirm testing schedules. For more information about the LAUSD employment assessment process, visit the 'My LAUSD Career' section of our website at http://www.lausdjobs.org . Please be sure to include correspondence from @lausd.net as an approved sender so that messages aren't accidentally placed into your spam/junk e-mail folder. Application Process DO YOU NEED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE WITH THE ON-LINE APPLICATION? Call 213-241-3455 Weekdays 8:00 am – 4:30 pm or email us at helpmeapply@lausd.net. To find out whether the application deadline has been extended, visit the website at: http://www.lausdjobs.org . The Los Angeles Unified School District intends that all qualified persons shall have equal opportunities for employment and promotion. Reasonable accommodations in completing an application and testing are available to individuals with disabilities. Please call (213) 241-3455 for more information. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org Additional Posting Information Selection and promotion are based on a competitive employment assessment process. Candidates who pass all parts of the assessment process are placed on a hiring (eligibility) list based on their assessment score. Hiring departments may make job offers to candidates on the top three ranks of the hiring list. Eligibility typically lasts for 12 months. The hiring list resulting from this assessment process may be used to fill open positions in related job classifications. Follow us on: Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/LAUSDCareers?v=wall Twitter at http://twitter.com/!/lausdjobs LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/ Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org