Radiant Global Logistics is looking for Customer Service Agent in our Woodbury, NY location. The Customer Service Agent is to be the primary interface between Radiant Global Logistics, customers, sales, system operations, and vendors. To deliver the highest level of customer service, while meeting all company policies and procedures. Job duties may be added or taken away due to operational / business needs and requirements A. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES General Accountabilities Answering telephone properly and timely. Providing general customer service. Data entry of shipments. Tracking and tracing of shipments. Understanding TSA regulations that apply to the position. Ensuring company compliance and policies are followed. Research of shipments for Corporate requested reports. Specific Accountabilities Ensuring phones are answered per company policy. Complete entry of pick up information. Understanding and ensuring the Points of Data Entry are followed for House Air Waybill & Master Air Way Bill. Entering Proof of Delivery when called into the office or emailed by delivery drivers or agents. Confirmation of all delivery charges based on agents’ tariff. Breakdown of the charges are necessary to ensure correct billing and payment to the vendors. Ensuring rate quotes are done within 30 minutes. Routing and cutting Master Air Way Bills, including booking and flight information for daily pick-ups to ensure proper service is met. Applying basic problem solving procedures on a daily basis. Understand and accurately know how to use 7L Freight.Com, Microsoft Outlook and in addition to any other resources provided. Entering and updating information in Cargo Wise per company policy. Knowing and understanding the points of Data Entering a House Air Waybill & Master Air Way Bill. Meeting KPI goals. Assuring shipments are cost completed, rated and invoiced timely to meet company policy. B. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS REQUIRED Education and Industry Knowledge High school diploma. Knowledge of North American geography. Experience in Transportation or Logistics industry is an asset. 1 - 2 years customer service experience Technical Skills Proficient in Microsoft Office e.g. Outlook, Excel, Word, Working knowledge of Transportation Management Software (is an asset). ABOUT US Radiant Global Logistics is a comprehensive North American provider of third party logistics and multimodal transportation services. As a non-asset provider, with minimal investment in equipment, the company delivers advanced supply chain solutions through a network of company-owned and strategic operating partner locations across North America under the Radiant®, Wheels™, On-Time™, Airgroup®, Adcom®, DBA™, Service By Air™, and Highways and Skyways™ network brands. Our network now extends to over 100 locations across North America. Through its comprehensive service offering, the company provides domestic and international freight forwarding services, truck and rail brokerage services and other value-added supply chain management services, including customs brokerage, order fulfillment, inventory management and warehousing to a diversified account base including manufacturers, distributors and retailers using a network of independent carriers and international agents positioned strategically around the world. BENEFITS Radiant Global Logistics offers a competitive benefits package to our full- time employees. Radiant Global Logistics is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to promoting a culturally diverse workforce.