Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Cambridge, MA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA At Google, we put our users first. From innovative software products like Gmail, YouTube, Chrome, Street View to pioneering mobile devices like the Android, we build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. The Product Management team works closely with our engineers to guide products from conception to launch. As part of the Product Management team, you bridge the technical and business worlds as you design services that our customers love. You'll work with Googlers from Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Finance, to name just a few. You have a bias toward action and can break down complex problems into steps that drive product development at Google speed. As a Product Manager, you will be part of shaping Google's next moonshot. The Verticals team at Google Cloud is focused on delivering value to our customers by providing solutions to solve business problems across key industry verticals. As a Product Manager, you'll be responsible for developing and executing solutions strategies designed to drive overall business within the specific industry sector. You will develop product solutions, Measurement and Attribution, Go-to-Market, and significant business relationships to execute on the huge market potential and benefits possible from applying Google’s technologies in this area. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Represent the company at industry events, which will include describing the benefits of working with Google to users, partners, and other industry players. Work closely with executives of key vertical customers and prospects to accelerate their work with Google Cloud. Drive cross-functional collaboration across both Google Cloud and the rest of Google to coordinate efforts in serving our customers. Work closely with Infrastructure and Machine Learning Engineering teams to enhance the product in order to deliver value for customers in your vertical. Define, lead, and execute a cohesive global “One Google Cloud” strategy related to a specific product or set of products, collaborating as needed across regions, product areas, and functions. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in a product management, engineering and technology strategy role. Industry experience in healthcare, marketing and/or financial services. Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or an advanced degree in an industry related discipline. Experience managing information technology and computer systems that support business goals. Established global relationships and presence within the specific industry sector. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.