BUSINESS ANALYST - Job 30711.18.001 POSTING TYPE: Open and Competitive DEPARTMENT: Public Health HOURS: Full-Time HIRING RANGE: $57,890-$65,126/year (Grade 108) LOCATION: West St. Paul NSC UNION: Public Health Administration Teamsters 320 CLOSE DATE: Moving to continuous with the first review of candidates on Wednesday, July 11, 2018 Come join us at Dakota County and "Be more"! The work County government does is unique. You will not be just another employee; you'll be a valued employee making a difference in the lives of Dakota County residents every single day. We employ nearly 1800 skilled individuals whose talents and contributions makes Dakota County a premier place to live and work. Will you be the next person to join us at Dakota County? This position requires submittal of a resume, inclusion of a cover letter is preferred. This position with Dakota County Public Health Department is to Support the Metro Alliance for Healthy Families (MAHF). It is funded by the Evidence- based Family Home Visiting grant from the Minnesota Department of Health through December 31, 2022. The Business Analyst's role is to leverage their understanding of the business they support and the data gathered by the systems supporting that business to deliver new efficiencies and processes. This includes mining data that illustrate patterns that support business decisions about what is and is not working well. It also includes partnering with Information Technology and other entities doing similar work to stay apprised of business approaches, systems, and tools that are available to bring new efficiencies. The Business Analyst is expected to gather and analyze data in support of business cases, proposed projects, and systems requirements. The analyst is also responsible for documenting findings, complete with probable causes and possible solutions to systems issues, many times being the business liaison with system vendors. This individual will apply proven communication, analytical, and problem- solving skills to help maximize the benefit of system investments. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's Degree in the field of business administration, public health, computer science, management information systems or other related field AND 3-5 years of Business Systems Analysis work experience. OR Master's Degree in related field and 1-3 years of experience in Business Systems Analysis Candidates with an equivalent combination of education and experience to total 7 years may also qualify. ABOVE WORK EXPERIENCE MUST INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING: 1 year of experience with Crystal Reports 2 years of experience with Microsoft SQL database 1 year of experience gathering requirements, writing system specifications, assisting with project plans, and executing and monitoring tasks and reports. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS BEYOND MINIMUM REQUIRED: Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2008 or higher Knowledge of public health or human services principles Knowledge of healthcare data Experience with electronic health records or other related documentation system DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES _These examples do not include all possible tasks in this work and do not limit the assignment of related tasks in any position of this classification. Regular attendance according to the position's management approved work schedule is required for all positions._ Strategy & Planning: 1\. Meet with systems owners, and end users to define business, and operations requirements and systems goals, and identify and resolve systems/reports issues. 2\. With assistance lead design sessions for prototyping new systems/reports. 3\. Help identify and establish scope and parameters of systems analysis in order to provide input to the project plan. 4\. Lead the multi-agency members of the MAHF Database work group in order to support practice and meet the data collection and reporting needs of the HFA national office, funders and other stakeholders. Acquisition & Deployment: 5\. With some direction help with the planning, design, development, and deployment of new applications/reports, and enhancements to existing applications. Operational Management: 6\. Create, maintain and enhance Crystal Reports 7\. Gather data as needed for funders, partners, and stakeholders while staying abreast of changes to Best Practice Standards and reporting requirements as well as monitoring data quality. 8\. Design, implement and maintain SQL Server views used for reporting. 9\. Provide input to the project plan to define scope, work breakdown, and task assignments. 10\. Create system design specifications from the design and prototyping sessions with IT staff and the business stakeholders. 11\. With minimal direction create data models, workflow models, and use cases to provide direction to application programmers. 12\. Extract, transform, and load data from relational databases for use in report software, data conversions, and system interfaces. 13\. Ensure compatibility and interoperability of in-house computing systems. 14\. Coordinate and perform in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for modified and new systems/reports, and other support. 15\. With direction provide orientation and training to end users for modified and new systems & reporting. Troubleshoot and resolve end-user errors and service requests. 16\. Perform emergency response functions as trained and assigned within the County and/or department's emergency response plan. 17\. Other duties as assigned. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Items 1-15 are essential to this position. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES AND WORK ENVIRONMENT Experience in the analysis, design, and implementation of software and solutions, systems, or products. Good understanding of data modeling, workflow modeling, and use case development. Good understanding of relational databases, such as MS SQL. Ability to import data for use in report software, spreadsheets, graphs, and flow charts. Working knowledge of PC and server operating systems, including Windows OS. Experience in the analysis of databases, software, and standards, as well as data retrieval methodologies. Good project management skills. Hands-on experience developing test cases and test plans. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: Good analytical, mathematical, and creative problem-solving skills. Strong written and oral communication skills. Excellent listening and interpersonal skills. Logical and efficient. Keen attention to detail. Ability to conduct research into systems issues and products as required. Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Strong customer service orientation. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. WORK ENVIRONMENT: Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard or mouse, and to handle other computer components. Some travel between County locations. Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripherals. SELECTION PROCESS: The examination/selection process for this classification will consist of a rating of your training and experience from the application materials submitted. The top scoring candidates will be forwarded to the hiring department for further consideration.