About InterDigital InterDigital develops fundamental wireless technologies that are at the core of mobile devices, networks, and services worldwide. We solve many of the industry's most critical and complex technical challenges, inventing solutions for more efficient broadband networks and a richer multimedia experience years ahead of market deployment. InterDigital has licenses and strategic relationships with many of the world's leading wireless companies. Founded in 1972, InterDigital is listed on NASDAQ and is included in the S&P MidCap 400® index. Summary: InterDigital currently seeks a Junior Security Analyst that will be responsible for the implementation of security processes and tools, anomaly monitoring, incident response and compliance enforcement. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 2 to 3 years’ experience as a security analyst or network administrator. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Monitors and analyzes activity to detect and identify anomalies and security incidents within the company’s environment Develops and executes security controls and incident responses plans, including developing detection and mitigation methods to intercept and prevent internal or external attacks Maintains security tools and infrastructure. Gather and maintain knowledge of IT and security best practices, threat landscape trends and mitigation methods. Provide security awareness training to the user base Participate in risk analysis and risk management operations according to business priorities. Assists in maintaining and updating governance documentation, such as policies, controls, SOPs. Occasionally assist with Sysadmin and Desktop Support tasks Occasionally mentor other junior team members Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Electronic Engineering, Computer Science or related field Minimum of 2 to 3 years’ experience as a security analyst, pentester or network engineer preferred. Sysadmin profiles will also be considered. Strong interest in Information Security and a will to constantly build and improve his/her skillset. Advanced information security knowledge in one or more areas to include: SIEM, Antivirus platforms, DLP solutions, network capture tools, vulnerability scanners, exploitation frameworks, spam firewall, web proxies, sandboxing and virtualization solutions. Ablility to design and implement scripts(bash/perl/python/powershell) (feel free to add links to personal projects and github repositories to your submission) Wide understanding of network architecture and implementation is a must; ideal candidate will have worked with infrastructure deployment or network security. Experience with mixed Linux/Windows corporate environments Superior IT problem-solving and critical out of the box thinking required Good organizational skills and ability to prioritize tasks under pressure Discretion and professionalism when it comes to handling sensitive information Good people skills and ability to collaborate and work as a team Security-oriented certifications provided by ISC2 ,Offensive Security, GIAC or SANS are a strong plus but not required. Physical ability to work in racks with servers, switches, and UPS Location: Montreal, QC _InterDigital is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not engage in or tolerate unlawful discrimination against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, immigrant status, military status, veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity and/or expression), pregnancy, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information, atypical heredity cellular or blood trait, marital status, family status, domestic partner or civil union status or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, compensation, benefits, training, assignments, evaluations, coaching, promotion, discipline, discharge and layoff._