Laboratory Corporation of America Holding s (NYSE:LH), an S&P 500 company is a leading life sciences company, providing comprehensive clinical laboratory and end-to-end drug development services. With a mission to improve health and improve lives, LabCorp delivers world-class diagnostics solutions, brings innovative medicines to patients faster and uses technology to provide better care. With net revenue in excess of $9 billion in 2016, LabCorp's 50,000 employees serve clients in 60 countries. LabCorp is looking for a Quality Manager to join the team in Seattle, WA. This position will have quality oversight for the Pacific Northwest region. BASIC FUNCTION: 1) To assure the overall quality of services rendered to laboratory clients within the region in terms of reliability, accuracy, and precision, 2) To act in a proactive manner in the identification and rapid resolution of problem issues which adversely affect the quality of regional clinical laboratories, 3) To provide leadership within the region for quality programs including the implementation of policies and systems which lead to continuous quality improvement, 4) To promote a culture of quality throughout the regional laboratory system through communication and increased quality awareness. SCOPE OF SUPERVISION: This position receives a minimum amount of direct supervision. PRINCIPAL FUNCTIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 1) Assuring all laboratories within the region maintain current federal, state and local licensure and accreditations, as applicable 2) Providing guidance for laboratories in implementing policies with respect to aspects regulatory and accreditation requirements 3) Providing and ensuring training and support for clinical laboratory quality policies and procedures 4) Auditing and inspecting laboratories to proactively identify quality issues, non-conformities, and areas for improvement 5) Collecting summary data for management reports regarding Key Performance Indicators (KPI), internal and external audit outcomes, complaints, and any issue that could jeopardize laboratory licensure 6) Monitoring and responding to quality metrics, non-conforming events and regulatory citations, including root cause analysis, corrective action and effectiveness checks 7) Facilitating process improvement activities 8) Ensuring regular communication by Holding regularly scheduled Quality meetings/conference calls Serving as a liaison to Quality Divisional Manager Responding to quality issues This job description reflects the essential functions of the position and excludes those that may be incidental to the performance of the job. In no way is it stated or implied that the principle functions are the only duties to be performed. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job related duties requested by their supervisor. Requirements Normally a B.A./B.S. in Biology, Chemistry, Clinical Laboratory Science, or related field, plus 4-5 years of Clinical Laboratory experience. Quality experience within a clinical laboratory environment preferred. Management experience preferred. Shift 1 Schedule Monday - Friday: 8am - 5pm