Dialer Analyst/Senior Dialer Analyst (Analytics) Why Work For Credit Acceptance? Credit Acceptance is a rapidly-expanding company with extensive growth opportunities. We are proud to say, for the 5th year in a row, we have been named one of Fortune Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our team members and culture create a positive workplace that drives us to succeed, making Credit Acceptance one of the largest used car finance companies nationally. We offer a great work environment, awesome team members, competitive benefits, progressive career opportunities, a casual dress code and we work hard to ensure every team member is empowered to work to their fullest potential. We are hiring a Dialer Analyst/Senior Dialer Analyst within our Analytics Department . Execute and monitor the call strategies for departments that use the automated dialer Develop and produce reports measuring contact and collection performance Analyze data to drive better business decisions Responsibilities in your area will include: Dialer Execution: Create dialer campaigns, select and monitor the dialer pacing, and communicate service levels to operations Coding: Develop complex programming to extract and manipulate data such as strategy modules Reporting: Develop and produce reports to measuring the performance of contact strategies, dialer processes, and champion/challenger tests Ad hoc analysis: Perform analysis to solve business problems and drive better decisions Translate business requirements: Translate high level business goals into the tasks and technical specifications needed to accomplish the goal Adhere to Policies/Processes: You will need to remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines. Position Requirements: Analyst Bachelor’s degree or 3+ years of dialer experience 3+ years of SAS or SQL programming experience Senior Analyst Bachelor’s degree or 5+ years of dialer experience 5+ years of SAS and SQL programming experience Attendance as required by department. Work onsite at the assigned Credit Acceptance work location. Able to work a schedule that may include weekends and late nights. Preferred: Experience with Aspect Unified Contact Center 7.0-7.3 (Unified IP, ALM, IVR, WFM, etc.). Experience in call center analytics or auto lending analytics. Knowledge of loan servicing functions. Experience with data analysis. Experience running and creating reports in an analytical tool or in a business intelligence setting. Knowledge and Skills: Ability to apply analytical skills to solve problems creatively. Be able to extract and manipulate large data sets. Communicate complex information to others in a way they can understand. Be self-motivated and able to perform with minimal supervision. Ability to apply analytical skills to solve problems creatively. Act promptly and effectively when assigned tasks. Able to work a schedule that may include weekends and late nights. Work well with others in a team environment. Proactive and make recommendations as opportunities arise. Remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines. Company Values: To be successful in this role, Team Members need to demonstrate the characteristics of PRIDE in their work: Positive : Maintain a positive attitude by focusing on solutions and promoting a collaborative and enjoyable environment. Respectful : Value teamwork, share successes, appreciates others and communicates in a way that promotes trust. Insightful : Make timely well-considered decisions, create innovative solutions and continuously learn. Direct : Communicate clearly and objectively; don’t be afraid of difficult conversations. Raise concerns through the proper channels. Earnest : Be honest, sincere and consistent. Work hard and pursue our goals together relentlessly. Required degrees must have been earned at institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent. Credit Acceptance is an equal opportunity employer.