The Palo Alto Veterans Institute for Research (PAVIR) is seeking a Neuroimaging Data Manager who will work in the Etkin lab within the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University School of Medicine to organize and oversee scientific data in web-based databases. The Neuroimaging Data manager will define and maintain processes that evaluate and verify the accuracy of data. The position would also entail ensuring that the data pipeline is continuously working, write code for updated queries, update data dictionaries as new fields are added to the database, and maintain a data correction log. The Etkin Lab aims to understand the neural basis of emotional disorders and their treatment, and to leverage this knowledge to develop novel treatment interventions. The lab’s work is organized around the neuroscientific study of emotion and its regulation in healthy subjects and in individuals with psychiatric disorders. For more information about the Etkin lab please visit their website at: http://etkinlab.stanford.edu/. This is a regular, full – time (40 hrs/wk), exempt position. PAVIR is a nonprofit foundation affiliated with the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System (VAPAHCS). As a condition of employment, all PAVIR employees are required to have an approved Without Compensation (WOC) appointment with VAPAHCS and complete a background check before they can commence work. _Duties:_ Test new functionality with the software. Produce documentation regarding effective use of the database. Respond to user requests. Identify and acquire new data for inclusion in the database. Creates databases and query tools for data mining. Maintain quality control and integrity of current and archived data. Review submissions to the database for quality and relevancy; abstract information in the required formats. Conduct independent research of literature and other available research to add content to the database. Prepare reports and publications about the research progress. Participate in presentations and demonstrations of the database at conferences or other institutions. Collect and analyze information from peer-reviewed scientific journals and through direct submissions; abstract data into the required format, and verify them for accuracy. Other duties may also be assigned. _Requirements:_ Education: Required: Bachelor’s degree in a scientific field and one year of related experience, or combination of relevant experience Desired: Master’s degree in a scientific field License/Certification: Required: Valid CA Driver License. Work Experience: Required: 1 – 2 years of experience working with human MRI and EEG data. Desired: 2 – 3 years of experience analyzing neuroimaging data (MRI or EEG). Knowledge / Skills / Abilities: Knowledge of MATLAB, python, bash, High performance computing is desirable Knowledge of Neuroimaging software: FSL, ANTs, eeglab, fieldtrip, brainstorm is desirable Solid analytical skills. Strong written and oral English communication skills. Computer skills, including word processing and spreadsheet applications. Ability to understand scientific literature, experimental procedures and their limitations, and current needs of the research community. _Environmental Conditions / Physical Demands:_ Physical: Lifting up to 20 lbs. occasionally, standing, bending, repetitive movement, etc. Environmental: Exposure to an office/clinical environment. Occasional travel may be required. PAVIR engages in nonprofit medical research and works with sponsors and the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System (VAPAHCS) in administering funds for conducting research to find new and improved ways to combat human disease and help people with disabilities. Please refer to our website for additional information: www.pavir.org PAVIR is pleased to be an Equal Opportunity Employer for minorities, women, protected Veterans, and qualified individuals with a disability. If you need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for a posted position, please contact our Human Resources department.