Mission Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Talent Acquisition Business Partner who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Talent Acquisition Business Partner. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: You will manage the entire recruitment end-to-end process, including search strategy, proactive sourcing of candidates, screening/interviewing, candidate presentation to hiring managers, offer/close process. Be responsible to leverage existing technologies to facilitate Talent Acquisition and find ways to introduce technology where it is absent – with this, also supplying the best of the best in the market for our North American businesses Ability to manage different requisitions, requirements, and work with many different managers from different locations - all in a timely manner. Additional responsibilities of the role include: Responsible for developing reporting metrics on talent acquisition efforts on a weekly basis to key stakeholders; Consult with business leads to understand business strategy needs around talent acquisition; Directs and develops a social media communication strategy to attract talent; Proactively identify ways to engage in the community to attract the best talent and to find “uncommon” ways to promote our brand Network through industry contacts, association memberships, peers, employees, etc. in search of new talent; Captures market and competitive intelligence from sourcing efforts and share with key stakeholders; Prepare and/or review all offer letters, compensation agreements and employment contracts; Leverage and build networks to find and connect with passive candidates; Provide direction to management that enables maximum performance and reinforces the business culture while influencing positive morale and employee retention; Designs and delivers interview training as needed to existing and new leaders; Directs all efforts around recruiting events as needed; Leads and participates in all talent acquisition project initiatives; Stays current with industry best practices in the area of Talent Acquisition and presents solutions to business partners to potentially implement solutions; Must be flexible to work extended/flexible hours, including weekends, holidays, evenings, etc. in order to see through to mission success; and, All other related and/or additional responsibilities that may be required or assigned. Not afraid to raise the bar from a Do it Right or Better mentality to a Do it Different mentality Qualifications Are You Qualified? Minimum Bachelor's degree in Business with emphasis in HR, Org Behavior, Industrial Psychology or related subject area; At least 5 years of experience of talent acquisition at the professional level; Experience in the automotive industry desired; Ability to use facts, finesse and force with clients while at the same time have a consultative approach: Strong problem solving, influencing and negotiation skills; Ability to maintain the highest level of discretion and confidentiality while at the same time being able to interface with all levels of employees and management; Excellent communication skills— can communicate clearly and effectively, verbally, in writing, and by electronic communications with both internal and external clients; Ability to plan and prioritize tasks, to work well under pressure, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously; Ability to take initiative, identifying potential problems and solutions; Proficient experience using MS Office Applications; have significant experience as a talent sourcer, developing search strategies and employ creative sourcing techniques Experience with HRIS and ATS platforms, preferably Workday Excellent interpersonal skills, judgment and decision-making skills; Ability to sit for multiple hours at a time and to work multiple hours a day at a computer keyboard; and, Ability to remain alert and focused during the work day. It is impossible to list every requirement for, or responsibility of, any position. Similarly, we cannot identify all the skills a position may require since job responsibilities and the Company’s needs may change over time. Therefore, the above job description is not comprehensive or exhaustive. The Company reserves the right to adjust, add to or eliminate any aspect of the above description. The Company also retains the right to require all employees to undertake additional or different job responsibilities when necessary to meet business needs. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.