The IT Architect Solutions I/II will be responsible for the overall direction for the organization's information technical. Develops architectural approaches and solutions, conducts, documents current systems, and develops recommendations of how to proceed with information technology solutions and services. The Architect role spans multiple specializations including: Applications Architect: Responsible for developing and implementing applications Infrastructure Architect: Responsible for developing future technology and architectural advancements to support architectural strategy, technology migration, integration and evolution of the technical infrastructure Information or Data Architect: Responsible for improving business performance through information solutions, such as master data management, metadata management, business intelligence, content management, data integration, and other information infrastructure components Enterprise Architect: Responsible for designing and developing enterprise- level IT systems, principles, and standards required to support APS Solutions Architect: Responsible for responsible analyzing the functionality and constraints to design, develop, and implement appropriate solution Security Architect: Responsible for developing and implementing enterprise- wide information security principles, standards and architectures. Minimum Requirements for Level I Bachelors' degree in Information Technology or related field and 2 years' of prior relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and directly related experience. Requires working technical knowledge gained through experience within a job area or system Minimum Requirements for Level II Bachelors' degree in Information Technology or related field and 5 years of prior relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and directly related experience. Requires strong technical knowledge within a job area or system and basic knowledge across related technical areas Preferred Special Skills, Knowledge, or Qualifications Basic knowledge of information technology (IT) management; strategic business acumen; organization strategy; technical design; Enterprise Architecture methodologies such as TOGAF or the equivalent; IT infrastructure including servers, storage, firewalls, load balancers, routers, etc.; information security standards, rules and regulations related to information security and data protection; current and emerging security threats; strong business knowledge. Skill in management of information systems; database systems management; leveraging advanced knowledge and skills; leading; communicating effectively to complement an aptitude for computer systems; creative thinking; being flexible and adaptable; document management; collaborating; content; conceptualizing and analyzing problems; critical thinking; including cross- functional influence. Ability to develop information systems to deliver the business strategy; analyze emerging technologies and make appropriate recommendations; implement a process-based approach to meeting organizational goals; assess a broad range of information solutions and products; develop architecture designs. Major Accountabilities 1) Works under the mentorship or guidance of specialist and master architects to provide architecture support to the organization. 2) Aligns architectural strategy with business requirements 3) Supports and participates in developing policies, standards and guidelines 4) Designs standard configurations and patterns 5) Participates in the EA architecture governance process 6) Analyzes data and develops architectural requirements 7) Aligns architectural requirements with IT strategy 8) Assesses near-term needs to establish business priorities 9) Identifies opportunities for reuse 10) Coordinates architecture implementation and modification activities 11) Reviews technical solution for alignment and completeness 12) Identifies and proposes updates to the architecture to addresses project needs 13) Assists in any research or analysis that may help in architecture planning Key Level Differentiators 1) Works on basic projects that require general knowledge of one or more specialized architecture areas such as network, security, applications, data, business, and systems 2) Works to achieve operational targets which have limited impact on departmental results 3) Analyzes and resolves moderate-to-complex technical problems using experience, judgment and range of material/tools; may take a new perspective on existing solution 4) Responsible for recommending improvements of processes, systems or products to enhance performance of the technical area 5) Works under general supervision to deliver, implement, and support projects/assignments and makes decisions within area of direct responsibility Export Compliance/EEO This position may require access to and/or use of information subject to control under the Department of Energy's Part 810 Regulations (10 CFR Part 810), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR Parts 730 through 774), or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter M Part 120) (collectively, "U.S. Export Control Laws"). Therefore, some positions may require applicants to be a U.S. person, which is defined as a U.S. Citizen, a U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), a Political Asylee, or a Refugee under the U.S. Export Control Laws. All applicants will be required to confirm their U.S. person or non-US person status. All information collected in this regard will only be used to ensure compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws, and will be used in full compliance with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of national origin and other factors. For positions at Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations (PVNGS) all openings will require applicants to be a U.S. person. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Pinnacle West”) provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.