Senior Developer Qualification: Science / Engineering Graduate Responsibility: Requirements Gathering: Understand, interpret and clarify functional requirements as well as technical requirements and requirement standards for the project. Design and Analysis: Study assigned functional specifications. analyze and identify impact of specifications. raise queries and seek resolution from different stakeholders. Provide required support to develop the proof of concept. Coding: Develop coding (business layer coding, interface development, service development, creation of stored procedures etc) as required in the project. Raise clarifications / issues / concerns regarding work output to the lead on time. seek review from peer / Senior Developer periodically. rework on the code based on code review / defects raised in unit testing or any other relevant testing phases. participate in code peer review, as required. Highlight any potential risks to the Leads and seek inputs to resolve issues identified. support integration of components, as required. Update traceability matrix for the work package developed. provide support on process audit activities. Adhere to process and tools (usage of cognizant 20, awareness of Quality Management System). follow the SCM policies set for project. Testing: Write unit test cases for the specific unit. seek review from peer / Senior Developer for the test cases written. Execute the test cases. Capture and fix defects as and when found, and retest the areas during testing and warranty phase. Review work to ensure adherence to SCM policies set for project. Follow up on integration of the component developed with the application. Understand and execute automation tools for testing. Defect Management: Rework on the code based on review comments from code review / defects raised in unit testing, peer testing, SIT, UAT testing or any other relevant testing phases. Process Improvements and Adherence: Provide ideas for process optimization or valueadds that can be provided and share them with the relevant stakeholders. adhere to process and tools (usage of cognizant 20, awareness of Quality Management System, IDE etc). Knowledge Management: Contribute towards updating knowledge assets, user manual, online help document, installation manual / scripts. contribute / search / reuse all types of assets from repository. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 PowerShell PL2 Required 2 BeanShell PL2 Required 3 Unix Shell Scripting PL2 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chandler, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 20 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.