Redfin is redefining real estate in the consumer’s favor by combining our own technology and agents to create a service that’s better, faster, and costs less. As a Redfinnian, you'll make a difference in one of life’s most important events—buying or selling a home. Our hiring standards are high, yet our culture is humble. No matter what role you have, you’ll be both challenged and inspired every day. We’ve got all the perks, but if what you value most is doing great work in a creative, collaborative, and disciplined environment, join us. As a Senior Data Analyst focused on People, you’ll use a wide array of data sources, including some of the most robust real estate data in the world, to build tools and answer questions that drive key business decisions across the entire company. We need an expert in translating qualitative aspects of an employee’s experience into tangible, quantitative improvements. The Role Work on a small team conducting analyses and building robust analytical reporting for our business leaders to plan both for the long and short-term. Analyze real estate agent data to understand key drivers of high performance and how they relate to factors of an employee’s journey at Redfin (training, tenure, attrition, etc). Partner with Human Resources, Recruiting, Finance, Real Estate Operations and Program Management teams to answer tough questions that inform the business and drive strategic data-driven decision making. Use your technical and business expertise to make our operations more analytical, and our analytics more efficient. Desired Skills & Experience 3-6 years working in an analytical role in a business context is required. Experience in People/HR analytics a plus. Expert-level SQL and Excel skills are required. Significant experience using data visualization/BI software (Tableau, Power BI) is required. Specifically, Tableau experience is a plus. Brilliant communication skills and ability to explain complex ideas clearly to a nontechnical audience. Strong consultative and influencing skills to help leaders make decisions and move the business forward. Bachelor’s degree in business, statistics, operations research, economics, computer science or a related field is required. Master’s degree is a plus. What We Offer Competitive compensation packages with a salary, bonuses, and stock grants Generous benefits, including three weeks of paid vacation, medical, dental, and vision insurance, and fully paid family leave Strong startup culture with catered lunches, casual dress code, happy hours, and more To make sure we hire the most qualified people, we’ve designed a multi-step selection process which may include interviews, a homework assignment, and a reference check. We’re excited to get to know you and hope you’re ready to give this opportunity everything you’ve got! Redfin is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce.