We are looking for a talented Full Stack Developer to join our team in Detroit, MI. Join a group of talented creatives building the largest eCommerce partner company in the world. At BVAccel, we relentlessly pursue profits for our clients while creating online experiences that delight consumers. As a BVAccel Full Stack Developer, you'll design, build, and maintain incredible applications for our eCommerce clients. Some of these applications will be systems that function behind the scenes some will have interfaces that you'll be creating. You'll be using a mix of frontend skills (e.g. javascript, Vue, jQuery) and backend skills (e.g. PHP). While we do have examples of other server side technologies PHP is our main focus and you should be proficient in it. You'll work directly with our award-winning creative team, account strategists and project managers to produce work you can be proud of for brands your friends have heard of. We are not currently accepting applicants who require sponsorship to work in the US It's a fit for you if... You know your way around a server; basic web server configuration, cron management, package management (apt or similar) and other housekeeping You understand GIT and adhere to a workflow You have the ability to write at least one server side language at a high level You thrive in a high freedom, high responsibility environments You’re low ego and high sense of humor You’re looking to work in a truly collaborative setting with other creatives and are generally fun to work with Your baseline skills... You know your way around a server: basic web server configuration, cron management, package management (apt or similar) and other housekeeping You understand Git and can adhere to a workflow You have the ability to write modern, standards compliant PHP ~7.0 and performant, functional vanilla JS. An understanding of virtualization and experience with some flavor of VirtualBox, Vagrant, Docker etc. An understanding of MVC Patterns and the fundamentals of REST. Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills Bonus points for... eCommerce development experience (Shopify, Magento, Volusion, etc.) Experience with Linux and basic shell scripting Knowledge in Laravel 5+ and Laravel Forge Proficiency in MySQL and PostgreSQL Experience with AWS, Digital Ocean, Rackspace, etc. Working knowledge of jQuery and Vue Working knowledge of task runners and contribution to Front End workflows (Gulp, NPM, Grunt, Docker, VMs, etc.) Some experience with deployment and CI tools Versed in agile development practices Stuff you'll do... Review and interpret business requirements Collaborate with other engineers, designers, business analysts, clients Design, build and maintain web applications ( 75% Back End / 25% Front End ) Deliver technically solid implementations for our eCommerce partners Values we live by... Lead with results - We look for candidates with strong results focus & initiative, great attention to detail and consistent self direction & action Build the better - We look for team members who have a strong track record of creative & innovative thinking, the ability to make an improvement impact and a strong desire to make additive contributions Optimize inward - We look for influencers with strong technical expertise, a passion for development & continual learning and a solid sense of ownership Stay gritty - Our team members have tremendous follow through, impeccable problem solving skills & and a consistent solutions focus; we live and breath agility Offer excellence - Our top performers are relentlessly customer and client focused and provide valuable consultation to others; we thrive on communication and teamwork Perks you'll love... Incredible people, a truly collaborative team and the ability to make a big impact in digital’s most exciting space Amazing work environment (2017 San Diego Business Journal's Best Places to Work Award; 2017 San Diego Business Journal's 9 Fastest Growing Companies Award) Competitive Salaries Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance through Cigna Unlimited PTO Policy 401k through Co-Pilot (employee only contributions) Paid Parental Leave Monthly Catered Lunches & Team Lunch Roulettes Free Parking An active Culture Calendar including: team happy hours, Lunch & Learns, enrichment events and more Ping pong and other fun office games Free Products from premier clients Casual dress code Local fitness and dining discounts through One America Plaza; Concierge service for local events Company sponsorship of continuing education Engagements with premier brands including Kopari Beauty, MVMT Watches, Good American, Kylie Cosmetics, Boll & Branch and many more Your next steps... Provide a brief but succinct summary of why you’re a good fit Share your resume, relevant portfolio examples and Linkedin info Include what you can bring to the BVAccel team Brand Value Accelerator (BVAccel) is one of the pioneer Shopify Plus Partners and the fastest growing Shopify agency in the world. We are innovative, data- driven experts from across the eCommerce sector and we maintain impactful partnerships with Shopify, Optimizely and Google. With a best-in-class technology stack we create valuable shopping experiences that serve as the foundation of revenue acceleration. We create mobile-first shopping experiences that are anchored in the three pillars of eCommerce: acquisition, conversion and retention. We are informed by data and inspired by design. The results are unparalleled customer experiences that are highly converting and promote limitless growth. With five offices located in New York City, Columbus, Tijuana, Los Angeles, and the heart of San Diego's business district, BVAccel has cultivated a work environment that fosters amazing eCommerce creations.