Description If you think windows and doors aren’t technology-driven, think again. We're constantly setting new standards for windows and doors that raise the bar for the entire industry. From the products themselves, to the way they are produced and sold, Andersen is looking for professionals like you who can help us expand the future of windows and doors. The Sr. Data Warehouse Analyst works largely independently with business partners to coordinate business requirements and assist with translating business requirements into data warehouse technical specifications. Often interviews end users to determine requirements for data, reports, analysis, metadata, training, service levels, data quality and performance. Serves as a liaison between end users and data warehousing project team, as well as works with architects to ensure solutions delivered meet sustainable architectural requirements. Helps identify and assess potential data sources and coordinates prototype reviews to validate that data warehouse deliverables meet business requirements. Finally, the Senior Data Warehouse Analyst is expected to lead small projects and coach associate / intermediate Data Warehouse Analysts. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Works independently with Business Reporting teams and customers to capture and analyze business needs and customers’ information requirements, and then work with the data warehouse team members to define appropriate data warehouse solution. Solution should meet expectations of reliability, accuracy and functionality. Define and analyze source system or external data feeds with regards to data quality, timeliness, Develop detailed analysis, design, construction, and testing specifications. Assist other members of data warehouse / business intelligence team with functional specifications. Assist the data modelers with analysis, data profiling and model validation. Work closely with project team, vendors and other IT projects to ensure technical compatibility and integration of the data warehouse. Aid in designing, managing, and executing pilot testing with both IT project teams and user representatives Coordinates necessary implementation training. Active participation in ongoing continuous improvement efforts targeting enhanced performance, reduced costs or increased functionality. Responsible for small project management: Manages scope / prioritizes requirements, schedules tasks, communicates status, facilitates stakeholder meetings, manages project budget and resource plans, acquires project funding when necessary. Coaches and develops intermediate and associate data warehouse analysts. Helps to plan their work. Expected to actively identify continuous improvement opportunities and promote engagement. Qualifications CULTURE AND BENEFITS: Our vision is to make the world a better place by living up to the promise that everyone benefits from their association with Andersen. We’re committed to making a difference through challenging ourselves each day, recognizing and rewarding success, taking pride in our work and honoring a legacy built on doing the right thing. There is great respect for life outside work so that you can bring your best self to work. We are committed to demonstrating mutual respect and appreciation of our similarities and differences so that each employee can realize his/her potential and we exceed our customers’ expectations. As an innovative and industry-leading organization, we think of benefits more broadly. From your health care to your work environment, to your development and quality of life, we think beyond basic benefits to provide a total rewards package including, but not limited to: Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Health Savings Account contributions Paid holidays plus PTO 401(k) plan & contributions Professional development & tuition reimbursement opportunities A culture that supports work-life balance An environment where collaboration is key Volunteer opportunities – on company time Environmentally conscious business decisions 10,000+ employees and career opportunities nationwide QUALIFICATION AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree In Business Administration (MBA preferred), with five years of technical work experience, or a degree in Computer Science (or related discipline) with two years of work experience in a business role that offers some exposure to business decision makers. Prior exposure to Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence systems. One or more of the following qualities or experiences; successfully developed and implemented new technology, demonstrated competency in project management, successfully developed and implemented new work processes or improvements of processes Strong communication skills, proven ability to translate complex technical requirements to understandable business terms and vice versa. Knowledge of key Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence processes and Data Warehouse design.