School Clerk I (School Office Services) ( Job Number: P060031 ) Description CLASS TITLE : School Clerk I CHARACTERISTICS OF THE CLASS : Under the general direction of the school principal, performs any of several specialized clerical functions in a large public school facility, or performs a variety of responsible clerical functions in a small public school facility; and performs related duties as required. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS : Prepares and types a variety of original correspondence, memorandums, and reports using either a personal computer or typewriter, as directed by the school principal and/or the principal’s designee; opens, sorts, and distributes incoming mail and school correspondence; serves as a receptionist and greets and directs visitors to appropriate staff; schedules appointments for school administrators; receives and places telephone calls for school personnel; responds to inquiries from students, parents and guardians and the general public concerning school operations and activities; maintains attendance records of students and staff; processes and prepares payrolls for school personnel, both manually and by operating computerized timekeeping and payroll equipment; maintains enrollment records and processes student transfers; maintains student history records; prepares and processes requisitions for the procurement of supplies, instructional materials, furniture, and equipment; maintains and monitors the school’s petty cash and internal account ledgers; issues checks and prepares money for deposits; receives and compiles periodic reports involving payrolls, pupil attendance and enrollment, various funds and account ledgers; compiles and forwards student transcripts to appropriate parties; may take and transcribe dictation; may operate personal computers utilizing spreadsheet, database, or other software applications. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Training and Experience. Graduation from high school (or G.E.D. equivalent) supplemented by one year of clerical work experience, and the ability to type 45 words per minute with fewer than 10 errors; or an equivalent combination of training and experience. Knowledge, Abilities, and Skill. General knowledge of modern clerical office methods, practices, and procedures; knowledge of common office machines and equipment. Ability to apply general clerical office methods, practices, and procedures; ability to follow oral and written instructions; ability to type proficiently; ability to communicate effectively and tactfully with school personnel, students, parents and guardians, and the general public; ability to operate personal computers utilizing word processing, spreadsheet, and database software is highly desirable. Good oral and written communication skills, good skill in basic mathematics, good interpersonal skills, good recordkeeping skills. Physical Requirements. Sedentary Work: Exerting up to ten (10) pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time, but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. .