The Consultant, Learning Strategy is responsible for collaborating with business leaders, subject-matter experts, instructional designers, and technology teams to ensure successful execution of enterprise-wide training strategy. This involves translating complex learning needs into a set of effective learning solutions to be implemented across the Discover organization. The Learning Consultant will clearly define the learning solution strategy, including learning goals, set the development project up for success by ensuring the design team and/or vendors have the right information and resources, and ensure effectiveness of the solution through measurement strategies. The individual in this role will leverage learning expertise and their ability to navigate business partner relationships to successfully deploy learning strategies that will effectively meet business needs while resulting in a high quality learner experience. The individual in this role also leads cross- functional team problem-solving efforts to ensure our ability to meet regulatory requirements as well as learner needs. Responsibilities: Consult with stakeholders comprised of business unit leadership and stakeholders, HR, and Training and Development colleagues to gain a deep understanding of learning needs. Reframe the needs to optimize the learning experience and align with broader learning strategy. Conduct thorough needs analyses to assess the current state, identify the key performance and skills/knowledge gaps, and devise optimal learning solutions. Recommend the appropriate development solutions to drive key organizational results and identify contextual constraints that must be satisfied for a program to succeed. Develop a business case and translate needs into well-documented requirements. Oversee the development or acquisition of relevant learning content and ensure its quality. This will require reviewing and evaluating off-the shelf training solutions in the marketplace or internal/external design efforts. Partner with the LMS team, training operations, and other project teams to ensure successful implementation execution of training initiatives. Devise and follow processes to optimize hand-offs; strive to continually improve processes. Oversee the analysis and reporting of effectiveness and quality measures across functional learning programs. Analyze all relevant data and take the appropriate actions to improve overall quality and effectiveness of our programs. Identify connections to broader business impacts. Partner with analytics team members to… Promote a risk-aware culture, ensure efficient and effective risk and compliance management practices by adhering to require standards and processes. Skills: Skills Required: Bachelor’s degree required; Master’s degree in education, business, related field preferred 6+ years’ experience in a learning function, ideally with a learning design or program management background; 8+ years preferred Excellent communication, critical thinking and problem-solving skills functioning as a strong consultant to stakeholders Proven expertise in (and passion for) learning design and needs assessment Proven ability to manage stakeholders relationships Strong process and project management skills High level of comfort with ambiguity LI-NB1 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.