Requisition ID: MED003706 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. Merck’s Global Human Health (GHH) Division abides by a “patient first, profits later” ideology. Results-driven and ambitious, this team of individuals represents a functional balance between meeting company objectives and the needs of people around the world. The organization is comprised of sales and marketing professionals who are passionate about their role in bringing Merck's prescription medicines, vaccines, and other medical products to our customers worldwide. The mission of Merck Educational Engagement is to transform the Merck promotional medical education experience to more effectively reach our customers with relevant, trusted information that is delivered consistent with customer preferences. This is accomplished by helping our customers drive positive health outcomes through dynamic educational engagements relating to the healthcare environment, disease states, and products. The Merck Educational Engagement Technical Operations Specialist is responsible for several key duties: Participates and informs the tactical planning and execution of U.S. promotional medical education programs known as Merck Medical Forums (MMF). This includes the classification, strategic utilization, planning, and management of speakers. Understanding and implementing processes which support the Pharma Code, Voluntary Transparency and Physician Payment Sunshine Act. Collaborates with strategic partners/vendors to ensure that manual and automated systems support current business requirements and processes. Manage day to day issues around scheduling, utilization monitoring and speaker contracting that are escalated from outsource business partner. As needed, provide scheduling, training, process implementation expertise to ensure all business objectives are accomplished while addressing all compliance and process concerns. Identify areas for process improvements, evaluate possible solutions and implement change where appropriate. Project management and participation in testing and roll-out of system enhancements, fixes and new functionality to relevant operational systems and other business applications essential to meeting business requirements. Provide oversight of work being performed by in-house outsourced staff. Develops, compiles and presents analyses of data to all levels of the organization. Additional Competencies include: Business & Financial Acumen: Demonstrates a strong working knowledge of the strategic focus of medical education in support of the brand and business objectives. Work across Boundaries: Collaborates effectively with multiple internal and external stakeholders within a cross-functional matrix environment. Regulatory, Compliance & Risk Management: Demonstrates and executes duties and responsibilities with a thorough understanding of both the letter and spirit of internal and external policies, laws and regulatory requirements. Qualifications Education Minimum Requirement: Required: BA/BS Preferred: MA/MS/MBA Required Experience and Skills: Strong planning, communication, facilitation, conflict resolution, and negotiation skills. Ability to collaborate cross-functionally. Experience solving complex problems; and uses expertise to identify innovative solutions on how to manage daily processes within compliance and according to local laws and regulations. Proficient using MS Office Suite (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel) Minimum of (1) year of experience in U.S. Market Sales/Training/Education/Operations and/or Marketing which can include but is not limited to Field Sales, Field Sales Support, Product Management, Promotion Management, Market Research, or Customer Interfacing role, e.g. Sales, Speaker Liaison, Health Science Consultant, Managed Care, Medical Education , Pharmacy Affairs within the Pharmaceutical industry. Experience writing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Preferred Experience and Skills: Demonstrated ability to manage external vendor partners. Project Management Understanding of web-based technology capabilities and relationship to other channels Medical education implementation/execution experience Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement Job: Medical Affairs Operations Other Locations: Employee Status: Regular Travel: Number of Openings: 1 Shift (if applicable): N/A Hazardous Materials: None Company Trade Name: Merck