Tour Consultant EF Go Ahead Tours Cambridge, MA If you are looking for a career at the forefront of the travel industry while working alongside some of the most passionate and motivated people you’ve ever met, EF Go Ahead Tours might be the place for you. EF Go Ahead Tours Go Ahead Tours is the adult travel division of EF Education First. We are a travel-obsessed, high energy, and passionate team driven to help as many people explore the world as possible. As the world’s largest private education company, we draw on 50 years of experience and a rich network of local Tour Directors, historians, and experts to create one-of-a-kind journeys for curious travelers. The Role Tour Consultants work as part of a dedicated team responsible for qualifying and generating sales to achieve growth in their regions. As part of our Sales Development Program you’ll receive lots of one on one attention designed to tailor your skill development and professional growth. You will have the opportunity to impact your own success by combining your strengths in sales, consulting, relationship building, and strategy. Being equally light-hearted and competitive are pluses as you’ll be joining a team motivated by hitting goals and having fun. About the Candidate You love sales You’re fearless with a true entrepreneurial spirit You like to move fast and have tireless energy for what you believe in You’re naturally curious with an ability to ask the right questions and anticipate needs You’re adaptable, competitive, and highly motivated – a team player and anindividual contributor You seek out feedback and run with it You thrive in an open work environment where you can share ideas and learn from your peers You’re passionate about travel and helping others experience the world The Extras Enjoy our market-leading benefits package including top of the line health coverage, 401k with company match, tuition reimbursement, three weeks paid vacation your first year, and four weeks in your second year and beyond Cross new countries off your personal bucket list with paid international business travel And tons more! About EF Education First We’re 43,500 small. We’re teachers and students, creatives and analysts, visionaries and doers. We are 120 nationalities—and counting. Together, we open the world through education, breaking down barriers of language, culture and geography all over the world. Over the past 50 years, our mission has grown to include a diverse range of programs that give millions of students of all ages the freedom and confidence to explore the world through language, travel and academic opportunities. _Follow us on_ _LinkedIn_ _or check out_ _http://careers.ef.com_ _to learn more about our amazing team, products, and customers._