Salary Range $17.87 - $28.60/per hour, DOE Grade 111 Work Schedule 8:00am to 5:00pm Monday – Friday College Summer 7:30am – 6:00pm Monday - Thursday Work Calendar 12 Months Job Summary Provides specialized technical support for equipment, networks, systems, telecommunications and technology security with a focus on Apple products in an educational environment. Essential Functions 50% - Provides specialized support for iMac desktops, responds to requests or help desk tickets 15% - Maintains system inventory, documentation, storage and security of equipment 15% - Performs advanced troubleshooting and repair of technology systems and devices 10% - Assists with any audio/visual set up/removal and troubleshoots A/V equipment as needed for campus events or classroom needs 10% - Performs other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications High School Diploma or GED and three years of experience with desktop user support or technical support for equipment, networks, systems, telecommunications, or technology security, appropriate to assignment. OR An equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties of the job such as those listed above, unless otherwise subject to any other requirements set forth in law or regulation. Desired Qualifications 1\. Two (2) year technical degree 2\. Two (2) or more years of experience configuring various models of Tablets and Smart Phones (Apple, Android, etc.) 3\. Two (2) or more years of experience troubleshooting problems and repairing iMac/PC systems & devices 4\. One (1) Year experience with Jamf or other Mobility Device Management (MDM) systems 5\. One (1) Year experience Asset Management and inventory control 6\. Experience imaging desktop technologies and/or Enterprise Management Systems 7\. Experience with Mac/PC application installs and integration - Creative Cloud, Final Cut, AVID, Autocad Special Working Conditions Positions in this class may require CRT viewing. Exposure to cold temperatures, excessive noise, and lifting up to 50 lbs. objects. How to Apply Applicants must submit a cover letter that details how the applicant meets minimum and desired qualifications. Applications without a cover letter will be incomplete and will not be considered. Please ensure your resume and cover letter provide the following items: Clearly illustrate how prior experience, knowledge and education meet the minimum and desired qualifications for this position. Provide employment history in a month/year format (e.g., 09/07 to 10/11) including job title, job duties, and name of employer for each position. Three professional references, preferably current and/or former supervisors. If references are not provided in resume upon application, they will be requested at time of interview. Posting Close Date Open until filled. First review 6/18/2018 EEO Information Maricopa County Community College District (MCCCD) will not discriminate, nor tolerate discrimination in employment or education, against any applicant, employee, or student because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status (including document abuse), age, disability, veteran status or genetic information.