Operations DataVox is growing and has an exciting opportunity for an Entry Level CAD Technician to join our team of AV professionals. A successful candidate with create drawings based on the designs provided by members within our AV and Sales department. The ideal candidate will have a great combination of customer service and technical skills in AutoCAD, Revit, Visio, and D-tools. DataVox Business Summary: Since 1988, thousands of businesses have counted on DataVox to be their trusted advanced technology partner. With DataVox, your organization can enjoy the convenience of working with a single company to design, implement and maintain all aspects of their audio visual, cloud, data center and network technologies, IT support and managed services, network cabling, phone systems and physical security solutions. DataVox has over 275 employees and serves over 7000 customers. Our award-winning customer service team is here to support your organization 24 hours a day / 7 days a week. Nine-Time Winner, Award of Excellence: Winner of Distinction, Houston Better Business Bureau Two-Time Recipient of Houston Better Business Bureau Pinnacle Award, the BBB’s highest honor. Headquartered in Houston, TX and an office in Fort Worth, TX with a state of the art technology showcase and customer demonstration suite. Job Functions & Responsibilities: Creates drawings for current and future projects based on the designs provided by Sales and AV team members Reviews and prepares entire sets of plans for design projects Daily use of AutoCAD 2016, D-Tools, Revit and various other software programs Education & Qualifications: Associate’s Degree in Computer Aided Drafting (CAD) or related field is a plus 1-2 years of work experience in a technical setting 1-2 years of experience with AutoCAD 1-2 years of experience with Visio (Rack Elevations, Schematic Drawings) Able to discuss completed designs and drawings with staff members Experience with D-Tools is a plus Experience with Revit is a plus Strong computer skills, including use of: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project, Visio, etc. Strong organizational and time management skills Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Must pass background check and drug screening Benefits: Medical / Dental / Vision 401(k) Vacation / Sick / Company Paid Holidays