Supplier Integration Associate Overview of Supply Chain Integrations The Supply Chain Integration (SCI) team at Wayfair is the team responsible for building and maintaining all technical integrations between Wayfair and our external business partners using our growing EDI and API platforms. It is focused on strengthening and scaling our technical systems used by our growing supplier base and always pushing to be on the forefront of tech operations in e-commerce. Supply Chain Integration is often the bridge between the technical and non-technical worlds, which requires the team to collaborate cross functionally with many departments and external stakeholders, balancing between meeting technical and business priorities of Wayfair, suppliers, and third party vendors. Ideal candidates for this growing team will value collaboration, creative ideation, and using data to solve complex challenges in supply chain management operations. We are looking for team members who, when presented with a problem, demonstrate systems thinking and practical on-the-ground tactical thinking. Candidates will work with internal teams and suppliers to uncover data trends, identify root causes, and develop and implement innovative solutions. Those under consideration will ideally be passionate about leveraging technology to productively disrupt the supply chain management industry and improve operational efficiency and performance. Team- oriented individuals with strong communication skills will be viewed as ideal candidates during in the hiring process. Primary responsibilities of the role Follow defined process flow for using technology to trade order related data in an efficient manner: Purchase Orders, Invoices, Shipping Information, Inventory, etc. Work closely with internal teams such as Supplier Operations, Category Management, and Engineering to develop long term solutions to both common and uncommon data transfer issues Use a range of tools and data sources to rapidly respond to real-time data integration problems Analyze data to perform root cause analyses and develop lasting solutions for complex problems leveraging SQL, advanced excel, and other tools for data collection and analysis Identifying trends in performance and offering recommendations Drive KPIs related to Data Integration and Supplier Operations Experience & skills required for success minimum of 1 year of work or internship experience Actively seek out and create new opportunities and ideas Comfortable in a fast-paced and constantly changing work environment Eagerness to dive into the details of an issue and bring forward outside the box solution ideas Analytical thinking, entrepreneurial spirit, and results-driven Ability to drive cross-functional initiatives and balance multiple projects simultaneously Excellent written and presentation skills, adapting to one’s audience Opportunities for growth Self-starters find and create opportunity to work cross-functionally on new and exciting projects Find something that could work better? Offer up an idea to fix it! Business strategy at a large, fast-growing, international e-commerce company Leveraging technology (tools, languages, etc.) to build faster, smarter, automated systems About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $4.7 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 7,700 people.