CC - Consultant - CPR - New York - 037368 Description The Practice Capgemini Consulting (CC) is the autonomous global strategy and transformation consulting Business Unit of the Capgemini Group. As a leader in business transformation, Capgemini Consulting has a collaborative approach to designing and implementing transformation programs. Comprised of more than 4,000 consultants in over 30 countries, our global network of strategy and transformation experts partner with C-suite Executives to develop and implement effective strategies to address critical business issues. Capgemini Consulting North America (CC NA) operates as an independent national practice with approximately 240 consultants. Our size and strong growth ambition couple to give us a pure entrepreneurial spirit. With the support of a broader global organization. Capgemini Consulting offers: Management consulting focus on strategy, development and execution A community of bright, highly-motivated professionals An entrepreneurial environment which allows great opportunity for motivated leaders to have a marked impact in developing and growing the community A fun, team-oriented, go-getting environment with a focus on working in and supporting the communities where we live The opportunity for you to own your career and actively participate in your professional development Capgemini Consulting serves industries such as: Consumer Products, Distribution, Financial Services, High Tech, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Oil & Gas, and Retail. We deliver sector-focused solutions across the following capability areas: Corporate Strategy, Business Model Transformation, Operational Excellence, and Digital Customer Experience. All of our work is supported by the concept of Digital Transformation. Hub office locations are Atlanta, Chicago, Houston, New York and South San Francisco. Please visit our website at: www.capgemini-consulting.com In this position, you will be challenged on an assortment of projects across our market units, providing you depth and breadth of knowledge and experience. Our growth ambition and collaborative approach to work with clients combine to create a business culture that allows new consultants to dive right in and become an integral part of the team immediately. The entrepreneurial working style and size of our practice allows you to create a name for yourself, shine early on and have a significant impact on our clients and on our company. Scope & Responsibilities A Consultant at Capgemini will focus on the analysis, design and development of functional solutions for clients in a team environment. He/she will work alongside functional and industry specialists to assist with the creation of functional deliverables using established processes and procedures. He/she will contribute to client satisfaction by providing timely and responsive value-added services and work products and use individual functional knowledge to ensure work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber to ensure client satisfaction. Responsibilities include: Conduct primary and secondary research to create content for analysis Execute analysis and demonstrate core business skills Communicate work procedures and status of work clearly to senior project members and clients Develop client-ready deliverables through heavy use of PowerPoint and Excel, among other Microsoft Office products Support senior project members in project management activities Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications Requirements The candidate must possess: An ideal candidate is motivated to deliver high quality work to drive customer satisfaction. This person uses their intellect, insight and the ability to influence to build creative solutions with clients and colleagues while embracing a collaborative mind-set. Additional requirements include: 0-2 years post-undergraduate experience at an established management consulting and/or industry firm Excellent written/oral communication and interpersonal skills, fluent in English Strong Microsoft Office suite skills: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint (Visio and Access are pluses) Strong presence with good relationship-building and interpersonal skills Undergraduate degree required About Your Career This position presents a unique career opportunity to work within a start-up setting within a large multi-national organization. Capgemini Consulting offers its consultants a REAL Opportunity to build strong relationships, gain depth and breadth of experience, add value to our business and our clients while continuously learning and growing professionally and personally. Embracing the new challenges of your career with Capgemini Consulting immediately places you in a high-performance environment where you will work on solving seemingly unsolvable problems with innovative means and adopting bold approaches to deliver results for our clients. About Capgemini Group A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count. Capgemini has a competitive benefits package that includes Health, Dental, group life insurance, short and long term disability, group automobile, homeowners, and legal plan insurance, as well as competitive salaries and profit sharing/401(k) plan. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equalemployment-opportunity-is-the-law Schedule : Full-time Primary Location : US-IL-Chicago Organization : People Practice North America