KARL STORZ Endoscopy-America, Inc., is an affiliate of KARL STORZ SE & Co. KG, an international leader for more than 70 years in reusable endoscope technology, encompassing all endoscopic specialties. Based in Tuttlingen, Germany, KARL STORZ SE & Co. KG is a family-owned company that designs, engineers, manufactures, and markets all its products with an emphasis on visionary design, precision craftsmanship and clinical effectiveness. Headquartered in El Segundo, California, KSEA is responsible for all U.S. distribution of endoscopes, instruments, imaging systems, electromechanical devices and OR1® integration technologies. Business Intelligence & Reporting Analyst II will support, define, and execute upon short/long-term plans to create system solutions that will enable decision makers to efficiently consume, manage, and leverage data. This position seeks Subject Matter Expert recognition in the use of Business Intelligence and Data Visualization to gain strategic insights. The role will partner with business stakeholders and IT to deliver reports and dashboards using Tableau, SAP, Fiori, Excel, Access, and other tools as necessary. The Analyst will create and/or support data models of varying complexity from concept to completion. Analyst will also support the identification and resolution of BW Data Transformation issues affecting reconciliation. This position reports to Financial Systems / Finance. Primary Responsibilities: Drive design and creation of innovative visual analytics to help aid with the identification of patterns, trends, and anomalies (i.e. interactive Dashboards) Facilitate design sessions with partners to translate existing functional reporting into visual analytics with ease of access/consumption—followed by design, deployment and on-going enhancements Create internal data models to support business needs and to serve as a prototype for SAP HANA builds Troubleshoot and reconcile data issues and potential impacts, educate partners on definitions and structures, work to resolve and communicate issues Establish methodologies for analyzing user frequency, value, and other key metrics for the BI Reporting efforts Support relationship with the BI IT team including managing and providing requirements/feedback and UAT Innovate new ways to improve existing reports and daily functions Primary partners: Finance, Sales, Marketing, and Executive leadership Required Skills Experience and Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Mathematics, or Computer Science Tableau: 2+ years Tableau experience (Qualified Associate certification a plus) Samples of Tableau dashboards to illustrate candidate’s skill and experience Proficiency in using parameters, data joins / blends / unions, and complex table calculations Ability to work with stakeholders on technical build of dashboards Experience with other data visualization tools/design and underlying relational DB structure: Power BI, Fiori, QlikView, Excel, Access 3-5 years experience in Financial Reporting, Analytics, Decision Support, Financial Systems Ability to reconcile data across multiple systems to the transactional level Ability to accurately manipulate large data sets; ability to query, sort, merge, combine, and summarize (e.g. SQL Server / MS Access) Ability to use data to “tell a story” using visuals, flow, and interaction Experience creating internal business cases outlining favorable ROI and hard/soft benefits to the organization—how will the business benefit? Ability to conceptualize from big picture down to detail level Strong consultative, analytical, and problem solving skills Experience in healthcare a plus Advanced PC skills in MS Office applications KARL STORZ reserves the right to change or modify the employee’s job description whether orally or in writing, at any time during the employment relationship. Additionally, KARL STORZ, through its supervisors, may require an employee to perform duties outside their normal description within the sole discretion of the supervisor. Employee must comply will all applicable KARL STORZ policies and procedures _KSEA provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, KSEA complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment._