Job no: 495028 Work type: Full Time Regular Location: Arizona Categories: Banking, Information Technology Mutual of Omaha Bank is seeking a candidate that’s excited to come into a growing organization and make an impact. Mutual of Omaha Bank is a top-rated, mid-tier bank with a passion for customer service and a drive to find new areas to expand. We are seeking a junior to mid-level SalesForce Administrator to join our team. These individuals will work in our SalesForce environment and manages the account and reporting issues, data setup and security for the enterprise. This position interprets technical data, designs custom reports, manages requests, troubleshoots issues, and is involved in user training sessions. This position would apply business objectives utilizing Salesforce principles and effectively communicates output with the designated business unit. Essential Job Functions: Responsible for daily administration and support of enterprise Salesforce database including, but not limited to managing multiple user setup, ensuring organizational hierarchy, profiles and roles are up to date, record management, and administrating customization of objects, fields, record types, page layouts and validations. Create and manage complex workflow rules, data validation and triggers. Develop and create customized reports and dashboards Create, train, provide technical support and maintain documentation on processes, policies, application configuration and help modules for end users. Maintain and enhance data integrity through effective design, maintenance and security in the Salesforce.com instances Audit, uncover and resolve data integrity issues. Will be primarily responsible for front line response, providing daily customer and technical support, and managing daily tasks and service items. Works with business partners to integrate other sales software solutions with the Salesforce tool. (i.e. Precision Lender, IBISWorld, Outlook, LPL Financial, etc.). Uses Salesforce to promote marketing campaigns & other client expansion activities. Assists in the development and enforcement of standard enterprise policies and procedures governing the use of Salesforce. Keeps abreast of new Salesforce features and functionality, and provides recommendations for improvements and keeps users informed about system functionality. Collaborates with counterparts in IT (project, development, QA managers) and development resources to create and validate business requirements and project specification documents. Complies with all related Federal, State and Industry laws and regulations pertaining to Banking. This position requires extensive or prolonged typing/keyboarding. This position requires sitting over 66% of the time. This position requires Visual Acuity at 20 inches (or less) over 66% of the time. Minimum Qualifications: Experience as a Salesforce Administrator Salesforce.com Admin Certification, equivalent Salesforce certifications, or equivalent Salesforce experience Experience working with the Lightning platform Experience with SQL, Apex, HTML and/or Javascript preferred Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills with a demonstrated ability to quickly analyze and resolve issues. Excellent customer support, organization, problem solving, and analytical skills Available to travel to office and service providers Excellent technical support documentation skills Special Background and Criminal Check BPA (C): Confidentiality Agreement and Non-Solicitation of Employee and Customers Preferred Qualifications: 2+ years of experience as a Salesforce Administrator Experience with a financial organization with retail or commercial experience a plus Experience with DevOps methodologies and toolchain If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Human Resources Representative at 1-800-780-0304. We are available Monday through Friday 7 am to 4:30 pm CST. For all other inquiries, contact our HR Helpline at 1-800-365-1405, option 4. Mutual of Omaha and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran To All Recruitment Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Advertised: Jul 26, 2018 09:00 AM Mountain Daylight Time Applications close: