Richardson,Texas,United States BAUSP4 The Boeing Company is currently seeking a Database Administrator to join it's Richardson, Texas location. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Partner with customers to gather and document requirements and produce products as specified by the customer. Must be able to work across a diverse team of software and systems engineers, training development specialists, software technicians, and security specialists in a dynamic, high-paced environment. Must be able to successfully develop, plan and establish database performance baselines; monitoring performance trends to identify and correct problems; and customizing existing applications for the life of the project. Must be able to assure curricula integrity, security, configuration management, and version control. Must be able to collaborate with architects and technical specialists to identify proper hardware and software upgrade implementations. Must be able to plan, install, and test software upgrades and patches. Must Implement database security infrastructure and manages user accounts. Must work closely with IT project managers, database programmers, and multimedia programs to develop and implement the customer’s learning management system, business systems and development environments. Must prepare database documentation, including standards, procedures and definitions for deliverable data dictionaries (metadata) Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Basic Qualifications (Required): This position requires an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. This position requires an active Top Secret Clearance. Security Clearance/Special Program Access or other Government Access Requirements are mandatory for this position. Much of the work at The Boeing Company is of a classified nature and many positions require a security clearance, the granting of which is at the discretion of government authorities. Applicants must have a current Top Secret Security clearance. Additionally, applicants must be able to obtain program access. Security clearance upgrades and/or program access request will be initiated after the applicant's acceptance of the contingent offer. Filling this requisition is contingent based on the applicant's ability to obtain the required program access in a time frame established by program management. Relocation to Dallas, Texas will not be authorized before appropriate access is granted. Must have advanced SQL/Oracle database design and administration knowledge, be able to write scripts, query the system and generate customer reports. Desired Qualifications: Knowledge of IBM Rational ClearCase and BNH Advisor Enterprise; Yes, 10 % of the Time Commercial Derivative Aircraft Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company