Description While this announcement is open continuously, candidate screening will begin June 6, 2018. The hiring authority may make a hiring decision at any time. It will be to the applicants' advantage to submit materials as soon as possible. _Click here to find out more about Department of Revenue_ THE DIVISION : Revenue's Internal Audit program operates from the Executive division and conforms with _The_ _International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing._ We provide independent and objective assurance and consulting services, designed to add value and improve agency operations. This position reports to the Internal Audit Manager and is one of four professionals within the Internal Audit program. Duties This position leads and specializes in computer assisted audit techniques, and assists in assessing agency wide information technology related risks and controls. The incumbent will lead audits and consulting projects, as well as participate in IT audit planning and as a subject matter expert on integrated audits. The position requires a breadth of knowledge and experience in information technology governance, risk, and control concepts; a strong working knowledge of and ability to apply professional auditing standards; as well as solid writing and project management skills, a customer focus, and experience working effectively within a team environment. The Data Analytics Audit Manager administers the audit program's Computer Assisted Audit Techniques (CAATs) to include: Extracting and compiling data from agency and state enterprise systems Creating tools and mechanisms for enabling detailed analysis of data, detecting fraud, and reporting results Developing continuous audit and monitoring techniques used by internal audit staff and other customers The incumbent consults on divisional and agency-wide administrative policies and procedures, and advises on quality improvement teams. This team member further advises management on implications of audit findings or issues, and recommends corrective action and solutions. Qualifications _~ Please ensure that your work experience and letter of interest address the following~_ Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, and/or Accounting, Finance or related field. Minimum of five years professional auditing experience demonstrating progressive development of skills and responsibilities. Information technology (IT) audit experience to include: Developing and deploying computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) Data analytic methods using tools such as SQL (structured query language), ACL Data Analytics and continuous monitoring software, or other similar products Experience performing work following widely accepted professional audit standards such as:, The Institute of Internal Auditor's Professional Practice of Internal Auditing IIA Global Technology Audit Guides (GTAG) Guide to the Assessment of IT Risk (GAIT) Generally Accepted Audit Standards (GAAS), Generally Accepted Government Audit Standards (GAGAS) (Please list the standards with which you have experience in your letter of interest). Experience or familiarity with contemporary technology management and control principles and frameworks, such as: Information Systems and Control Association (ISACA) Control Objectives for Information and related Technologies (COBIT) Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) COSO Internal Control Framework (Please list the frameworks with which you have experience in your letter of interest). Experience in contemporary audit management, practices, and methodologies such as: Integrated audit approach Applying risk-based audit techniques Audit planning and objective setting Developing and executing audit work programs and documenting evidence Drawing conclusions and making recommendations Preference may be granted to those who also possess: Related professional certifications. Audit experience in state or local government or financial/banking services industry. Experience with the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) IT Security Standards Familiarity with the Office of Financial Management's (OFM) State Administrative and Accounting Manual (SAAM) Ability to: Establish exceptional customer relations through interpersonal skills and influence. Develop and present professional products, such as formal reports and training. Manage multiple activities and projects to successful completion. Throughout our selection processes, we will also evaluate candidates for knowledge, skills, abilities, behaviors and capacity for effective leadership that aligns with our agency culture. Supplemental Information To be considered, fully complete your online application template (including references) and attach: a Letter of interest , describing how you meet the specific qualifications listed in this announcement. _Failure to include requested materials may result in disqualification._ Questions? Email Jobs@dor.wa.gov or call (360) 704-5737 To take advantage of Veteran's preference please attach your DD-214, member 4 long form, or your NGB-22. Please black out your social security number and date of birth before attaching. The Department of Revenue is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and offer a respectful, inclusive culture for people with disabilities, as well as members of all protected groups and statuses. We encourage you to apply. If you need help during the application process, please call the Human Resources Office at 360-704-5731. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call through the Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388. Other important information: Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to the form in the position.