TITLE: Wireless Network Architect LOCATION: Fort Washington, PA TYPE: 12 plus month contract opportunity START DATE: August 2018 The Wireless Network Architect role is to develop and maintain the high-level design plan for the overall logical and technical network architecture. This individual is a Senior Infrastructure Architect/Engineer with responsibility for complex enterprise infrastructure environments primarily focused on wireless network technologies. This leader is responsible for maintaining network standards, strategic network road maps, and network solution designs across the organization. The Network Architect will gain organizational commitment for all high-level network infrastructure plans, and initiate and participate in projects to evaluate technologies and methods for implementing these plans. Plan, acquire, and coordinate installation of in-house and remote network Wireless devices and appliances across the organization’s network. Conduct research and make recommendations on wireless products, services, protocols, and standards in support of network procurement and development efforts. Design company Wireless networks, including Controllers, Access Points, ISE, Guest Access, Appliances, Monitoring Solutions and other devices. Participate in negotiations with vendors, outsourcers, and contractors to secure network products and services. Recommend improvements and/or alternatives on the company’s existing systems architecture and technology portfolio. Review new and existing network design projects and procurement or outsourcing plans for compliance with standards and architectural plans. Operational Management Establish and maintain regular written and in-person communications with the organization’s executives, decision-makers, stakeholders, department heads, and end users regarding pertinent network activities. Lead and administrate a contingent of network administrators and engineers. Collaborate with end users and senior management to define business requirements for complex network development and gain buy-in for all network architecture plans. Manage and set priorities for the architectural design, maintenance, development, and evaluation of all network infrastructures, including LANs, WANs, VMs, Internet, intranet, security, wireless implementations, and so on. Ensure compliance of network devices to Company standards in regards to device configuration and deployments. Define and maintain SOPs and quality standards Conduct feasibility studies for various upgrade projects, improvements, and other conversions. Ensure that the solutions being implemented are compliant with all relevant regulations, policies and procedures (i.e.: Sarbanes Oxley, privacy data practices, Bimbo corporate policies). The candidate should have a CCNP and/or CCIE certifications.