McAfee Skyhigh is looking for a Senior Competitive Intelligence Analyst who is a strong leader and communicator, to support the Sales and Product teams by providing insight and analysis on the cloud security market. This role will engage across various teams to define key research needs and conduct detailed product research to identify competitive advantages and generate compelling insights that improve sales effectiveness and product positioning decisions. Responsibilities Include: Understand the Cloud security market, current and emerging competitive threats, competitors’ product strengths and weaknesses. Systematically gather and assess information to understand the competitive landscape and develop pragmatic insights that drive action and outcomes Formulate competitive sales strategies, positioning and tools to improve sales effectiveness. Work directly with the sales team to help close opportunities Support Product Management with product feature gap analysis, competitive threats and product launch strategies derived from competitive analysis Work with product marketing to create product content that articulate the benefits & differentiators of our product offerings Analyze data and build executive reports on win/loss Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Market Research; Cloud, security and/or Entrepreneurial experience preferred. 5+ years of experience in competitive intelligence, research or product marketing Solid understanding of the sales lifecycle and purchaser mindset. Strong insight generation, influencing and business acumen skills. Proven ability to analyze markets, products and competitors and translate that information into actionable intelligence, positioning campaigns and sales tools. Excellent written and verbal skills with the ability to quickly create collateral to differentiate the McAfee Skyhigh’s product offering. Job type: Experienced Hire Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: Posting Statement: McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.