The University of Southern California (USC), founded in 1880, is located in the heart of downtown L.A. and is the largest private employer in the City of Los Angeles. As an employee of USC, you will be a part of a world-class research university and a member of the “Trojan Family,” which is comprised of the faculty, students and staff that make the university what it is. The USC University Advancement division is seeking a Budget & Business Analyst to join its USC Alumni Association Finance team and provide support to the USC Alumni Association’s business operations. The Budget & Business Analyst will report to the Deputy Administrative Director of the USC Alumni Association and will assist with analyzing, auditing, monitoring, reconciling and reporting on various departmental financial business activities. The incumbent in this position will also assist with various financial, business office and procurement services including setting up new vendors, creating, editing and executing purchase orders, check requests, internal requisitions, invoice tracking and payment reconciliation, etc. USC has excellent benefits, including health benefits for staff & their family with access to the renowned university medical network; eligibility for retirement plans with employer contributions after six (6) months of employment; tuition benefits for staff & their family; free professional development online courses; central Los Angeles location with convenient access to commuter trains, buses & free tram pick-up services; discounts to football, basketball & other campus events. The University of Southern California values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. _Minimum Education_ _:_ Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in business administration, accounting or a related degree. Combined experience/education may serve as a substitute for the minimum educational requirements. _Minimum Field of Experience_ _:_ Accounting, Business Administration and Budget Management experience required; knowledge of government and/or fund accounting is helpful. Strong computer skills, demonstrated experience using MS Excel spreadsheets, as well as building, editing and manipulating Excel formulas are required. _Preferred Experience_ _:_ Four (4) years or more of experience performing financial processes related to Alumni Relations business affairs or similar business unit in reconciling transactions on general ledgers, investigating and resolving accounting variances, assisting with budget preparation, preparing gift and non-gift deposits, researching and interpreting accounting transactions for the preparation of scholarship statements, etc. is strongly preferred. $50,000 - $56,000 a year