Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services - and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and work across a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven - and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Candidate Evaluation Consultant, you will be helping Google preserve our mission and culture by consistently upholding Google’s hiring bar. The Offer Review team has a hand in assessing every single technical candidate before a job offer is extended. We are a team that is uniquely positioned to partner at scale with teams across the company on how and who we hire into every role, organization and geography at Google. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Assess all technical job applicant finalists fairly and consistently against Google’s hiring bar and teach Googlers to do the same. Partner with sourcers, recruiters, interviewers, hiring committees, senior executives and People Operations leaders to ensure all aspects of our candidate evaluation process are clearly communicated and that every Googler involved is calibrated and consistent. Collect, maintain, and analyze information to track effectiveness of the offer review program and make recommendations to improve our strategies. Participate in cross-functional projects focused on improving the quality and efficiency of hiring systems and processes at Google. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of relevant work experience. Preferred qualifications: Ability to think, plan and execute on multiple projects simultaneously in an organized fashion. Strong attention to detail. Ability to work effectively in a team environment and creatively solve problems. Excellent communication skills, with an emphasis on tact and diplomacy. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.