How you will help Working with our product and data science teams, you will own and be responsible for the technical integration of clients and partners. You will have a strong technical understanding of the components of our system and how they interact with other platforms and work with internal resources to solve any challenges that may arrive. You will play an integral part in building the foundation of everything to come. What you will do Be a primary technical point of contact for clients and partners Assist with technical integration of HealthVerity tools and solutions Work closely with Project Management to set expectations and meet deadlines Work closely with Engineering team to build solutions to meet client needs About You You are... Adept with client facing communication and relationships Experienced working on integrations with 3rd party technical teams Someone who dives deep into the granular details of complex explanations Capable of simplifying complex explanations Data driven, testing and measuring as much as you can Comfortable on the command line and consider it an essential tool Confident in SQL, you know it, write smart queries, it’s no big deal Desired Skills and Experience Knowledge of security requirements, web services, service-oriented architecture, design patterns, and automated unit testing 3+ years of IT and business/industry work experience 3+ years experience in programming in a client-server environment, and data analysis Added bonus: understanding of Healthcare IT standards such as HL7 HQMF, HL7 CDA-based standards, and FHIR HealthVerity , headquartered in Philadelphia, is a venture-backed software company leveraging state-of-the-art technologies to empower healthcare organizations to discover, license and link traditional and emerging data for advanced analytics. By applying novel modern solutions to longstanding problems, we see a significant opportunity to improve the way our clients engage with patients. This is a unique opportunity to join an experienced and entrepreneurial management team to address a large unmet need and build the industry’s most flexible and scalable cloud platform for large-scale healthcare data. Our company challenges Empowering clients with highly rewarding data discovery and licensing tools Ingesting and managing billions of healthcare records from a wide variety of partners Standardizing on common data models across data types Orchestrating an industry-leading HIPAA privacy layer Innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms Building a culture that supports rapid iteration and new possibilities The infrastructure and culture we are building will provide an environment that cultivates innovation. We want to move fast knowing we can fix anything we break along the way. If a new need arises, we want to turn around a solution quickly. We want to solve our challenges in ways that create even more possibilities. We’re creating a platform that lets us discover what else we might do. We have big plans We are building a platform that will scale to support an ever-growing array of data providers and innovative products. You must be able to think big while still delivering on near-term requirements. HealthVerity is an Equal Opportunity Employer