Since 1940, Dairy Queen® has been one of the world’s best known and loved brands. Based in Minneapolis, MN, International Dairy Queen Inc., (IDQ), is the parent company of American Dairy Queen Corporation. As a leading franchisor, there are more than 6,700 independently owned and operated restaurants in the U.S., Canada and 25 countries around the world. IDQ is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) which is led by Warren Buffett, the legendary investor and CEO of Berkshire. Here at IDQ, we create extraordinary Fan experiences every day and we do this through our commitment to hiring and retaining only the best in class talent. We firmly believe that our employees are the catalyst to the success of the company where their initiative, strategic thinking, and entrepreneurial spirit are recognized and rewarded. We're looking for motivated, passionate and dedicated individuals with an inherent need and ambition to go after bigger challenges. We have an exciting opportunity available for a Director of Retail Technology located in Edina, MN at our Franchise Support Center. This position is responsible for business strategy, innovation and continuing road mapping of retail and payment technology, including: 1) business and technical infrastructure; 2) data and payment security; 3) integrations, POS software services and business applications; 4) vendor selection and vendor performance based on service level agreements (SLAs) within business contracts. Coordinate planning, execution and management of retail technology services. Collaborate with digital / mobile / web teammates to support effective omni channel incorporation and representation of fan experience elements in the retail technology environment. Key Accountabilities Include: Provide leadership, direction and guidance for retail technology enhancement across the business, including menu software and business applications that impact and improve restaurant operations and fan experience elements Collaborate with vendors to deliver services and support that continuously improve our retail technology platform. Work with vendors to provide value and engagement with respect to our road mapping processes, while ensuring accountability for ongoing Lead ideation, planning and execution for testing and deployment of large scale technology platforms Direct and manage technical and training support opportunities, to ensure proactive and reactive service and support for franchisees and field team members Present meaningful and timely updates to various audiences, including corporate leadership, franchisee leadership councils and corporate employees, as appropriate. Collaborate with other business groups and project staff to ensure effective communication, while monitoring for systemic issues and concerns that need attention Research new technology for potential application. Keep abreast of current trends in the restaurant technology industry, including the growing area of mobile applications, social media integrations, AI, IoT, etc. Required Skills Required Experience B.A. or B.S. Degree in IS, IT or related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience 8+ years of related retail technology knowledge and skills 5+ years strategic road mapping experience Experience with project planning and leading large-scale technology rollouts Knowledge of PCI security and payment technologies 2+ years of mobile applications / integration experience is a plus 3 to 5 years of experience in managing, developing and leading a Retail Technology Team Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including strong public speaking skills Benefit package includes medical, dental and vision insurance coverage, employer paid basic life insurance, short and long-term disability, paid sick and vacation, 401(k) match, tuition reimbursement, wellness challenges and more! IDQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. IDQ participates in the US E-Verify program.