Solution Architect – Life Sciences Data Storage Seattle, Remote Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Solutions Architect on our Unstrucutred Data Storage team in Seattle. The Dell EMC Unstructured Data Storage Team is looking for an extraordinary individual with a blend of deep technical skills, analytical thinking, and proven business acumen. This individual will be responsible for the thought leadership, marketing collateral, and hands-on technical validation of our storage products in the Life Sciences and commercial High-Performance Computing (HPC) HPC industry. This role reports into the technical marketing group within the Dell EMC Elastic Cloud Storage (ECS) and Isilon scale-out NAS Unstructured Data Storage product team. The position is responsible for architecting and validating proven technical solutions leveraging ECS, Isilon, any future unstructured storage products with solutions such as Illumina, iRODS, Edico Genome, Petagene. In an industry where each customer environment is a highly complex and bespoke architecture, the Life Sciences Solutions Architect will draw upon their technical expertise and deep understanding of genomic sequencing and bioinformatics to document best practices for Isilon and other products in our portfolio. The ideal candidate for this role will survey the industry landscape and help Dell EMC define technical reference architectures for innovative Life Sciences solutions. The successful candidate will support technical alliances with strategic Life Sciences ecosystem partners and find technical integration points to drive more compelling solutions. The Life Sciences Solutions Architect will articulate to potential partners the value of investing technical resources in testing and documenting solutions using Isilon and Dell EMC products. The Solutions Architect will work jointly with partners to develop test plans with clear milestones and delivery dates, and invest hands-on time to build test environments, documenting technical evidence in the form of reference architectures, best practice guides, etc. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Design compelling solutions to real world technical challenges using ECS, Isilon, and other Dell EMC portfolio products. Test and validate technology partner products with ECS, Isilon, and other Dell EMC portfolio products to establish compatibilities and validated solutions. Additionally, this role will be responsible for the ongoing quality engineering and testing of software that has already been validated with ECS, Isilon, and other Dell EMC portfolio products Drive thought leadership in the Life Sciences industry though multiple channels including industry events, creation of blogs, white papers, reference architectures, validated solutions, and similar influential means. Provide Life Sciences subject matter expertise to Dell EMC product management, engineering, and strategic customers. Participate in the development of the overall Dell EMC Life Sciences solution partner ecosystem strategy – including technology partner planning, technical integration and validation planning, sales enablement planning, and go-to-market planning. Work with Marketing to publish and highlight customer wins through case studies, PR, and social media. Create collateral which Dell EMC sales, Dell EMC Channel Partners, and 3rd party software alliance partners can leverage to present the Dell EMC Advanced Software Division value proposition to their customers and prospects. Develop and manage long term technical and business relationships with strategic technology partners. INDUSTRY SPECIFIC SKILLS In-depth knowledge of network attached storage and object storage system administration. Demonstrated ability deliver professional technical documentation to both technical and executive-level audiences. CORE TECHNICAL SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Deep technical knowledge of genomic sequencing, bioinformatics, and emerging technologies in the field of Life Scinces. Exceptional critical thinking skills, willing to ask questions, determine root causes, offer solutions, and help resolve complex problems across a wide variety of hardware and software platforms. Adept with installation, configuration, optimization, and networking of server and storage platforms Expert at installing, configuring, troubleshooting, and managing current versions of Unix and Linux server operating systems. Experienced with installation, configuration, and troubleshooting Ethernet switches Experience designing, configuring, and troubleshooting TCP/IP networks including DNS, DHCP, Routing, Firewalls, NAT, and load balancers. Ability to implement, configure, and troubleshoot Microsoft Active Directory and LDAP. Knowledgeable with the various network file sharing protocols and APIs such as NFS, SMB, HTTP, and FTP. Ability to troubleshoot API-level interaction with cloud storage technologies, in particular the S3 and SWIFT APIs. Aptitude to successfully install and operate complex equipment and application software. Expert at building and presenting technical material. Proven ability to generate technical test plans, write technical documentation, describe workflows, and create precise technical illustrations. Able to leverage Python or Java scripting where possible to automate and work smarter not harder. DESIRED ATTRIBUTES Advanced degree in Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, or relevant experience in research and development for Life Sciences initiatives Takes initiative, is highly competent, demonstrates a sense of urgency, able to multi-task, is committed to quality, has a keen attention to detail, and requires minimal oversight. Able to work closely with senior management, who works and thinks independently and productively, and constantly seeks opportunities to make a difference and be the best at what they do. Effective communicator that can manage both business and technical relationships with a wide array of engineering colleagues and technology partners across the globe. Ability to communicate respectfully and professionally with colleagues, technical partners, and customers in both written and spoken form. Capable of confidently represent and discuss technical concepts and complex information in easy to understand ways to one person or to a forum of thousands of people. Works efficiently with virtual or remote accessible technology. Self-administers daily tasks as necessary to accomplish goals within the required deadlines. Responds to inquiries from colleagues, technical partners, and customers as appropriate to provide technical guidance and represent best practice methodologies. Ability to create projects and implementation plans, communicate and coordinate with internal and external resources as needed, and ensure project complete successfully and timely. Preferred level of experience: 5-10 years deploying complex Life Sciences solutions. Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.