I.T. Associates perform moderately complex professional work in technology- related disciplines. While areas of specialization vary, typically I.T. Associates work in areas such as development/programming, communications, technical support, or similar functions depending on the needs of the Information Technology area to which they report. Work tasks include resolving complex technology problems and serving as a technical resource. They have considerable latitude for independent initiative and judgment and may have supervisory responsibilities. I.T. Associates should demonstrate mastery of one or more technology-related disciplines. This job is in CUNY's Classified Civil Service. The full specification is available on our web site at http://www.cuny.edu/about/administration/offices/ohrm/hros/classification/ccsjobs.html CONTRACT TITLE IT Associate FLSA Exempt CAMPUS SPECIFIC INFORMATION The Office of Computing and Information Services (CIS) at the City University of New York (CUNY) support the IT and telecommunications needs of CUNY's 24 colleges. CIS supports enterprise IT and applications; develops new technologies that advance University's core mission; builds, upgrades and maintains the University's network; operates the University's Data Center and help desk; develops disaster recovery and business continuity plans; and leads the CUNYfirst Enterprise Resource Planning Project (ERP), which ntegrates 25 university systems, covering student administration, financial management, and human resources. Within CIS, the Systems, Storage, and Virtualization unit maintains and develops the service platforms for applications shared across the University. Reporting to the Windows and Linux Systems Manager, the Linux Systems Administrator will perform moderately complex systems administration tasks and serves as a technical resource for the Windows and Linux team within the Systems, Storage, and Virtualization unit. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Administers physical and virtual Red Hat Linux servers, including server deployment, operating system patching, component installation and configuration, and updating packages. Manages servers in development, testing, and production environments, and web/application/database tiers while adhering to proper change management and security procedures. Manages the provisioning and deactivation of user accounts and authorizations. Performs regular audits of system and application security, and implements corrective action as required. Identify and remedy inefficiencies with systems and procedures. Develops and maintains systems documentation and run books consistent with industry best practices for systems administration. Collaborates with members of other divisions within CIS to facilitate processes, projects, installations and formulation of operating policies and procedures for enterprise applications and Central Office LAN services. Performs related duties as assigned. Job duties require schedule flexibility and willingness to work evenings or weekends as required for systems-related tasks. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS High School Diploma, G.E.D., or equivalent An equivalent of seven years of experience post-high school that can be met by one of the following: seven years of full-time work experience in a computer or technology related position; an Associate's degree plus five years of full-time work experience in a computer or technology-related position; a Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution plus three years of full-time work experience in a computer or technology-related position Demonstrated English Language proficiency A Motor Vehicle Driver's license, valid in New York State, may be required for some, but not all positions. This job has three levels. To qualify for Levels 2 and 3, additional qualifications, such as education, experience, or certification relevant to the area of specialization are required. OTHER QUALIFICATIONS The ideal candidate will possess the following knowledge, skills, and abilities: Linux+, Red Hat or related technology certifications. Experience working in a Linux/UNIX environment including administration, maintenance and running Linux servers. Experience with scripting languages such as Bash and Python to develop automation scripts. Strong working knowledge of Linux command line. Basic knowledge of virtualization, storage, and networking. Ability to communicate effectively in group discussions and in writing. Exceptionally well-organized and able to effectively analyze and resolve complex problems while rendering sound resolutions, while articulating goals and managing multiple resources and priorities. Ability to work productively as an individual contributor and collaboratively as a team member in a fast-paced, time-sensitive, customer-responsive, and team-oriented environment. COMPENSATION Level 1: $66,710 Level 2: $73,609 Level 3: $82,813 BENEFITS CUNY offers a comprehensive benefits package to employees and eligible dependents based on job title and classification. Employees are also offered pension and Tax-Deferred Savings Plans. Part-time employees must meet a weekly or semester work hour criteria to be eligible for health benefits. Health benefits are also extended to retirees who meet the eligibility criteria. HOW TO APPLY For full consideration, submit a cover letter and résumé online via CUNY's web-based job system, addressing how your experience and credentials fulfill the responsibilities and qualifications outlined. The direct link to the job opening from external sources is: https://home.cunyfirst.cuny.edu/psp/cnyepprd/GUEST/HRMS/c /HRS _HRAM.HRS_ CE.GBL?Page=HRS _CE_ JOB_DTL&Action;=A&JobOpeningId;=18901&SiteId;=1&PostingSeq;=1 CLOSING DATE Open until filled with review of applications to begin June 15, 2018.. JOB SEARCH CATEGORY CUNY Job Posting: Information Technology/Technical EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY CUNY encourages people with disabilities, minorities, veterans and women to apply. At CUNY, Italian Americans are also included among our protected groups. Applicants and employees will not be discriminated against on the basis of any legally protected category, including sexual orientation or gender identity. EEO/AA/Vet/Disability Employer. _Job Title:_ Linux Systems Administrator - IT Associate Level 1 - 3 (Provisional) _Job ID:_ 18901