In the modern digital economy, our clients are looking to differentiate their businesses and seize the enormous growth opportunities that digital makes possible. At Cognizant Digital Engineering, we help them do just this. We engage clients in envisioning and building innovative products and experiences, delivered through a powerful digital-ready IT backbone. And we’re hiring for various roles. If you are passionate and driven about being involved in shaping next generation digital solutions, give us a shout. Role: Develop cloud native strategies and solutions for client requirements, leveraging platforms and methodologies such as PaaS/ Agile/ DevOps etc. Develop cloud native solution architectures for clients Contribute to developing repeatable solution frameworks/ platforms Collaborate with product owners, designers, business analysts in developing horizontal or industry specific offers Requirements: Extensive experience architecting and designing patterns of Java, Spring Core, Spring Boot based green-field development projects Experience in app development and architecture Experience in SOA based applications in Java/Microservices apps with frameworks and libraries such as Spring, Hibernate, J2EE, JDBC, JMS, JMX Understanding of Cloud Native principles and techniques such as Microservices/BDD; containers/Docker; Agile; 12 factor apps; test driven development; cloud Hands on experience on anyone of the platforms such as Cloud Foundry, Docker, PCF, BlueMix Knowledge of database design; source code testing frameworks; build pipelines Experience of having worked in agile development teams Excellent hands on coding expertise Software Engineering background Willingness to travel on consulting engagements Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 ELK PL1 Desired 2 XL Release PL1 Desired 3 NoSQL PL1 Required 4 Microservices PL1 Required 5 Rally PL1 Desired 6 Splunk PL1 Desired 7 MongoDB PL1 Desired 8 Jenkins PL1 Desired 9 Gradle PL1 Desired 10 GITHUB PL1 Desired 11 CouchBase PL1 Required 12 Cassandra PL1 Desired 13 Rest API PL1 Required 14 Spring Framework PL1 Required 15 Maven PL1 Desired Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Networks NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jun 14 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.