This certified lactation consultant provides education, support, and guidance to new mothers at Methodist Hospital through inpatient classes and consults as well as in an outpatient clinic setting. Graduate of an accredited school of nursing. Licensed Registered Nurse in the State of Minnesota. Completion of advanced lactation management course. Current certification or experience as a lactation consultant is preferred . Special Knowledge/Skill/Certifications/Licenses: Ability to work independently without supervision. Ability to interact effectively with patients. Ability to organize time efficiently and effectively. Ability to utilize assessment and problem-solving skills effectively. Cooperative working relationships with all members of the healthcare team. Display strong communication skills with physicians and hospital staff. Ability to act as a role model for other professional staff. Ability to develop and implement personal plan for continued growth and self- development. Ability to work with flexible time schedules as a means of meeting the patient’s lactation support needs. Display knowledge of change process and how to affect change. Complete ongoing education specific to breastfeeding as a requirement of lactation recertification. Additional Information Lactation Consultant must have current IBCLC certification. Positions includes supporting inpatient, outpatient, phone triage, special care nursery, and supporting the Mom/Baby Café postpartum lactation program. The lactation team also supports the donor milk depot, the health and care store sales, and donor breast milk sales. Position includes weekends, may also include off-shift hours, and off-site travel. This position must possess head and heart together behaviors. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. The Organization At Park Nicollet you're part of something bigger. We're a member of the HealthPartners organization, an award-winning integrated health care system comprised of several organizations. HealthPartners includes a team of 21,000 people dedicated to making a difference for our members, patients and the community. Whether you want to work in direct patient care, or support those who do, you will find a vast variety of job opportunities. Here, your contributions help to improve lives and impact health care for the better. If you want to make a difference, we want you on our team. Park Nicollet Mission, Vision and Values Mission: Our mission is to improve health and well-being in partnership with our members, patients and community. Vision: Health as it could be, affordability as it must be, through relationships built on trust. Values: Excellence We strive for the best results and always look for ways to improve. Compassion We care and show empathy and respect for each person. Partnership We are strongest when we work together and with those we serve. Integrity We are open and honest, and we keep our commitments. What makes us unique?