Overview Build your career with Clemens Food Group and be a part of an exciting, collaborative, team environment. At Clemens Food Group, we want you to constructively challenge and have your ideas heard. We are looking for diverse individuals who push the limits and think outside the box! Clemens Food Group realizes that our team members are the key to our success. Come be a part of our team and see your ideas in action! Responsibilities SUMMARY The primary purpose of this position is to support the execution of functions necessary for reconciliation and accuracy of receiving, status changes, recovering damaged and lost products, and the investigation and reporting of inventory deviations. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Including but not limited to the following: Daily execution of spacewaster (SPW) report (pull product, rotate, change inventory status) Execution of rotation of products as determined by Supervisor or Operator 4 Execution of cycle count in defined locations “On the floor” reconciliation and investigation of inventory discrepancies Reviewing daily reports to correct inventory and to collect data and report to Supervisor or Operator 4 Recovery, reboxing, and/or relabeling of damaged and/or lost product Daily management of defined areas to assist in inventory accountability ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Including but not limited to the following: Investigation and reconciliations of inventory inaccuracies Execution of supplementary inventory functions (special counts, product rotations, etc.) Documenting data in tracking files Compile data and present information in inventory meetings Maintains standards of housekeeping and cleanliness Follows all Core Values and Key Expectations SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES This job has no supervisory responsibilities. SPECIAL SKILLS Working and practical knowledge of the following systems: JDA (Warehouse Management System) SAP Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE High school diploma or general education degree (GED) preferred. Warehousing experience necessary. Inventory experience preferred. LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read a limited number of two- and three-syllable words and to recognize similarities and differences between words and between series of numbers. Ability to print and speak simple sentences. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's. Ability to perform these operations using units of weight measurement, volume, and distance. REASONING ABILITY Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed instructions. Ability to deal with standardized situations with only occasional or no variables. Ability to observe, collect, and interpret data to come to a conclusion in investigative situations. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS Lowboy certification – required Fall Protection certification – required Reach Truck certification – required Cherry Picker certification – required 537 certification – preferred PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand and walk. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to sit; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and talk or hear. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, and depth perception. Part of the essential functions of this job require the ability to lift boxes weighing between 10 - 90 lbs. in order to assemble orders. Vacuum hoist assist is available for product cases heavier than 60lbs. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to moving mechanical parts and extreme cold. The employee is occasionally exposed to high, precarious places. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud. Must be able to work in a cold environment ( 28 and -10 degree temperatures). Must wear all required PPE: ANSI 75 Safety Shoes Hearing protection Hard hat Refrigewear Gear including jacket, bibs, face mask, gloves