Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Engineer to join our Data Center Facility Operations team. Our data centers serve as the foundation upon which our software operates to meet the demands of our customers. Our Data Center Management System platform enables monitoring and analysis of Facebook’s global data center footprint and the underlying facility operations network is critical to ensuring we can monitor the power, cooling, and environmental meters. The candidate will support the establishment and maintenance of the controls and monitoring infrastructure for new site deployments and retrofits, provide management of complex projects, improve and develop quality assurance and device management methods and procedures, and own escalated production issues. The ideal candidate shall be able to work independently through deep dives and expert analyses. This position is full-time and will require occasional travel to be on site at our data centers. RESPONSIBILITIES Project management of complex projects Coordination with cross-functional partners to ensure device data is entered and maintained in the facility device management application Analyze and resolve production issues independently and as a member of a cross-functional team Development of tooling improvements working closely with end users and cross- functional partners Support data center controls and monitoring applications including facility device management application Develop and maintain processes and procedures associated with the management of the controls and monitoring applications Train end users on the proper operation and maintenance of controls and monitoring applications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: Electrical Power Monitoring System (EPMS) implementation and support. DCIM implementation and support. BMS implementation and support. Critical facility networking. Project management. Other technical support of electrical and mechanical equipment in a critical facility. Associates degree in Engineering/Technical studies or Military Technical School. Organizational and communication experience. Networking knowledge. Experience working independently and as a member of a cross-functional team. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Math, Computer Science, or Engineering discipline. Working knowledge of Building Management Systems. Experience with BACnet, Modbus, OPC UA, and/or SNMP communication protocols.