At Boston Children’s Hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. It’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced. In major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness. And in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. As a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, our reach is global and our impact is profound. Join our acclaimed Patient Services Infection Department and discover how your talents can change lives. Yours included. The Quality Improvement Data Analyst will be responsible for: Providing data management and analysis support for clinical and administrative staff in the development of department‑wide, team and/or program specific performance measures, including development of a dashboard and Comprehensive Quality Report to track performance, highlighting opportunities for improvement, and providing guidance for strategic planning Advising development of data collection and management systems in collaboration with clinical, administrative, information systems, fiscal, biostatistical, QI, and clinical effectiveness staff. This includes specifications for key data elements; data collection procedures; organization, management, and integrity of databases; and appropriate analytic techniques Analyzing indicators and compiling reports of performance indicators, providing trended data using statistical process control or other appropriate epidemiological techniques. Collaborating with clinical and administrative staff to ensure that reports are timely, accurate, meaningful, and interpretable Building and maintaining a valid, accurate data repository for departmental and clinical staff to ensure availability of appropriate data for quality evaluation and improvement Participating in QI projects, clinical practice guideline initiatives, risk management activities, providing guidance regarding data collection and analysis and generating report Maintaining expertise in current and emerging data management and analysis methods Preparing written and graphic reports utilizing appropriate epidemiological techniques. Participating in QI teams and special projects on QI initiatives Advising and collaborating with the Antimicrobial Stewardship and Infection Prevention and Control Programs and, providing data management and analysis for highly complex technical departmental improvement efforts. Providing analysis, data management and methodological support for the development of performance indicators, including a panel of high‑level process and outcome measures. To qualify, you must have: A Bachelor’s degree in health policy/management or a closely related discipline, including coursework in biostatistics and data management. 1-2 years of related experience in a health care-related setting or a related advanced degree is preferred Knowledge of theories, principles, and methods utilized in the development health quality databases and analysis of health quality data Analytical Skills to resolve complex problems requiring the use of scientific, mathematical, or technical principles and in‑depth, experienced‑based knowledge Excellent communication skills in order to effectively deal with conflicting views or issues and mediate fair solutions or well‑developed writing skills Boston Children’s Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement, and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off). Discover your best. Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.