What is the opportunity? The US Wealth Management Operations department is growing! As a Reporting Analyst in the Robotics and Automation group, you will be responsible for the delivery and coordination of activities related to operational process analytics, workforce management monitoring and executive management reporting support. If you enjoy challenging work, collaborating in a team environment, and want the ability to grow your career, we want to hear from you! What will you do? Bridges the gap of understanding between the operations needs and the technology considerations Leads and contributes to detailed requirement phases identifying, tracking, escalating and/or resolving business issues Leads and conducts cost-benefit analyses on key initiatives; cash flow projections, payback/NPV/IRR calculations Recommends operations process solutions that satisfy sponsor/stakeholder needs continually exploring and assessing options for value-add for clients and identification of untapped efficiencies Contributes to successful project completion within budget and on time by identifying risks and developing/recommending mitigation strategies Prepares and delivers presentations to senior management, selecting the appropriate approach based on the audience Provides regular executive reporting (Dashboards, KPI/KRI, wins/achievements, etc.) Facilitates small to large meetings and conducts information gathering sessions What do you need to succeed? Must-have Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience 5-7 years of Business Process Management (process mapping and modeling) experience (swim lane-based format, Microsoft Visio, Tableau and other tools) Minimum 3-5 years of business analysis experience within the financial services industry Minimum 3-5 years of financial analysis, including project prioritization, cash flow analysis, time value of money, etc. Minimum 1-3 years of creating presentation materials suitable for executive level consumption Nice-to-have Professional certifications in Process Mapping and Modeling (e.g. Six Sigma/LSS), Securities (e.g. CSI/CSC), Business Analysis 1-3 years of consulting experience Wealth Management, Capital Markets, Investments, Operations, or Brokerage industry experience and understanding of critical success factors affecting this industry Relevant technology experience with Broadridge or other brokerage/investments technology What’s in it for you? We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. Client First: We will always earn the right to be our clients’ first choice Collaboration: We win as One RBC Accountability: We take ownership for personal and collective high performance Diversity & Inclusion: We embrace diversity for innovation and growth Integrity: We hold ourselves to the highest standards to build trust About RBC Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 37 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com. Join our Talent Community Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you. Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers. Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request. JOB SUMMARY City: Minneapolis Address: 60 South 6th Street Work Hours/Week: 40 Work Environment: Office Employment Type: Regular - U.S. Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional Pay Type: Salaried Required Travel (%): 0-25 Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt People Manager: No Application Deadline: 09/30/2018 Req ID: 168080 _Posting Notes:_