ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (ADOT) _Driving the future of transportation with a diverse and innovative team_ All Arizona State employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems and improve processes and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. To learn more about ADOT CLICK HERE and be sure to follow us on LinkedIn Administrative Assistant II LOCATION Executive Hearing Office 3838 N. Central Ave. Suite 400 Phoenix, Arizona 85012 JOB SUMMARY A cover letter and resume are required for this recruitment This employee is responsible for a variety of duties including ensuring that cases are opened and processed in a timely and accurate manner. This person will have regular contact with the public as they respond to telephonic inquiries, written inquiries, and electronic inquiries. Therefore, the position requires the ability to interact courteously and professionally with the public in both oral and written form. The duties for this position includes but are not limited to data entry, correspondence and document preparation , receiving and sorting mail, maintaining reports and statistical data using tracking tools, querying and updating the MVD driver database, and providing accurate, complete, and timely administrative support services to the Hearing Officers. Essential duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Case Management - Accurately and timely open and process case files and update the files when necessary. Process faxes, emails, and mail including legal motions, legal notices, and other correspondence. Notify attorneys, petitioners, law enforcement officers and other interested parties of process requirements and hearing dates and times. Query and update database as needed to research and verify transactions, obtain history, retrieve information, process hearing requests, stipulations, decisions and orders, and maintain electronic and hard copy records. Data Entry - Respond to petitioner inquiries and document the communications in our case management system. Create new matters in our case management system, update the individual records in TPX based on the result listed in the decisions and orders. General Administration - Provide the public with information regarding Hearing Office operations and procedures. Interact directly with the public, stakeholders, and other visitors who arrive at the EHO for hearings and/or meetings. Answer telephones, take messages, and send emails to Hearing Officers informing them of petitioner/Attorney/Law Enforcement Officers calling in for hearings. Receive and distribute incoming correspondence. Prepare and maintain reports, statistics and tracking tools relative to work and unit activities. Prepare and send correspondence including letters related to transcript charges. Coordinate and escort all parties into the hearing room. Keep Hearing Officers and other parties informed of hearing status. Wien necessary, coordinate the scheduling of hearing and process notices. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Knowledge of Hearing Office policies, procedures, and legal requirements relative to Hearing Office operations MVD driver database, codes and software used Ignition Interlock policy ad procedures. Skills in Customer service and written and oral communications skills. Organizational and multitasking skills. Ability to Handle confidential work with tact and discretion Elevate concerns to supervisor Exercise good judgment in interpreting and applying rules or policy Manage stress levels under time constraints Establish and maintain working relationships with others PREFERRED REQUIRMENTS Will have administrative experience in an office atmosphere including preparing and maintaining reports; data entry, and customer service experience. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS This position requires possession of a valid Arizona Class D Driver License. Candidates for this position must complete and sign the Driver Form (page 5) of the State of Arizona Application for Employment at the time of interview, which will allow ADOT to obtain the candidate's motor vehicle record (MVR). The most recent 39-month period shown on the MVR will be reviewed in accordance with A.A.C. R2-10-207.12 (H) and (I). The review must show an acceptable driving record prior to any offer of employment being made by ADOT. Employment is contingent upon an acceptable MVR. BENEFITS _The State of Arizona provides an excellent comprehensive benefits package including:_ Affordable medical, dental, life and short-term disability insurance plans. Top-ranked retirement and long-term disability plans. Vacation time accrued at 4.00 hours bi-weekly for the first 3 years. Sick time accrued at 3.70 hours bi-weekly. 10 paid holidays per year. Deferred compensation plan. Wellness plans. Please visit http://www.azdot.gov/Inside_ADOT/HR/Employment.asp to learn more about benefits given to ADOT employees. All newly hired employees will be subject to the E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification Program. _ADOT supports a diverse multi-cultural workforce that reflects the community, promotes equal opportunity at all levels of the Agency, and creates an inclusive work environment that enables all individuals to perform to their fullest potential free from discrimination._ To submit your resume click the "APPLY NOW" button below _Having trouble applying for this position?_ _Email_ _[email protected]_ _or call (602) 542-4700 for assistance._ ADOT