Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work, and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Want to know more https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture A Bing Ads Technical Advisor at Microsoft is an exciting & challenging role. You will provide online product platform and process support, guidance, training and mentorship to delivery partner managers and advocates related to supporting advertiser via phone, web, email, chat and other support channels. You will collaborate closely with other TA’s and partners across Microsoft sharing and building best practice, improving process’ and providing feedback. The successful candidate has the drive and intellectual horsepower to ensure our advocates have everything they need to solve customer issues; will be seen as a SME for the advocate and TA teams regarding case reviews, process, troubleshooting and will interface with various levels of management across our delivery partners and Microsoft Responsibilities Drives quality measures across our partners and can diagnosing customer problems systematically, generating alternative solutions providing recommendations that support the customer's needs. Effectively understands customer and internal issues, including their relative urgency, and demonstrates effectiveness in aiding resolution by using knowledge of internal resources to obtain definitive answers for customers Drives improvements in training content and delivery by understanding the needs of the regions deemed through analyzing data and determining trends in performance Shows strong customer focus and a track record of transforming the customer experience with an outside-in view on customer interactions, breaking down silos and effectively meeting customer needs Qualifications 3 years+ of work experience in or with contact centers with a distinctive record of achievement and impact, focusing on the following areas: operations program management, support delivery, supplier management and performance improvement. An understanding of the online advertising industry, its players, and technologies is a great advantage as is a Bing Ads or Google Ad Words accreditation. Knowledge or experience in the application of continuous improvement programs Unrelenting focus on driving results Proven track record as a consistent top performer Experience of forging strong and positive relationships across organizations and levels Consistent history of successfully leading complex, cross-organizational initiatives Experience of simultaneously managing a large number of work streams with great attention to detail Experience in working effectively within complex and ambiguous environments Immense passion for the customer experience Strong verbal, written and presentation skills Demonstrated cross-group collaboration across multiple groups Passion for driving product, workflow, content and policy enhancements that benefit consumers Demonstrate ability to remain calm and professional during situations of high sensitivity and urgency Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.