For two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics. With our invention of the GPU - the engine of modern visual computing - the field has expanded to encompass PC games, movie production, product design, medical diagnosis and scientific research. Today, visual computing is becoming increasingly central to how people interact with technology, and there has never been a more exciting time to join our team. We are now looking for a Developer Technology Engineer to focus on Deep Learning for real time graphics, games and content creation. What you'll be doing: Participate with some of the most talented ground-breaking developers throughout the world. You will interact closely with the architecture and driver teams at NVIDIA in ensuring the best possible experience on current generation hardware, and on determining trends and features for next generation architectures. Play with the latest GPU technology to develop new techniques using GPUs, create technical demos, write whitepapers and present your work at conferences. Collaborate with developers on applying deep learning to solve problems in real time graphics, games and content creation. What we need to see: You have a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience. Strong knowledge of 3D graphics and GPU technologies, including shaders, shading languages and rendering techniques. You have experience in machine learning algorithms and applications. Proficient in C++ with strong software development, optimization, and debugging skills. Good communication skills. Able to travel for on-site visits with developers and for conferences. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Programming experience with machine learning/deep learning frameworks such as Theano, TensorFlow or Caffe. You have experience with real-time 3D APIs such as Vulkan, OpenGL or DirectX. You have an understanding of GPU architectures. With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our special engineering teams are growing fast. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a genuine passion for technology, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning