Mobiquity is a digital engagement provider for more than 200 of the world’s leading brands. We are a collective of consultants, designers, developers, cloud advisors, and data scientists - spread across 3 continents and 9 offices - who create compelling digital experiences to help clients show they care to the people who matter most - their consumers, patients, and employees. Members of the Mobiquity Sales teams are dedicated and ambitious individuals that work hard to push Mobiquity into the offices and minds of our present and future clients. Account Executives at Mobiquity are talented and forward thinking professionals; they are capable of driving revenue growth and business development in line with the goals set by their team, manager and the organization. By utilizing various methods in order to achieve results - cold calling, prompt lead follow-up, lead generation and networking – Mobiquity Account Executives are able to manage all aspects of client selling. An Account Executive is eager and precise in following the Mobiquity sales methodology both alongside team members and in client and account meetings. They are able to develop and meet booking and revenue goals, maintain relevant target account lists and build robust sales pipelines to achieve year-over- year accelerated growth. Our Account Executives know what it means to create success for our clients and work hard to really understand their needs and desires before work is begun. The Skills We're Looking For 10 years+ experience in a consultative sales role selling solutions and services in the technology arena. Experience selling complex solutions to enterprise clients Experience with consultative selling methodologies to win enterprise deals. Experience with developing C-level relationships in strategic accounts and large organizations Excellent communication, collaboration and facilitation skills. Exceptional strategic selling skills including discovery, ROI development, sales cycle maintenance and tactical closing. _Recruiting Agencies: While we really do appreciate what you do, and how challenging it can be, don’t do it. Please do not send us unsolicited resumes, either to our employees, job listings, or recruiting team. (We call those “free leads”). Mobiquity is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes._ _Mobiquity is an equal opportunity employer. We feel strongly that the best ideas come from all sorts of directions and sources, and cutting ourselves off from anyone due to our own biases is simply bad business, as well as bad citizenship._