Description The Accounting Assistant will assist with the daily processing of Accounts Receivable and other General Accounting and Administrative duties as assigned. This person reports to the Accounting Manager. The individual in this role is a reliable Accounting Assistant who will assist primarily with processing and reconciling customer invoices, payments and related account reconciliations. Responsibilities: Processes Accounts Receivable invoices for Business, Wholesale and Wholesale Inter-Company Customers Processing manual credit card payments via Virtual Terminal Applying customer payments and processing refunds Monitor non-sufficient funds payments made Perform Account Analysis including Prepaids, Account Analysis, Fixed Assets, etc. Perform other duties as assigned Requirements REQUIREMENTS: Experience with Oracle software is preferred, but not required. Ideally, Associate's Degree or equivalent from a two-year college or technical school. Experience with Microsoft Office Products including Outlook, Excel and Word. Experience with AS400 software would be helpful in this role, but is not required. Good analytical, problem solving and organization skills, along with being dependable and adaptable to changing priorities. About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.