Wayfair is seeking to add a full-time Integration Engineer to their growing EDI Operations team. In this role, you will be responsible for creating and maintain mappings, troubleshoot document issues, system maintenance, system monitoring and system automation. You will work closely with the EDI Project Manager, business stakeholders and your team to implement solutions to achieve business goals. The role requires participation in a rotating on-call schedule. Requirements Excellent written and verbal communication skills Familiarity with X12 and EDIFACT document formats Experience writing SQL queries Willingness to learn new skills and technologies Nice to have Experience creating mappings using vendor tools Experience supporting data integration in a retail or ecommerce environment Experience working with MS Windows Server and Linux Experience working with a scripting language About Wayfair Wayfair Inc. offers an extensive selection of home furnishings and décor across all styles and price points. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, your home for affordable modern design DwellStudio, a design house with a decidedly modern vibe Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Wayfair generated $3.4 billion in net revenue for full year 2016. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 5,600 people. Wayfair was recently named “Mass TLC’s Company of the Year” and “Internet retailer of the year”. The company has previously been named one of America’s Most Promising Companies by Forbes Magazine and selected by the Boston Business Journal and Glassdoor.com as a Top Company to Work For and Top Company for Well Balanced Life. Wayfair does not accept unsolicited candidate referrals or resumes / CVs from third-party vendors, including recruitment agencies. Wayfair will not be responsible or liable for any fees or costs associated with such unsolicited submissions.