The Manager will be responsible for building a strong partnership with a leading client within the Life Insurance category, including internal and cross-agency analytics peers, and other agency partners. The ideal candidate must be able to proactively communicate ideas and opportunities, as well as guide in depth analysis to support recommendations and insights. They draw upon their knowledge and experience in digital and consumer analytics to help develop and deliver actionable insights from website and consumer data to inform rapid optimization of marketing efforts. This web-savvy leader must be highly analytical, detail-oriented, focused on finding innovative solutions for a variety of business challenges and be able to thrive in a fast-paced, team driven structure focused on quality and execution. Team leadership will be a critical component of this role – this candidate should be able to effectively lead and inspire strong work product from others. This role is strategic with a strong emphasis on media, optimization, and transforming digital presence. Responsibilities: Develop a solid understanding of the client’s business, and competitive environment Develop a strong partnership with the MRM//McCann media teams and identify opportunities to support their initiatives through digital analytics Define analytic program needs and recommend proper methodologies to execute against these programs Ability to turn data into insightful findings and business recommendations, bridging the gap between strategy and analytics Drives new approaches for analytical projects and future opportunities Identifies opportunities to implement new processes, tools, techniques and analytical frameworks designed to better serve our customers and increase department operating efficiencies Directly manage a team of analysts and take responsibility for their growth and development. Ability to interact and sell in her/his ideas to senior level clients Support the onboarding and growth of new accounts as needed Required Skills Education and Experience: Advanced working knowledge of website analytics platforms; Google Analytics is ideal Experience in Digital Analytics (Web, Online Advertising, Search, Social) Experience with Google Optimize, or equivalent, a plus Must have strong communication skills, both verbal and written Pride in work product with high accountability, initiative, and thought leadership Must be able to handle multiple clients and projects simultaneously Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, or Marketing preferred 5+ years of analytic experience in an Agency or Marketing environment a plus Leadership or management experience in digital marketing Demonstrated experience in the development of strategic, logical and creative solutions to challenging problems Aptitude for new concepts, especially as they relate to technology and analytics Drives relationships with partners and/or suppliers to deliver an overall solution to the client so curiosity for the big picture is key Highly self-motivated, professional with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced and demanding environment Highly accountable with the ability to work well within a group, as well as independently AT MRM, RELATIONSHIP IS OUR MIDDLE NAME. MRM//McCann is a leading customer relationship agency that leverages the power of creativity, the beauty of data, and the magic of technology to nurture, encourage and sustain strong relationships between brands and their customers – in turn, creating meaningful experiences for people, while driving business results. We employ the most innovative talent in the industry to digitally drive the transformation of our clients’ businesses and provide creative solutions to help brands grow meaningful relationships with people. Do you excel when working in a team? Are you fascinated by the endless possibilities that technology brings to marketing? Are you ready to transform our world? If so, you will thrive in our culture based on the Important Things We Believe (I.T.W.B.s): Ideas power everything We’re Better Together We’ll figure it out Complexity can be managed It only counts if we deliver Technology is magic MRM//McCann is a leader in Gartner Inc.'s annual "Magic Quadrant for Global Digital Marketing Agencies" report. Gartner Magic Quadrants are based on an exacting methodology where agencies stand out for their strategic services, including business strategy and digital business transformation skills. MRM//McCann is noted for its global vision and strategy, and its use of tools and analytics enabling clients to deliver a measurable business impact as the result of those strategies. NO THIRD PARTY RESUMES ACCEPTED. MRM//McCann is an EEO/AA employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, marital status, citizenship, disability, genetic information or veteran status or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. MRM//McCann participates in e-Verify. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, please submit your request through one of the following methods listed below: a) Dedicated Fax - 917-661-6310 b) Dedicated E-mail – Careers@mwgdetroit.com c) US Mail – ATTN: Human Resources, 360 W. Maple Birmingham, MI 48009 d) Dedicated Phone – 248-203-8000 NOTE: Disability accommodation requests only. Required Experience