Duties Summary About the Position: Defense Contract Management Agency uses the Expedited Hiring Authority to recruit and appoint qualified individuals directly into shortage category or critical need acquisition positions. Responsibilities Responsible for gathering, analyzing, and synthesizing assessment of the contractor's program performance as well as recommendations for future programmatic efforts. Timely periodic reporting identifies the current condition of the program in terms of cost, schedule and technical performance and also makes predictions of future program performance. Proactively orchestrates assessments of areas where risks are anticipated or known, to provide unique and independent, actionable findings to the program office and contractor(s). Identifies and documents contract deficiencies early in the program life-cycle so that they can be corrected to minimize downstream impacts. Serves as the focal point for all inquiries and feedback concerning the major and critical subcontractor/supplier Contract Management Office (CMO) for the system/subsystem. Represents the Lead Contract Management Office (CMO) in the preparation, negotiation and documentation of all Memoranda of Agreement (MOA) between the customer and the Lead CMO to assure that all surveillance requirements are addressed. Apply engineering concepts, principles, and practices applicable to mechanical, computer, electronics and/or aerospace engineering assignments to support the entire life-cycle development of DOD acquisition systems. Analyzes the proposed costs of technical aspects of contractor proposals including amounts and types of labor hours, facilities, production capabilities. Recommends approval/disapproval of waivers, deviations, and engineering change proposals. Perform technical evaluations and surveillance to monitor contractor compliance with design, development, and production processes. Travel Required Occasional travel - Business travel 15% of the time. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Job family (Series) 0801 General Engineering Similar jobs Engineers, All Other Engineers, Mechanical Mechanical Engineers Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Appointment may be subject to suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation. Must be able to obtain and maintain a Noncritical-Sensitive Secret security clearance. Personnel security investigation required. Must file an annual financial statement. Qualifications Who May Apply: Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) Eligible All U.S. Citizens and Nationals with allegiance to the United States QUALIFICATIONS: In order to qualify, you must meet the education and/or experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Experience required: To qualify based on your work experience, your resume must describe at least one year of experience which prepared you to do the work in this job. To qualify, applicants must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade/level GS-11 . Specialized experience is defined as: Experience applying engineering concepts, principles, and practices applicable to mechanical, computer, electronics and/or aerospace engineering assignments to support the entire life-cycle development of DOD acquisition systems. Experience independently analyzing, forecasting and providing recommended solutions to technical issues that impact cost and schedule of program contracts. Perform technical evaluations and surveillance to monitor contractor compliance with design, development, and production processes. Experience analyzing data, to draw conclusions and communicating recommendations both orally and written in technical reports to functional experts, other stakeholders, and agency leadership. Education can not be substituted for experience. You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas: Contract Administration Contract Performance Management General Engineering Organizational Performance Analysis Quality Management Applicants must meet basic eligibility requirements such as minimum qualifications, and other regulatory requirements by the closing date of the announcement. BASIC EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: A. Degree: Engineering. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by ABET; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. OR B. Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following: Professional registration or licensure - Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration. For example, an applicant who attains registration through a State Board's eminence provision as a manufacturing engineer typically would be rated eligible only for manufacturing engineering positions. Written Test - Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico. Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A. Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in engineering technology or in an appropriate professional field, e.g., physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. NOTE: You must provide a letter of reference stating that you have at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. The letter must be signed by the engineer who provided the professional engineer supervision. It must also include their name, phone number, and engineer credentials (i.e. engineer education or professional certificates). Lack of this documentation will make you ineligible to be referred. Note: An applicant who meets the basic requirements as specified in A or B above, except as noted under B.1., may qualify for positions in any branch of engineering unless selective factors indicate otherwise. NOTE: A SF-50 reflecting that you currently or formerly served as an Engineer for the Federal Government is NOT qualifying supporting documentation for the basic requirement. You MUST submit either your transcripts, current registration as a professional engineer, EIT examination results, and/or supporting documentation based on your claim of the basic requirement, as applicable. Lack of this documentation will make you ineligible to be referred. Education FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite- visitus-forrecog.html. Additional information Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees. The Department of Defense (DoD) policy on employment of annuitants will be used in determining eligibility of annuitants. The DoD policy is available at: www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/1400.25-V300.pdf In accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, United States Code, annuitants reemployed in the Department of Defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. They shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the Thrift Savings Plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. Discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e. retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8416(b)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code) appointed to the Department of Defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (See DoD instructions 1400.25, Volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives .) This is a Defense Acquisition, Logistics and Technology Workforce position. Selectees must meet position requirements for certification at Level II within 24 months of entrance on duty. Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement. Male applicants born after December 31, 1959 must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration. Two year trial/probationary period may be required. May require overtime work. Relocation/Retention Incentive will not be authorized. Defense National Relocation Program will not be authorized. Ability to communicate orally and in writing. All selections under an announcement must be made within 6 months from the issuance date of the certificate referral list. Tour of Duty: Full Time. FLSA: Exempt Bargaining Unit: Yes Position has a positive education requirement. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): The Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) provides eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. Well-qualified is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under competitive delegated examining, an ICTAP eligible will be considered well-qualified if they attain an eligibility rating of 90 or higher, not including points for veterans' preference. You must provide proof of eligibility with your application to receive selection priority. Such proof may include a copy of your written notification of ICTAP eligibility or a copy of your separation personnel action form. Information about ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee- guide-to-career-transition/. Your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine your eligibility, qualifications, and quality ranking for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment. You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Secret Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. 1\. Your resume: Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement. If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy. For additional information see: What to include in your resume https://www.usajobs.gov//faq/application/documents/resume/what-to-include/ You MUST submit documents verifying your eligibility with your application package. These documents may include, but are not limited to: For current employment verification, SF-50, DD3434 or other federal agencies official "Notification of Personnel Action" equivalent (Note: SF-52 or agencies "Request for Personnel Action" is not acceptable); For MSP claims PCS orders and marriage certificate; For verification of Veteran status, DD214 (which indicates character of service), SF-15, VA Letter and/or Activation/Deactivation orders. 2\. Other supporting documents: Cover Letter, optional Future Military Retirees: You are required to submit a copy of your retirement DD Form 214 (Member 4 Copy) OR certification document OR a copy of your retirement letter AND a copy of your terminal leave request (if applicable). You will be required to provide your DD Form 214 (Member 4 Copy) upon issuance. Future Separation from the Military: You are required to submit a copy of your most recent DD Form 214 (Member 4 Copy) OR certification document OR a copy of your most recent active duty orders AND a copy of your terminal leave request (if applicable). You will be required to provide your DD Form 214(Member 4 Copy) upon issuance. Active duty military members who are selected may not be appointed unless on terminal leave or already separated from the armed forces. The "certification" is any written document from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted. The Statement of Service must be signed by, or by direction of, the adjutant, personnel officer, or commander of your unit or higher headquarters, AND the Statement of Service letter must include your rank, dates of active duty service, the Type of Discharge, Character of Service (i.e. honorable), and, if applicable, when your terminal leave will begin. Special Employment Consideration: DCMA encourages persons with disabilities to apply, including those eligible for hiring under 5 CFR 213.3102(u), Schedule A, Appointment of persons with disabilities [i.e., intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities], and/or Disabled veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more. For information on how to apply under this appointment authority via the Selective Placement Coordinator, please visit http://dcmacareers.com/index.cfm/disabilities/ . If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.