ABOUT RESIDE We are a well funded real estate tech startup, looking for the best talent in San Francisco. We are early stage so you would have significant impact in your area of focus and be part of a rapidly growing team. We believe in personal growth, so we look for self starter types who like to get things done, but at the same time are not afraid to ask for help along the way. Reside is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. More info on the company can be found here: http://www.residebrokerage.com ABOUT THE ROLE We're looking for a recent college graduate who can start immediately in a technical support role. You will be responsible for installing, configuring, supporting, and optimizing the technical systems that our customers use. We're looking to bring you on as a contractor at first, if you do a great job, we'll offer full-time employment within a few weeks or months. SKILLS You'll need to be extremely comfortable with web based applications (web apps). This means you can very quickly figure out how to use things like Google Suite, Zapier, IFTT, etc. You don't have to have direct hands on experience with those apps, but similar apps would be great. You'll also need to be extremely comfortable with OSX, we don't use Windows computers here. As mentioned before, you must have a 4 year college degree. Anything IT or tech related is a huge plus. PERSONALITY We need someone with a great attitude who can interface with our customers. We also look for people who are self starters, meaning they can figure things out on their own without needing a lot of hand holding. You'll be working with a very talent and experienced team, so if you want to learn and grow, this will be a good role for you. SALARY The pay will be $23.00 to $30.00 /hour to start with option for full time in weeks JOB LOCATION & HOURS 4th St. & Brannan St, San Francisco, CA 40 hours a week Monday-Friday starting at 9AM Reside is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. Reside does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, parental status, veteran status, or disability status. Reside uses the E-Verify employment verification program. Our stewardship of the data of many of our customers means that a background check is required to join Reside. We will, nonetheless, consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accord with applicable law, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.