Planview is looking for an individual in the Austin area with a 1-2 years of experience, maximum $20/hr, to fill a Jr. System Administrator role based in Austin, Texas, to support Planview SaaS applications within the Planview portfolio. The ideal candidate will have an entry-level to intermediate skillset with a passion to learn new IT concepts, and should enjoy working in a global team-centric atmosphere to help solve customer tickets in a timely manner with a great customer service attitude. Responsibilities Work with colleagues to support an enterprise application which primarily runs in an on-premise data center, and potentially public cloud providers in the future. Responsible for working trouble tickets, managing scripts, creating SQL jobs, and troubleshooting IIS in a hosted environment. Responsible for working with customers, prospects, and team members to diagnose client connectivity and performance issues. Participate in on-call pagerduty rotation and periodic weekend work with other team members. Qualifications 1-2 Years in a System Administration or related role Basic understanding of Microsoft IIS. Basic knowledge of Windows Server 2008/2012/2016. Basic understanding of SQL Server 2008/2012/2016. Conceptual knowledge of networking, load balancing, virtualization. Ability to clearly communicate, work with others, prioritize tasks and workload. Ability to research troubleshoot issues related to Windows, IIS, SQL and effectively communicate findings. Bonus skills: Knowledge of backup & monitoring solutions Developing scripts (eg. PowerShell) Log aggregation tools for troubleshooting, and anomaly identification preferred. Great Benefits and Fun Perks We offer highly competitive benefits packages for every lifestyle. No one likes working in a box, right? That’s why we’ve built some fun, open work environments with optional standing desks, game rooms, unlimited snacks, soft drinks, and gourmet coffee machines. Oh, and a tasty cereal bar and fresh fruit to get your day going! We believe in regular fun office events and monthly happy hours! We offer weekly onsite yoga classes, chiropractor visits and car wash services. We’re in a brand new office building with garage parking and shaded courtyards with outdoor gas grills and seating, just in case you want to grab some sun during lunch. We host daily food trucks! And because we believe in community involvement, we’re also active participants of a variety of causes, including a Planview MS150 riding team, Heartwalk, Central Texas Food Bank, Salvation Army Angel Tree and more! Planview is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer