Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking Research Interns to join various teams in developing next generation products and platforms doing research and engineering at scale. As a Research Intern, you will help us bring the best of Artificial Intelligence technology to Facebook products. Our efforts are to push the bar in three directions: build reliable platforms that scale to thousands of engineers, push state of the art in AI for maximum product impact and build new experiences using AI. Focus areas include: Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Computational Photography, Speech Recognition, Natural Language Understanding, Augmented Reality and more. The duration of this internship is 16 weeks with Summer, Fall, and Winter start dates. We have openings in our Menlo Park and Seattle offices. Internships will be awarded on a rolling basis and candidates are encouraged to apply early. To learn more about our research visit https://research.facebook.com RESPONSIBILITIES Perform research to advance the science and technology of intelligent machines Perform research that enables learning the semantics of data (images, video, text, audio, and other modalities) Devise better data-driven models of human behavior Contribute research that can be applied to Facebook product development Perform specific responsibilities which vary by team MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a PhD degree in Computer Science or related field Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources A strong passion for theoretical and empirical research and for answering hard questions with research Ability to communicate complex research in a clear, precise, and actionable manner Fluency in C++, Java or other related language Experience in machine learning and optimization Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship Ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in the country of employment in 2018 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a degree a PhD in Computer Science or related field