Overview Under limited supervision, the role of Project Manager will serve in the implementation of short- and long-range public transportation technology projects within budget constraints, oversight of scope, and technical evaluation as well as management of project budgets, and consultant contracts. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to business plans. The Project Manager will be able to manage the project's objectives, priorities and oversee quality control throughout each project's life cycle. Additionally, they will contribute to a project culture where escalations to resolve "stagnant" problems are viewed as good business and not viewed as being personal and ensure that scope creep, communications, and quality are carefully managed. Essential Duties Plans, monitors and maintain project documentation including but not limited to: schedule, project charter, communications plans, and risk register, budget status and project status reports. Acts as project manager for transportation technology projects, adhering to goals, and supporting program strategies, project timelines, and budget. Advises supervisor on approaches to project implementation. Coordinate’s stakeholder communications, project contracts and project meetings. Provides consultant contract administrative and project input on work performed by consultants. Prepares and recommends functional and technical information for decision-makers. Acts as the implementation manager regarding integration of new technologies with existing systems both inside and outside the agency. Communicates Project Status Upward and to the Client. Provides frequent updates to all stakeholders within the project, program or steering committee. Performs other duties of a similar nature or level. Requirements Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree project management, information technology, or other closely related field. Two years of professional experience IT project management or applicable field. Two years of managing implementation of technology projects. Or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties of the job such as those listed above. Preferred PMP Certification. Transit Experience. Entry Requirements for: Knowledge and Skills Qualification to enter this position requires _knowledge_ of the following: Project management techniques, including all phases of a project life cycle and the responsibility for risk identification, scope, schedule, communications plans and budget. Vendor management including contract development and review, performance management, financial management. Technology concepts and information technology teams. Working knowledge of a variety of office computer software. Qualification to enter this position requires _skill_ in: Analyzing data, organizing, and conducting short, mid-range and long term projects. Computer operation and software utilization (Word, Excel, email, scheduling and PowerPoint). Communication, facilitation and interpersonal relations as applied to interaction with coworkers, supervisor, regional partners, the general public, etc. sufficient to exchange or convey information and to receive work direction. Presenting to small and large groups of stakeholders Self-motivation, team work, management, planning, problem solving, negotiating, and influencing others. Technical and non-technical written and verbal presentation and communication. Project management and ability to integrate new technologies. Procuring and managing consultants and vendors, preparing scope of work and budget estimates for proposal requests which require hardware and software. Use of PC-based software in support of planning programs/project. Managing multiple tasks simultaneously and effectively. Influence others to achieve business goals. Analyze and manage budgets and other financial matters. Continuous learning. Maintaining objectivity. Physical Requirements Climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, crouching, crawling, reaching, standing, walking, pushing, pulling, lifting, fingering, grasping, feeling, talking, hearing, seeing, repetitive motions, carrying. Sedentary Work: Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects.