Buchanan Technologies is seeking a SQL Developer / Data Warehouse for a full- time, direct hire opportunity in the Irving, TX area. The person in this role will participate in the design and implementation of a data warehouse environment, including both the design of table structures and the processes used to populate those structures with data from internal and external sources. Responsibilities : Work with business users and BI analysts to define data requirements. Design and implement normalized and dimensional table structures in IBM Netezza. Develop ETL/ELT processes using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to load information into the data warehouse environment. Use set based processing to construct SQL scripts that transform information obtained from source systems and load that information into the data warehouse. Requirements Education : Bachelor’s degree with some business and MIS courses or equivalent experience preferred. Functional and Technical: Minimum of 3 years of experience with relational database management systems. Experience with Netezza and Essbase is a plus. Must be proficient with SQL with a thorough understanding of ANSI analytic capabilities and set based processing. Minimum of 3 years of experience with SSIS. Experience using ELT versus ETL processing techniques in the implementation of packages is a plus. Advanced knowledge of data warehousing concepts and design. Must be able to develop appropriate data models using normalized or dimensional modeling techniques. Experience with data governance – facilitating and capturing of metadata Communication and Leadership: Excellent problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail. Excellent communication, facilitation, and collaboration skills with business and technical communities. Proven track record of delivering high-quality solutions on-time and within budget. Buchanan Technologies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Buchanan Technologies complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.