OLIVE-HARVEY COLLEGE The Dean of Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics provides leadership and direction to campus programs and curriculum designed to prepare students for in-demand careers. The Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics career program focuses on providing students with academic instruction and training in a variety of transportation related courses with hands-on training in warehousing and supply chain/logistics; certificate programs in public passenger chauffeur, commercial driving, and forklift training. This position will be responsible for overseeing the completion and opening of a new, state of the art Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics center in Fall 2019. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Works with campus and District Office administration, serving on committees as necessary to plan and execute the over-all philosophy and goals of student retention and success. Oversees and accountable for meeting recruitment, retention, and graduation targets of student careers focusing in Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics. Develops new courses, workshops and certificate programs for Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics based on enrollment data analysis, market trends and community assessment. Writes proposals for Federal, State or private funding that meet the assessed needs of the College community. Promotes staff development based on regular written student evaluations, supervisory evaluation, and performance monitoring. Develops and monitors annual department budgets based on history of expenditures, predicted enrollment and revenue, and current allocations. Partners with leading companies to ensure programs reflect workforce demands and to offer real-word learning opportunities for students. Works with Transportation, Distribution, and Logistics industry to foster relationships; acquires professional association memberships. Establishes and maintains partnerships with community leaders. Qualifications Master's Degree in Education, Business/Public Administration, Workforce or related degree. Experience working in any aspect of Transportation, Distribution, or Logistics is required. Ability to work with the private sector, governmental agencies, and community and civic organizations. Minimum of three (3) years of experience working with business and industry in workforce development related activities. Five (5) years in planning and providing training and technical assistance to groups and individuals. Demonstrated supervisory and management skills a must. Must work well with employees at all levels of the organization, in addition to students and other customers. Proven experience in managing and directing a diversified work staff. Must be able to handle all situations with tact, persuasiveness, and diplomacy. Excellent writing and verbal communication skills necessary. Must be able to effectively represent the college and district, at various meetings. Must be able to write grants and other reports clearly and accurately. Ability to work with students from diverse communities, many using English as a second language. Previous budget development experience preferred. Must be self-directed and innovative, able to assess current operations in an effort to improve the future goals of the college. Must be able to meet deadlines in a timely manner. Ability to operate computers and use software applications. Experience in writing successful grant proposals. Knowledge of student management programs a plus. WE OFFER: Excellent benefits include Full health benefits, retirement plan, investment plans, paid vacation/holidays and tuition reimbursement. For more detailed overview of benefits please visit our benefits page. Chicago residency is required for all full-time employees within 6 months of hire. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Thank you for your interest in City Colleges of Chicago! Job : Administration/Management Primary Location : Olive-Harvey College Employee Type : Full Time | Regular Union Code : N/A Job Posting : Aug 8, 2018, 2:57:26 PM