Develop company-wide AI/ML competency Coordinate AI/ML activities across the company via a Center of Excellence Strategy development and execution Specific Responsibilities: Manage a small team of AI/ML and big data SMEs Consult on AI/ML projects and take on projects directly Establish partnerships and work closely with product and software development teams Enterprise thought leadership in emerging AI/ML areas Establish key internal and external partnerships and collaborations (industry and universities) Technical mentoring to AI/ML developers and data scientists (and citizen data scientists) Explore future directions of AI/ML and keeps abreast of latest developments Specific Skills: Expert knowledge of advanced analytical techniques (e.g. predictive modeling, optimization techniques, classification algorithms, Bayesian networks, cluster analysis, NLP, supervised and unsupervised learning) Expert knowledge and hands-on experience using AI/ML/big data technologies, packages, languages (e.g. Python, R, Spark), and tools to build scalable analytical models and move them to production Strong analytical skills Strong hands-on skills prototyping, building, deploying and monitoring mission-critical ML models Familiar with major big data solutions and products available in the market Excellent networking, communication (both verbal and written), and client service skills interacting with all levels of the organization – e.g. communicate complex concepts and analytical findings effectively to senior management Project management skills Self-motivated, dynamic, positive, flexible, and resourceful individual Team approach in a global team environment Ability to work well under pressure; Manage tight deadlines and situations where conflicting priorities arise Leading by influence Good understanding of the financial industry, especially industry utility functions such as clearing, settlement, depository, master data, and transaction reporting. Experience required: Strong technical leadership, management, mentoring Enterprise-wide AI strategy development and execution based on hands-on experience Concrete project experience applying AI to provide actionable insights to support business and operational strategies in a corporate setting Recruiting talent and mentoring a team as it grows Success in leading a data science team Proven experience selecting and employing appropriate techniques to test hypotheses and develop insights Working with large data sets using Hadoop, SQL, and noSQL technologies Managing multiple projects for multiple stakeholders Developing and maintaining an internal network of experts (e.g. data architects and engineers, platform developers, business and operations SMEs) Minimum 8-12 years relevant technical professional experience Minimum 4 years of managing teams of data scientists and engineers, including recruiting, hiring and retaining personnel and executing according to business and technical priorities (Preferred) Enterprise data architecture strategy and implementation (Preferred) Agile development methodologies (e.g. scrum, Kanban) (Preferred) Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, PowerBI (Preferred) Experience with AWS services (Preferred) Minimum 5 years enterprise-level professional experience in financial services industry (e.g. transaction processing, risk management, client management) Leadership Competencies for this level include: Strategic Thinking: Effectively translates the vision into specific business objectives, thinks of different ways to do things and through all angles to provide insights and develop strategies that guide future decisions. Organizational Savvy: Understands DTCC’s products and service offerings, as well as key stakeholders, and demonstrates the ability to form and cultivate internal networks that will help navigate getting things done. Leading Change: Embraces and adapts well to changing circumstances, identifies areas of needed change and employs many methods to drive those activities to meet organizational goals. Financial Acumen: Understands business financials and has the ability to work with complex data and information, and adopts practical and workable approaches. Coaching: Understands and anticipates people's needs, skills, and abilities, in order to coach, motivate and empower them for success. Inclusive Leadership: Values individuals and embraces diversity by integrating differences and promoting diversity and inclusion across teams and functions. Qualifications: Masters in a highly analytic/numerical area (e.g. Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, Economics, Operations Research); PhD a plus About DTCC: With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From operating facilities and data centers around the world, DTCC automates, centralizes, and standardizes the processing of financial transactions across the trade lifecycle and mitigates risk for thousands of institutions worldwide. At DTCC we value on our clients' interests and partner to deliver superior results with excellence and innovation and lead with integrity. We proactively develop your potential and invest in your career.