Overview CopperPoint Insurance Companies is seeking a Database Administrator. The ideal candidate will be able to design, install, monitor, maintain, and performance tune databases while ensuring high levels of availability. This individual is also responsible for developing, implementing, and overseeing database policies and procedures to ensure the integrity and availability of databases and their accompanying software Responsibilities Strategy & Planning: Assess and develop long-term strategic goals for databases in conjunction with data owners and department managers. Work with application development staff to develop database architectures, coding standards, and quality assurance policies and procedures. Design and implement redundant systems, policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving to ensure effective protection and integrity of data assets. Document database systems and operational processes ensuring they conform to Business Continuity, Governance and Audit requirements. Acquisition & Deployment: Conduct research and make recommendations on database products, services, protocols, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts. Ensure existing and new database products meet or exceed internal and external audit and/or regulatory requirements. Lead migration efforts between platform and versions of database products and operating systems. Operational Management : Create models for new database development and/or changes to existing ones. Install and configure relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity. Respond to and resolve database access and performance issues. Monitor database system details within the database, including stored procedures and execution time, and implement efficiency improvements. Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems. Plan and coordinate data migrations between systems. Develop, implement, and maintain change control and testing processes for modifications to databases. Create, or support creation of, required reports in response to business user needs. Perform database transaction and security audits. Establish appropriate end-user database access control levels. Develop routines for end users to facilitate best practices database use. Manage and/or provide guidance to junior members of the team. Additional Job Duties: Mentor and/or provide leadership to junior members of the team. Create, or support creation of, required reports in response to business user needs. Assist with the installation and configuration of relevant network components to ensure database access, capacity, consistency, governance, audit compliance & reporting, logging, and integrity. Participation in the On-call rotation schedule. Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, power tools, and to handle other computer components. Qualifications Strong understanding of database structures, theories, principles, and practices. Working technical experience with designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting database servers, including Microsoft SQL Server (2012 to current) and/or IBM DB2 LUW 10.5 (Linux). Hands-on database tuning and troubleshooting experience. Experience designing and implementing Entity Relationship Diagrams Working knowledge of Windows and Linux server administration. Experience with High Availability architectures, ie HADR and Always On availability groups. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Experience with ETL tools, SSIS, SSRS. Good written and oral communication skills. Strong technical documentation skills. Good interpersonal skills. Ability to conduct research into database issues, standards, and products as required. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed. Keen attention to detail. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Strong customer service orientation. About CopperPoint Insurance Companies: Rated A- "Excellent" by A.M. Best, CopperPoint is Arizona's premier provider of workers’ compensation insurance. We promote a culture of workplace safety statewide via partnerships and training. In 2015, CopperPoint employees reported more than 5,500 hours of volunteer time. CopperPoint is a four-time winner of “Best Places to Work” in Phoenix. CopperPoint is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, ancestry or citizenship status, genetic