Chenega Professional & Technical Services (CPTS) is seeking a IT Systems Administrator 1 to provide oversight and contract support to NASA - AMES Research Center (ARC) within the Information Technology Services. The IT Systems Administrator 1 will perform the daily activities of configuration and operation of business systems which may be laptops, desktops, workstations, server clusters or client/server systems and works in teaming/collaborative environments. _Essential Duties and Responsibilities:_ (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position) Provides windows, MacOS, unix/Linux, and IoT System administration services, including server installation, integration and configuration of the system as well as the development and maintenance of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Responsible for installing, supporting, and maintaining the server or the other computer systems, and planning for and responding to service outages and other problems. Supports Assessment and Authorization (A&A;) procedures. May require scripting or light programming, participating on project for systems-related activities, configuring operating system security setting/parameters in accordance with security requirements, determining security procedures for specific user applications, installing operating system security patches and antivirus software updates Performs periodic audits of system security settings, license management, user administration, diagnosing and resolving hardware/software problems/issues. Verify peripheral integrity, coordinate hardware repair, monitor system performance and implement policies for the use of computer system and network. Perform periodic inventory of assigned IT assets and updating asset management database, and create scripts to automate system administration tasks. Write and maintain processes, procedures, test/assessment results, presentations, papers, articles and other types of documents as required. _Non-Essential Duties:_ May perform additional duties under supervision _Supervisory Responsibilities:_ None _Minimum Qualifications:_ (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience in Systems administration Zero (0) to Four (4) years’ experience in Administrating MacOS, Windows or Linux/Unix compliant systems Strong knowledge of Rick management framework (RMF) Possess an Active Secret Clearance _Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:_ Good Communication skills Works with minimal supervision. Ability to work independently but follow specific detailed instructions Ability to interface with various levels of personnel in a multi-cultural, team- oriented environment _Diversity:_ Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; Educates others on the value of diversity; Promotes a harassment-free environment; Builds a diverse workforce. _Ethics:_ Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values. _Physical Demands:_ The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. _Work Environment_ _:_ The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise. Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. Qualifications _Minimum Qualifications:_ (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience in Systems administration Zero (0) to Four (4) years’ experience in Administrating MacOS, Windows or Linux/Unix compliant systems Strong knowledge of Rick management framework (RMF) Possess an Active Secret Clearance Job Information Systems Primary Location United States-California-San Francisco Organization Chenega Professional & Technical Services Recruiter Thomas Brown