Overview _We believe that to be effective leaders at 7-Eleven, we must think about the needs of our guests and our teams before we tend to our own needs. We call this Servant Leadership, and it's the foundation of everything we do here. As Servant Leaders, we are guided by core values that we live by every day. These values help us serve our guests, our teams and our communities. They are the heart of 7-Eleven and what makes us who we are._ To support the growth we are experiencing, we are adding talented leaders to our field organization in various locations across the United States. Field consultants are crucial to implementing national and local initiatives in the stores. They are a vital link ensuring we have what our guest’s want, when they want it and as much as they want. Being a 7-Eleven Field Consultant isn’t easy. In fact, it’s pretty challenging. We believe great training is the foundation for exceptional performance. Therefore, we provide a comprehensive development program which includes an extensive in-store process covering all aspects of store operations including fresh food and merchandising concepts, operating procedures, and financial information. You’ll turn principle into practice as you manage your own store and gain valuable, first-hand experience. You’ll also work with an experienced Field Consultant to enhance your consulting and influencing skills. Once you have a comprehensive understanding of store operations, you will start using those insights in your role as a Field Consultant. Responsibilities Oversee a group of 7-Eleven stores (corporate and/or franchise) within a geographic area to ensure the highest levels of guest service Lead, consult with and influence store operators and/or franchisees to develop, update and execute operational plans and strategies, including merchandising, fresh food concepts, fuel sales, guest experience and store operational infrastructure Monitor and ensure accountability for all aspects of store operations, providing advice, coaching and assistance to store management. May directly supervise Corporate Store Managers and teams Recruit, hire, develop and retain top talent within the market to ensure appropriate staffing levels at all corporate stores Recognize and address performance issues in a timely manner Ensure key processes and plans are in place through weekly store visits, store evaluations and data analysis. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree strongly preferred and/or requisite industry and management experience is required Three to five years of operational management experience or two plus years of successful multi-unit management experience in a retail and/or QSR environment Proven ability to work with and influence direct reports, franchisees, peers and senior management Strong analytical, diagnostic, and root cause identification skills Proven prioritization, presentation, budgeting, time management, project management (from conception to completion), and planning skills Critical perspective and observation of store and merchandise placement Strong attention to detail, deadlines and reporting Proficient in MS Office Suite, Outlook & Internet applications Strong verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated collaborative skills and the ability to work cross-functionally Overnight and daily travel is required Must have a valid driver’s license with a clean driving record Physical Requirements: The Field Consultant position requires constant standing, bending and reaching. Frequent lifting of one to five pounds and occasional lifting of up to 40-50 pounds What’s In It For You? 7-Eleven is committed to creating an environment that encourages and rewards excellence, providing a range of benefits that includes: Competitive salary and bonus incentives Medical, dental, vision and life insurance benefits Vacation pay Profit Sharing/401(k) Plan Short-term and long-term disability benefits Company vehicle Tuition reimbursement Adoption assistance Professional growth opportunities And more… 7-Eleven is an Equal Opportunity Employer