Responsibilities: You will provide multi-technology consulting services to clients to analyze and provide strategies and solutions on all aspects of network systems, infrastructure and related technology components Diagnosing and correcting technical problems with LAN, WAN, and WLAN network components, and end-device network clients (including handheld devices) Maintain and troubleshoot networking systems including but not limited to routers, switches, firewalls, wireless systems and end-user network clients Install, configure and test of updates and upgrades to network hardware and firmware Work with client and third-party technical and service teams to maintain, troubleshoot and connect technical issues Perform basic systems testing and operational tasks for a wide variety of network systems Support multiple technical systems in 24 x 7 environment operational environments with high uptime requirements. Varied shift schedules may include day, night and weekend hours Other duties as assigned Requirements: Bachelor s degree in computer science, information systems or a related field, or equivalent corporate or military training. 7+ years of full-time experience performing installation, maintenance, troubleshooting and error correction on a variety of network, LAN, WAN and WLAN technologies, including but not limited to firewalls, routers, switches, wireless controllers, wireless access points and end-device network clients Extensive background experience in mid to large datacenter environments Experience performing Core (L3) switch migrations Experience working with Datacenter Switching (Cisco NX-OS): VPC environments with Fabric Extenders Multi-hop FCoE, Storage Networking Overlay Networking technologies such as OTV and VXLAN Ideal but not required Converged fabric environments Cisco UCS environments Advanced working knowledge in BGP, OSPF, ISIS with route redistribution and policy based routing HPe Aruba Switching/Routing experience Extensive firewall background experience in Fortinet, Palo Alto and Cisco ASA, Firepower that includes: HA design/implementation Identity based policies SSL-VPN, IPsec Ikev1-2, GRE tunneling Captive portal and endpoint protection NAT Advanced troubleshooting skills. Be able to mentor others and serve as a point of escalation during any critical support assistance incident. Desire to learn and be up-to date in new networking technologies Strong Data Center and/or Security experience. CCIE Data Center is highly desired. Intimate knowledge of complex system and solution architectures Demonstrable knowledge of TCP/IP protocols and implementation Working knowledge of general client and server operating systems and back-office applications, including but not limited to the Microsoft Windows Operating System (multiple versions), Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, etc. Strong communication skills in the English language, with the ability to communicate clearly with both technical and non-technical personnel in high-stress situations Ability to work in a self-directed manner on multiple tasks or projects, with excellent organizational and time-management skills High level of professionalism, particularly working with and assisting clients with technical questions and issues Ability to produce and maintain documentation of information security systems using a variety of tools (i.E. Microsoft Word, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft SharePoint, etc.) Able to work in a fast paced environment with minimal or no supervision Must meet all requirements to obtain a Federal Transportation Workers Identification Card (TWIC) Desired requirements: MUST possess an active/current CCIE with a focus in Data Center or Security. 4-6 years experience working with firewalls and other security related devices. Expert knowledge Cisco IOS, and Cisco Nexus OS. Experience in HP and Brocade switching equipment is preferred. Expert knowledge of IP internetworking/ IP routing protocols (OSPF, BGP), Quality of Service (QoS), IP multicast, etc. Previous client facing support/experience preferred