Lineage Logistics is hiring a Traffic Clerk. The Traffic Clerk will be compiling and maintaining records of inbound and outbound shipments, assigning drivers, and notifying warehouse for dock assignments. Responsibilities of the Traffic Clerk: Receives, counts and logs cash received by carriers Coordinates with warehouse and transportation to ensure the completion of shipping/receiving documents accurately and in a timely manner Verifies and counts products to ensure data accuracy on system Notifies carriers and management personnel of pending, no shows and/or unscheduled arrivals Assists with rescheduling appointments with drivers if necessary Maintains warehouse management system (WMS) scheduler Required Qualifications of the Traffic Clerk: Strong communication skills with the ability to read and speak English Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. with or without reasonable assistance Must be able and willing to frequently push, pull, kneel, bend and reach Must be able and willing to work weekends Must be able and willing to complete a pre-employment basic math skills test Must be able and willing to complete a pre-employment background check and drug screen Preferred Qualifications of the Traffic Clerk : High School Diploma or GED Work Environment This is a cold storage warehouse with temperatures between -10 and 34 degrees Office setting in a warehouse Must be capable of multi-tasking and communicating with a variety of people and personalities Noise level in the warehouse varies and, at times, can be loud Why Lineage This is an excellent position to begin your career path within Lineage! Success in this role leads to greater responsibilities and promotions! A career at Lineage starts with learning about our business and how each team member plays a part each and every day to satisfy our customers’ requirements. Beyond that, you’ll help us grow and learn on our journey to be the very best employer in our industry. We’ll ask you for your opinion and ensure we do our part to keep you challenged and engaged as we grow our business. Working at Lineage is energizing and fun. Like being with friends, we understand respect and care about our team members. We believe in keeping you informed whether it’s at our daily start-up shift meetings, or our annual team member opinion survey - we want our team together and aligned. About Lineage Logistics Lineage Logistics is a warehousing and logistics partner committed to delivering sophisticated, customized, and dependable cold chain solutions to leading food, retail, agriculture and distribution companies. We serve customers who put a premium on excellence and reliability to ensure our nation’s food supply is handled, stored and delivered safely and securely through the entire supply chain. Not ready to apply? Join our Talent Network. Note that this will not apply for a job. To apply, you must click below to begin.