Company ProfileMorgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.TechnologyTechnology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world's leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets. Morgan Stanley's sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modelling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools. Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients' businesses—and to our own.Position DescriptionThe candidate will be expected to take an active role in the design, development, testing and delivery of processes to accommodate the business needs for Agency MBS trading desk. The role also involves extensive interaction with the Agency traders: an ability to communicate clearly and concisely is essential. This is a developer position and not a management position; the candidate will be expected to code and deliver software daily. The role involves working with HTML5, AngularJS, Java, C++, as well as relational database interaction. Skills Required- 3+ years of relevant experience- Experience using HTML5/AngularJS- Have experience in Java or C++ or ability to pick it up quickly is necessary.- Strong Analytical skills and versed in Object-Oriented Patterns / techniques- Exposure to multithreaded/concurrent programming.- Good communication skills.- Being able to work independently with the users/other teamsSkills Desired- Relational database experience- C experience is a plus- Experience working in finance industry