About the opportunity SWCA is looking for a Full Stack Web Developer with experience in each of the phases of software development, including: requirements, design, coding and implementation, and test and maintenance. SWCA Environmental Consultants is a growing employee-owned firm, providing a full-spectrum of environmental services. With offices across the United States, SWCA is one of the largest environmental compliance firms and ranks among _Engineering News-Record’s_ Top 200 Environmental Firms. This is a great opportunity to join a small dynamic team and work in a fast- paced, creative environment. If you’re the type who likes taking a concept and making into a production ready application, then stop and consider this opportunity! What you will accomplish Develop user friendly applications using _open source_ technology to meet our very specific business needs. Develop applications that require minimal training for the users. Successful candidate will join the Web application development team to produce products using front-end and back-end technologies. Relational Database design and implementation Strong SQL skills (PostgreSQL preferred, MS SQL Server, MySQL) HTML/CSS Strong Javascript/JQuery skills Experience using an open source web framework in a production environment (Python-based, such as Django,web2py, Flask, is preferred) Familiar with MVC design principles Experience building secure, web-based UIs for databases (including web forms, search functionality, reports, etc.) Experience with Nginx (or Apache2, Tomcat, or other web server software) Experience and qualifications for success BS in Computer Science; or equivalent professional experience of no less than 4 years relative experience 2 years of experience, preferred ESRI software, GIS development experience Mobile app development (iOS, Android) NoSQL (MongoDB, CouchDb, DynamoDB), Big Data Amazon Web Services Linux Server administration/management Environmental or Cultural Resource background would be a PLUS! SWCA Environmental Consultants is a growing employee-owned firm, providing a full-spectrum of environmental services. With offices across the United States, SWCA is one of the largest environmental compliance firms and ranks among _Engineering News-Record’s_ Top 200 Environmental Firms. If you would like to contact SWCA regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the online application process due to a disability, please email accommodations@swca.com or call 800-828-8517. This contact information is for disability accommodation requests only. All other inquiries will not receive a response. _EOE - women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply._