Job Details Level Experienced Job Location Austin Office - Austin, TX Position Type Undisclosed Education Level High School Salary Range Undisclosed Travel Percentage Undisclosed Job Shift Day Job Category Admin - Clerical Description The project administrator oversees and performs administrative functions for the South Texas Civil Design Team and the Water Quality/Permitting Team, relevant to their projects and assists, as necessary with other office administrative duties. The project administrator performs routine clerical and administrative work in answering telephones, receiving the public, providing customer assistance, as well as providing technical support under the direction of project managers. The project administrator performs advanced and technical administrative work associated with projects. The project administrator needs to have capability to support advanced MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint and other office software. The project administrator will assist project managers in use of Vision PM tools. Essential Functions: Processing of monthly invoices for the technical teams. Maintaining project files including archives. Editing/formatting (consistent with APAI technical standards), and finalizing project-related documents. Scheduling and coordinating project and client meetings and conference calls. Setting up video conferencing. Making travel arrangements for project-related travel. Entering information on electronic permit applications forms. Data entry from laboratory reports to spreadsheets. Preparing reports, involving copying, binding, and as necessary, outsource to ARC Nova Copy for larger copying jobs. Traveling to TCEQ in order to deliver, submit, or obtain project-related documents. Preparing project-related transmittal letters, emails and other correspondence. Assisting with publishing required permit-related notices, serving as liaison between newspaper and PMs. Preparing and coordinating shipments of project-related documents and other materials. Taking notes for project meetings and ensure they are distributed and filed Checking draft TPDES permits, fact sheets, and notices for edits, deletions, and changes Assisting with development of proposals and statements of qualifications, as necessary to support the proposal effort. Answering and transferring calls, greeting and directing visitors. Processing, sorting and distributing incoming mail/prepare outgoing mail (overnight courier). Scheduling and coordinating office meetings and conference calls utilizing Outlook and Skype. Ordering lunches (and other catering) for in-house meetings (Frontline, Table Talk, Lunch & Learn, and Brown Bags, etc.). Maintaining inventory, ordering, and organizing office and break room supplies. Interfacing with vendors (Parks Coffee, Office Depot, FreshOfficeFruit). Submitting office maintenance requests for repairs as needed. Maintaining filing system and archive project files and other files for closed projects (if necessary). Process archived files to be sent to offsite-archive storage (Safesite). Maintaining, and cataloging publications in electronic library database. Assisting HR with orientation of new hires. Preparing Powerpoint presentations for technical staff meetings or presentations. Reconciling expense reports with credit card statements. Competencies: Ability to multi-task Detail oriented Effective communicator Problem-solving skills Time management skills Microsoft Office proficiency Personal Qualities: Ethical conduct, flexibility in tasks, professional demeanor, reliability, and punctuality. Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no supervisory responsibilities. Work Environment: This job operates in a professional office environment. Professional dress required. On Casual Fridays, jeans and boots or other appropriate footwear (not flip-flops) may be worn. Physical and Mental Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Position Type and Expected Hours of Work: Monday through Friday, 8 am to 5 pm. Additional hours may be required when required for meeting project and team deadlines. Travel: Overnight travel is not typically required, though some travel to local meetings, TCEQ, or other agencies may be required. Occasional multi-day trips to other APAI offices might be necessary. Qualifications Required Education and Experience: High School diploma or GED required. A minimum of three (3) years working in a corporate environment. Must be proficient and an advanced user of Microsoft Office Suite. Preferred Education and Experience : Preferred education includes AA Degree, with specialized course work in general office practices such as typing, filing, accounting and bookkeeping. Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Must have a valid Texas driver's license. Must be able to legally work in the United States without sponsorship, now or in the future. Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. It is the policy of the Company to provide an equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis or race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, medical condition, disability, worker’s compensation status, or veteran status.