Description Lumina is seeking for an experienced Software Architect to make intuitive high level decisions for software development. You will see the “big picture” analyze user needs, create architectural approaches for software design and implementation. A great software architect has a strong technical background and excellent IT skills. They are experienced in designing and possess ability to develop a unified vision for software characteristics and functions. Responsibilities Collaborate with other professionals and users to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications Use tools and methodologies to create representations for functions and user interface of desired product Develop high-level product specifications with attention to system integration and feasibility Define all aspects of development from appropriate technology and workflow to coding standards Communicate successfully all concepts and guidelines to development team Oversee progress of development team to ensure consistency with initial design Provide technical guidance and coaching to developers and engineers Ensure software meets all requirements of quality, security, modifiability, extensibility etc. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications Proven experience in Analytica modeling Proven experience in software development using Analytica Decision Engine Experience in software development and coding in various languages (C, .NET, JavaScript etc.) Experience in databases such us MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL and ETL Tools Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture Excellent knowledge of UML and other modeling methods Familiarity with HTML/CSS, JavaScript and UI/UX design Understanding of software quality assurance principles A technical mindset with great attention to detail High quality organizational and leadership skills Outstanding communication and presentation abilities BS in computer science, engineering or relevant field Fluent in English and Spanish Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with “big data” and analytics Project Management Certification Experience working with multicultural and international teams remote and in place. Job Category: Software Engineering Primary Location: USA-California, Campbell Full/Part Time: Full Time Job Type: Software Architect SOC: 15-1132/ 15-1133 Salary Range: 100K – 110K