SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. FULL STACK SOFTWARE ENGINEER The Enterprise Information Systems (EIS) team writes the software that builds rockets and powers SpaceX. We are a dynamic, highly iterative community responsible for all of the software on the factory floor, the warehouses, the financial systems, the supply chain systems, and more. Elon has called us the "nervous system" of SpaceX because we connect all of the other teams at SpaceX to ensure that the entire rocket building process runs smoothly. YOUR OPPORTUNITY AT SPACEX: We are seeking software engineers with demonstrable experience developing across a full application stack. Our applications are written in: ASP.NET, C, SQL Server, AngularJS, and TypeScript, but we don’t require experience in a specific language as long as you possess core computer science fundamentals in full stack development. Are you comfortable tackling new problems and innovating solutions? Do you love interacting with every facet of a business? Do you consider yourself creative, motivated, and able to take ownership of the applications you build? If this sounds like you, you can help us get to Mars! RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop custom applications to solve business needs Pair with other developers to understand code changes, assess risk, and ensure best practices. Partner with Product Managers and stakeholders to create robust solutions Assure timely release of new features and bug fixes through agile development practices Maintain (and improve) the quality of the solutions delivered, while continuing to reduce the time from concept to consumed solution. Collaborate with UX designers and Software Architects to create consistency with both design and architecture across all of the apps Craft and maintain a portfolio of applications that empower SpaceX BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, or similar technical discipline. 3+ years of experience developing across a full-stack: Web server, relational database, and client-side/front-end. PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Database - Understanding of SQL and ability to write performant SQL. Ability to diagnose queries, and work with DBAs. Server - Knowledge of how web servers operate on a low-level. Familiar with web protocols, developing APIs, scaling web applications. Ability to increase performance and diagnose problems. Good judgment in UX/UI design. Understands the finer points of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - know which tools to use when and why. System architecture - Proficiency in structuring a database, website, and rich client side application from scratch. Quality - Demonstrated usage of different testing patterns, continuous integration processes, build deployment systems. Continuous monitoring. Current - Up to date with current trends, patterns, goings-on in the world of web development as it changes rapidly. Strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals and applying them in the real-world. Development - Experience with Agile Development and Scrum methodologies. ITAR REQUIREMENTS: To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.