_Fora Financial, located in NYC, is a leading financial services company providing working capital to small and mid-size businesses nationwide._ _Established in 2008, we support small businesses in need of financing to sustain or grow their enterprise by providing innovative, customized, and flexible working capital solutions. We operate through a consultative approach, listening to customers and providing what best meets their needs in an ever-changing financial market. To date, Fora Financial has funded over 22,000 individual transactions to more than 15,000 unique customers. The company has funded over $750 million in working capital solutions for small businesses since its inception._ Position Summary: We are looking for a talented Full Stack .NET software engineer with solid experience, good communication skills and an eye toward detail to help us take our outstanding web-based lending platform to the next level. Come join a team that values excellence, teamwork and integrity as we produce exceptional FinTech solutions using the latest technologies. Fora Financial is a place to develop your career as you help develop the next generation of financial products. Base salary ranges from $70K to $110K depending on experience and includes a competitive benefits package. We are conveniently located in mid- town Manhattan near NY Penn Station, the Port Authority Bus terminal and several subway and bus lines. _This is a full-time, permanent position. No VISA sponsorship/transfers. No C2C or third-party candidates._ A Day in the Life of a Full Stack .Net Developer: Work with other team members on design and implementation of core platform technologies (integration with financial services, authentication, rules engines, data models, work flows, etc.) Design, implement, and test external facing APIs to facilitate external integration with our platform Integrate with SQL Server backend using a proprietary ORM What You Have: At least 3 years of significant C, ASP.NET development experience Solid understanding of MCV w/Razor Solid command of HTML, CSS and JavaScript In depth knowledge of relational databases, SQL server and ORM Works well with a team but can also take responsibility for tasks and work independently Adept at writing unit tests and testable codes The Benefits of Working for Fora Financial: A good work/life balance Medical, Dental, Vision Coverage 401K Match Life Insurance at No Cost to Employees Generous Time Off Plan Including Rollover Vacation Days Commuter Benefits Health Care and Dependent Care Flexible Spending