We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role As a Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst, you will hold a highly visible analytical role that requires interaction and partnership with leaders across the businesses. You will be responsible to conceptualize, design, and produce visually compelling business intelligence (BI) reporting solutions (reports, dashboards, cubes, interfaces, etc.) using reporting tools, applications, and queries or scripts through the use of reporting and visualization techniques. This is a highly impactful and autonomous role where the insights provided will directly impact the bottom line of the business. You will work extensively with product management teams, marketing teams, technical teams, finance, and operations team and help find opportunities to grow the business. You should be an expert with analyzing large data sets, enjoys diving deep into data analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions. The candidate should be an effective communicator capable of driving resolutions and communicating insights to non-technical audiences. What You'll Do Design and develop metrics, reports, analyses, and dashboards to drive key business and product decisions to improve performance and reduce costs. Conduct deep-dive data analysis for business insights and recommendation Collaborate with software engineers to implement the data architecture and design Combine knowledge of statistical methodology and analysis with programming skills to support complex analyses Detailed knowledge of data warehouse technical architecture, infrastructure components, ETL and reporting/analytic tools and environments Strong understanding of software development life cycle and/or agile development environment with emphasis on BI practices Solid understanding of source data, its strengths, weaknesses, semantics and formats; solid knowledge of logical and physical data modeling concepts (relational and dimensional) What You'll Need Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, or related technical field 5+ years of years of relevant professional work experience in analytics, data engineering, business intelligence, market research or related field 5+ years of Experience with BI tools with at least 2 years working in Tableau Experience gathering business requirements, using industry standard business intelligence tools to extract data, formulate metrics and build reports Experience using advanced SQL (OLAP, CTE etc) and databases in a business environment with large-scale, big data, complex datasets Experience identifying and communicating analytical outcomes in person and in writing to both business and technical teams Experience with statistical modeling and analyzing large data sets Bonus Points If Experience surfacing automated insights using descriptive analytics Experience in BI projects converting business needs to data warehousing and reporting solutions Both technically deep and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within the organization Demonstrated ability to coordinate projects across functional teams, including engineering, marketing, finance, and operations Experience writing ETL scripts in python or any other language.