Caliber Collision is the largest, fastest-growing collision repair company in America. Right now, we're looking for highly talented, dedicated, and quality- focused teammates to help restore the rhythm of our customers' lives. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The duties listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to ensure individuals with disabilities are able to perform the essential functions. Properly greet customers in person or on the phone, determine their needs, and immediately respond by providing guidance and assistance as required. Handle walk-in customer pay estimates, adjusted claim estimates, and preliminary DRP and/or DRP drive-in estimates as/if assigned. Prepare estimates, capture repairs, pre-order parts, or schedule repairs as needed. Follow up on non-captured repairs Demonstrate competence in all areas of Customer Service, Client Management, Repair Management, and Levels 1-3 Collision Damage Estimating. Effectively communicate with customers, clients, team mates and vendors to ensure correct and efficient repairs while adhering to all Caliber and client guidelines and SOPs. Assist Service Advisors by handling drop-offs, mapping/marking and photographing vehicles, arranging customer transportation, preparing paperwork and performing active customer deliveries. Effectively utilize all computer programs related to Caliber’s Customer Service, Client Management, Repair Management, and Levels 1-3 Collision Damage Estimating About Us Caliber Collision didn’t get to be the nation’s largest collision repair company by accident. It’s taken an unyielding commitment to being the collision repair center of choice in every community we serve – a vision that began when our company was founded in 1997 and continues strong to this day. To achieve this, we’re not just part of the collision repair industry - we lead it. Not only by setting new standards in customer service, but also by implementing cutting edge technology at every turn. This is how we’ve built a company with more than 500 convenient, state-of-the-art repair centers and growing, and why hundreds of thousands of people entrust their vehicles to us every year. We are driven by our purpose – to restore our teammates and our teammates to the rhythm of their lives. A career at Caliber is not for everyone, but if you’ve got the drive, we’ve got your ride! Posted Date: Aug 9, 2018 Requisition Number: R0038965 Position Type: Full-time