Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Do you enjoy creating compelling data visualizations and discovering insights? Do you have an innate ability to translate analysis into a great story and recommend a course of action? Do you want to use data to influence how the Tech teams at Facebook grow and thrive for years to come? If this sounds interesting, we want to talk to you. In this role, you will see a direct link between your work, company growth, and our ability to transform our workforce over time. You could work on some of the most challenging workforce growth issues at a scale that few companies can match. The Mission Control team is a group of people at Facebook responsible for workforce planning and resource allocations for the technical teams. We are looking for an experienced analyst to build custom reports, dashboards, and do deep-dives on discrete questions we have about how best to support our technical teams. The individual in this role will primarily design and build compelling dashboards for the Tech organization, providing key insights to program managers and leaders. They will be in a unique position to highlight the key drivers impacting the future state of tech workforce management and make bold recommendations to executives to proactively execute solutions. The ideal candidate will have excellent Tableau design skills, ability to apply structure to complex data sets, and advise on best analytics practices to meet our workforce planning objectives. This is a full-time position based in our Seattle, WA, Menlo Park, CA, New York City, NY locations. RESPONSIBILITIES Leverage design skills to build complete suite of user-oriented dashboards and meaningful, actionable data visualizations to meet workforce needs of the Tech business Combine data analytics to make comprehensive recommendations regarding workforce growth across Tech Present all data and findings in succinct and creative ways using data visualizations for a broad audience Perform deep-dive analyses to answer complex questions and deliver insights on the root causes of issues and make recommendations on how to best monitor and meet them Meet with analysts, engineering managers, product managers and non-technical clients to understand data needs Build strong relationships & influence constituents from support functions across the company and within the team to act on findings Work with data infrastructure, tooling and process teams to triage data- quality issues and drive long term improvement Provide data, reporting, dashboards, models, forecasts and insights for Mission Control, reporting key findings to the Mission Control team and technical leadership Approach ad-hoc data requests creatively, identifying root cause needs and determine when discrete needs should be regular reports or dashboards Become an expert in comprehensive processes spanning multiple functions and datasets, digging into the details through focus groups and stakeholder feedback to summarize context, problems, and solutions MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years’ experience working as a data analyst, dashboard designer, or similar role BS/BA in a technical field Experience with Excel, Tableau and/or other reporting/data manipulation tool Experience with SQL, Python, R, VBA and/or similar programming language PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Degree in an analytical or similar field and 5+ years analytic work experience Graduate degree Strong knowledge of Tableau and ability to learn new analytic software Must love data and “building” things – making dashboards, structuring data, and getting your hands dirty Ability to merge together data sets from disparate sources and report findings in a variety of formats and mediums Deeply interested in delivering elegant and functional visualizations to make a noticeable impact for business Ability to query data in at least one common programming language Good understanding of analytics and experience with investigating correlations Practice and patience with unclean data with the follow-through to fix it long term Comfortable with ambiguity and applying creativity to solve complex problems Experience with presenting recommendations to broad audiences with business outcomes as result of influence