FICO is looking to add a Renewals Manager to our Global Operations team who can assist in our renewal process and ensure customer success. This person will be responsible for managing the customer renewal database and partnering with regional operations and sales teams to support the successful closure of FICO renewals. Through relationship building and frequent communication, the Renewals Manager will assist in ensuring timely renewals, increased knowledge of FICO license policies, and help to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. This is an opportunity to serve as a subject matter expert inside our Global Operations organization. Job Description What You’ll Contribute Creating, updating and innovating new functional processes, playbooks and supporting materials to ensure consistency and efficiency in the renewals process. Build and maintain an accurate database of FICO renewals, including the identification and tracking of customer assets. Responsible for overseeing all assigned contract renewals, which includes working directly with FICO sales teams to ensure timely and accurate execution. Develop reporting and dashboards to support Renewals tracking, management and insights. Enlist the efforts of sales reps, customer success managers, and senior management when necessary to accelerate the contract renewal process and ensure customer satisfaction. Work in Salesforce.com to create renewal opportunities and renewal quotes on behalf of the Sales organization. Ensure that all FICO policies around renewals, CPI increases etc. are adhered to during the renewal process. Lead discussions around forecasting and pipeline status with internal stakeholders. What We’re Seeking Bachelor’s degree preferred. Strong customer service focus, written and verbal communication skills, and attention to detail and accuracy. Ability to take initiative, work flexibly, and adhere to priorities with minimal direct supervision. Aptitude to learn Salesforce.com and an ability to implement best practices to allow for fast and effective scale out. Experience using Excel and PowerPoint and other Microsoft Office programs. Experience using Tableau and Anaplan a plus. Our Offer to You A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others. The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths. Highly competitive compensation and rewards. Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.