AppNexus is looking for a Video Data Analyst with expertise in online or offline video advertising. Analysts are creative thought leaders responsible for leveraging data to maximize performance and liquidity of our most strategic products, clients, and Video marketplace as a whole. We partner closely with Product Managers, Marketplace Managers, Commercial, Services, and Engineering teams to study client, product, and marketplace performance data, identify areas for improvement, and implement enhancements to drive success on our platform. Our team is focused on using data to generate insights that inform strategy for multiple capabilities across AppNexus. This role is perfect for someone who has a quantitatively-oriented degree, experience with customers, a passion for data, analytics, insights, and a strong desire to use data and consultation to drive success for our Video Marketplace. About the team: The core mission of the Analytics organization is to drive strategy and execution across the company using data to inform and empower our partners and clients. Whether we’re working with client-facing field teams or internal decision makers, we aim to meet any reporting, analytics, visualization and story-telling needs they may have. Beyond our data capabilities, our team acts as consultants for our partners, breaking down every request to ensure that the analytical insights we’re providing will truly help achieve our partners’ goals. Our toolkit includes elements statistics, auction dynamics, consultation, programmatic expertise as well as practical tools and techniques for manipulating and exploring vast quantities of data. Depending on the exact role, we work closely with Production Engineers, Product Managers, Operations, Account Managers, Services, Marketing, and sometimes directly with clients to create novel features, systems, analyses, and strategy. We love that our contributions further AppNexus’ position as a pioneer and thought-leader in the AdTech industry, but at the end of the day, we measure our efforts based on the impact and value we create for our clients and internal teammates. About the job: Become an AppNexus video domain expert and share that expertise with internal teams and clients Leverage creative problem solving and technical skills to tackle new, never-before-solved problems as they arise Partner with internal teammates and our largest clients to provide strategic insights and recommendations Work alongside Product, Engineering, Services, and Commercial teams to roll out and monitor success of new products and features Develop new software, database and computer language capabilities and teach them to others to expand the technical skillset of our team (and our company as a whole) Help build our Analytics practice by developing training materials, customer facing assets and internal resources About your skills and experience: 3-6 years of relevant analytics work experience and a quantitatively-oriented degree Demonstrable interest or experience in digital media buying or selling and marketplace dynamics Relevant work experience in video advertising preferred Experience compiling, manipulating, and gleaning insights from extremely large datasets in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial and fluid start-up environment Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a demonstrable passion to impose structure on seemingly undefined problems, dig into terabytes of data, and quickly construct tools Experience with data visualization and using data to tell a story Demonstrable experience managing internal and external customers Mastery of MS Excel Beneficial skills with relational databases, SQL and Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas) preferred 1-2 years of experience leading projects from initial scoping phase to completion, including presenting insights and making recommendations to senior-level clients or stakeholders Outstanding organization and presentation skills Strong written and verbal communication skills More about you: You are passionate about a culture of learning and teaching. You love challenging yourself to constantly improve and sharing your knowledge to empower others. You like to take risks when looking for novel solutions to complex problems. If faced with roadblocks, you continue to reach higher to make greatness happen. You care about solving big, systemic problems. You look beyond the surface to understand root causes so that you can build long-term solutions for the whole ecosystem. You believe in not only serving customers, but also empowering them by providing them with knowledge and tools. AppNexus is proud to offer equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We strive to foster a diverse, inclusive and engaging work environment. We welcome applications from all candidates and look forward to receiving yours. Our diversity in action: Partnering with Path Forward to offer returnships to help caregivers reenter the workforce Sharing feedback openly through roundtable discussions on how to make progress on our Diversity & Inclusion goals Celebrating our diversity with affinity groups (including OutNexus, AppNexus Women’s Network, AppNexus Latino Alliance and BlackNexus to name just a few!)