Build an organization and infrastructure that proactively monitors, evaluates, reporting and helps clients improve plant performance and returns. Lead the process to analyze plant performance providing feedback to the design, procurement and field execution teams Lead the O&M and Warranty Services offering to continually improve program proactively identifying and addressing client current and potential warranty issues driving improved plant performance and lower overall operating costs. Work with project teams and directors to identify all warranty requirements and obligations. Lead project teams to develop warranty plans to provide clients high value warranty services. Develop the pricing, scopes and terms for the O&M offering Develop an O&M advisory program to help clients ensure they are performing O&M that results in better performing plants as well as meeting warranty and legal requirements. Lead the commissioning team improving performance testing and inspection providing customers and McCarthy team to understand the plant’s ability to meet the long-term performance. Lead the performance modeling integrating current plant performance into the modeling best practices. Develop staff growth plans for each of the staff supporting warranty, O&M, commissioning and performance modeling. Build a post construction culture of continually learning from our operating facilities focused on providing clients top value energy production with reliable, high performing facilities. Skills/Experience Team Leadership: The director needs to provide leadership based on the McCarthy values to bring together various post construction functions and skilled individuals. Business Acumen: The director for this position needs to have an ability to develop a vision for the post construction offering that supports the growth of the business. PV Plant Performance Analysis and Troubleshooting: The individual needs to have a deep understanding of PV plant performance and identify issues that impacts the performance. Plant Commissioning: Have an understanding of commissioning and ability to work with the commissioning leader to improve the processes. Performance Modeling: Understand PV system modeling and specifically PV Syst. McCarthy is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer regardless of race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religious beliefs, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.