Help serve Google's worldwide user base of more than a billion people. Business Analysts provide quantitative support, market understanding and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a data- loving member of the team, you serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You make critical recommendations for your fellow Googlers in Engineering and Product Management. As a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next. As a Business Analyst, you will gather, assess, and manage data about every part of Google’s hardware supply chain, and transform it into insights, analysis and reporting. You are comfortable working with data and have the ability to analyse complex details of data formatting, query massaging and bulletproofing pipelines. You’re also a self-driven performer and you thrive on creating structure and value out of complex and ambiguous technical challenges with little guidance. Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology. Responsibilities Work with non-technical business users to understand their analytical needs, document and prioritize requirements, and to help them effectively use the data and analytical tools that the team has developed. Design, develop and support data warehouses, dashboards, data pipelines and reporting tools for operational and business impact data. Design and enforce access control for all the data. Work with business stakeholders and engineer teams to validate data, identify gaps and contribute in changes in business processes and data pipelines to fix data gaps. Develop visualization based on user needs on Google dashboards or Tableau. Manage projects and drive analytical projects end to end. Write and review technical documents, including requirements, schemas, design documents for existing and future data systems. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on quantitative or technical work (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience. Experience working with and developing for non-technical users (defining requirements, explaining technical concepts to non-technical business users, etc.). Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition and schema design. Experience designing data models and data warehouses, writing and maintaining ETLs which operate on structured and unstructured sources. Experience in one or more visualization tools (e.g. Tableau), gathering reporting and analytics requirements from stakeholders. Preferred qualifications: Experience with Unix or GNU/Linux systems, including shell scripting. Familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, Ruby, etc.). Understanding of fundamental computing concepts including data structures and algorithms (including trees, graphs, file formats, algorithmic complexity). Proficiency in a language for statistical computing (e.g. R, SAS, Stata etc). Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting priorities while driving towards pragmatic decisions/actions. Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.