The mission of the San Jose Police Department is to create safe places to live, work and learn through community partnerships. Positions & Duties The Police Data Specialist (PDS) position is an entry level training position in the Operations Support Services Division (O.S.S.D.) of the Police Department. Under close supervision, Police Data Specialists learn to perform specialized technical work utilizing automated law enforcement information systems that lend support to sworn personnel and other department members. Duties include complex data input and retrieval processes requiring extreme accuracy; providing services to the community; and performing related work as required. O.S.S.D. operates 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. The Police Department provides a six-month training program. During a one-year probationary period, incumbents complete the training program and a subsequent six months of on-the-job training. This includes but is not limited to a demonstrated proficiency of all aspects of Operations Support Services Division's responsibilities. While on probation, candidate performance is rated on a daily basis by experienced Police Data Specialists, Senior Police Data Specialists and/or other supervisors. Those who pass probation receive a pass/fail proficiency examination. Upon passing the examination, incumbents will be promoted to the position of Police Data Specialist II. This recruitment may be used to fill multiple positions in this, or other divisions or departments. If you are interested in employment in this classification, you should apply to ensure you are considered for additional opportunities that may utilize the applicants from this recruitment. For more information about Police department, OSSD unit, CLICK HERE The workweek may consist of four workdays of 10.5 hours followed by 3 consecutive days off or five workdays of 8.5 hours followed by 2 consecutive days off. Each workday includes two paid 15 minute breaks and a 1/2 hour unpaid meal breaks. OSSD employees wear uniforms. A prorated uniform allowance of $500 per year is provided in January of each year. Trainees are expected to purchase and begin wearing their uniforms by the start of the 16th week of training. Trainees are rotated through different units of OSSD and will be assigned to various shifts (Day, Swing and Midnight) and days off. New PDS's should expect to work night shifts, weekends and holidays. A shift differential of $1.50 per hour for Swing Shift and $1.75 per hour for Midnight shift is added to the base salary and compensatory time or pay will be granted for holiday work in accordance with the memorandum of agreement between the City of San Jose and the Municipal Employees Federation. After training, PDS's bid for assignments, shifts (day, swing or midnight) and days off every six months in order of seniority as a Police Data Specialist. Senior employees typically select preferred shifts and days off and may have the option of a five day work week and/or alternate start times available to them. New employees may work nights, weekends and holidays for several years before they attain the seniority required to bid for more desirable assignments, shifts, days off and/or start times. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications 1\. Education: Completion of high school, General Education Development (GED) Certificate, or California Proficiency Certificate. 2\. Experience: No minimum requirement. 3\. Employment Eligibility: Federal law requires all employees to provide verification of their eligibility to work in this country. Please be informed that the City of San Jose will not prepare or file a labor condition application with the Department of Labor. 4\. Background: Pass personal background investigation as required by the Police Department. Competencies The ideal candidate will possess the following competencies, as demonstrated in past and current employment history. Desirable competencies for this position include: Job Expertise - Demonstrates knowledge of and experience with applicable professional/technical principles and practices, Citywide and departmental procedures/policies and federal and state rules and regulations. Communication Skills - Effectively conveys information and expresses thoughts and facts clearly, orally and in writing; demonstrates effective use of listening skills; displays openness to other people’s ideas and thoughts. Computer Skills - Experienced with common business computer applications including but not limited to: MS Outlook, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Access, and MS Excel Customer Service - Demonstrates the ability to anticipate customers' needs and deliver services effectively and efficiently using professional demeanor. Multi-Tasking - Can handle multiple projects and responsibilities simultaneously; has handled a wide variety of assignments in past and/or current position(s). Teamwork & Interpersonal Skills - Develops effective relationships with co- workers and supervisors by helping others accomplish tasks and using collaboration and conflict resolution skills. Selection Process The selection process will consist of an evaluation of the applicant's training and experience based on the application and answers to the job- specific questions. Only those candidates whose backgrounds best match the positions will be forwarded to the next phase of the selection process, which includes an Employment Orientation, Computer practical (Criticall) and oral interview. Applicants deemed most competitive after oral interviews will be required to pass a police background investigation, which includes polygraph, and psychological screening. Employment Orientation : Attendance to the Employment Orientation is MANDATORY. The Employment Orientation is informational only and provides applicants with more details about the Operations Support Services Division and the Police Data Specialist position as well as information about the Background Process and requirements. Tentative Date - Thursday, October 25, 2018 CRITICALL (COMPUTER PRACTICAL) EXAMINATION: Candidates who attend the Employment Orientation will be invited to the Criticall Examination. The Criticall for Police Data Specialist position is different from Public Safety Radio Dispatcher Trainee and Public Safety Communication Specialist position. During this phase, applicants will listen to a series of taped exercises, which require applicants to rapidly and accurately process simulated dispatch information utilizing a computer keyboard. Tentative timeline: Please Note - This Recruitment is for our June 2019 Academy Application review - Through October 15, 2018 Employment Orientation - October 25, 2018 Criticall Exam - Week of November 5-9, 2018 (Tentative date - week may change) Oral Interview - November 17-18, 2018 Background Seminar - July 14 - 15, 2018 Background Investigation - December 2018 - April 2019 Academy/Start Date - June 3, 2019 If you have questions, comments or concerns about the recruitment, selection or hiring process, please contact Rose Lara at (408) 537-9682 or via email at rose.lara@sanjoseca.gov. Additional Information Link to Benefits Page Link to Department Website The application deadline is 11:59 PM on the October 9, 2018. Please allow adequate time to complete the application and submit before the deadline or the system may not save your application. If your online application was successfully submitted, you will receive an automatic confirmation email to the email address you provided. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE CONFIRMATION, please email CityCareers@sanjoseca.gov and we will research the status of your application. Please contact Human Resources at (408) 535-1285, or Human.Resources@sanjoseca.gov if you have any questions. Job : Police Family Organization : Police Schedule : Full-time Employee Status : Regular Job Type : Standard Job Posting : Aug 10, 2018, 4:57:34 PM Minimum Salary : 47,777.60 Maximum Salary : 65,582.40 Bargaining Unit 1 : Municipal Employees' Federation Closing Date : Oct 10, 2018, 6:59:00 AM