QUALITEL PROFILE: Qualitel is an Electronics Manufacturing Service (EMS) provider that specializes in high end, high reliability product applications. The company invests heavily in people and technology to stay at the forefront of this field. The goal of Qualitel is to help its employees achieve self-sufficient, healthy and secure lives. KEY SUCCESS FACTORS Production of high quality work, meeting all specifications, completed on time, and within established Labor Time Standards The Shipping Clerk will be trained to WIP, package and ship according to company work instructions. Motivated, well cross trained employees with a positive “can do” attitude and ability to work in different areas as needed Work Order & work team integration with other shifts and departments. Minimization of OT Willingness to embrace change and work with management to make improvements in the shipping department Establish and maintain good communication methods with fellow shipping clerks, other shifts, Supervisors, and Management. PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for routing outbound freight to assure delivery as required; monitors carriers performance and tariff charges and determines best carriers for the most cost-effective and reliable delivery within established standards. Maintains shipping logs and maintains files of shipping records. Takes finished orders after final quality control inspection and wraps and packs in containers as per required standards. Determines most cost efficient bundling of items, (i.e. palletizing or individual packages). Prepares packing lists, bill of ladings and other shipping documentation as necessary. QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: High School diploma or general education degree (GED) plus a minimum of one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. LANGUAGE SKILLS: Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. REASONING ABILITY: To solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Must have valid Washington State License.