The Design Team at Huawei USA R&D; in Cambridge, MA, is seeking a versatile, design-minded individual with a background in user research and instructional design to join our global cross-disciplinary team of designers, hardware engineers, and software engineers. Together, we are creating a unique, next- generation interactive _experience_. The ideal candidate is eager to learn about design, production, and research. You are already proficient in conducting academic research, quantitative and qualitative data analysis, reporting, and are able to lead specialized instructional design activities. You are excited to learn new methods and approaches. You are extremely organized and capable of managing large datasets efficiently. You are good at listening and giving thoughtful, critical feedback. You are an effective written and verbal communicator. You can take direction and work well with others. Importantly, you like to laugh, value the role of playful exploration in the overall design process, and can rise to the challenge when it is time to deliver results. Responsibilities: Your formal deliverables will take the form of translations, research literature reviews, brief written research reports, verbal presentations, the design and implementation of rigorous user testing activities, active participation in design brainstorms, and interaction scenario prototyping and development. You will also contribute to formal interaction scripts in both Chinese and English. Assisting with interaction design and content development Leading specialized instructional design activities, such as curriculum design Designing research protocols for surveys, interviews, focus groups, and observations Conducting literature reviews on topics in HRI, language learning, 21st Century skills, and more Translating written documents and media files between Mandarin and English Quantitative and qualitative data analyses using STATA or other statistics package Requirements: Bachelor’s degree and 2 to 5 years professional experience in an education-related profession or currently pursuing Master’s degree in related field and 1 year of professional work experience Fluent in spoken/written Mandarin, as well as English Ability to translate short documents between Mandarin and English A passion for designing informal learning interventions Has a pulse on what is appealing to contemporary Chinese children Can access their imaginative and playful sides during collaborative script-writing and interaction scenario development Enjoys creative brainstorms and can translate into detailed documentation for technical teams Flexible, quick learner able to work cross-functionally throughout the organization Experience and/or interest in Chinese culture preferred