APM Terminals operates a Global Terminal Network which includes interests in 71 port facilities and a combined 186 combined port and Inland Services operations, employing 20,300 professionals in 63 countries, and on five continents. The company provides port management and operations to over 60 liner shipping customers who serve the world’s leading importers and exporters of containerized and other cargoes. APM Terminals is building a strong presence in Mexico through a semi–automated marine terminal in Lazaro Cardenas, which will be the first in Latin America, leveraged by our existing and currently operating APM Terminals intermodal facility in Mexico City. By integrating Marine Terminal and Intermodal operations APM Terminals are responding to the demands of the container transportation industry delivering a complete solution to our customers in Mexico. Since talented employees are the foundation of our company culture and success, your performance will be rewarded in a way that promotes continued achievement. By generating specialized workforce and looking for the stronger candidates APM Terminals aims to become a benchmark of career opportunities and training in Mexico and the world. We offer An opportunity to be part of a high performance team that ensures APM Terminals has the most efficient, safe and profitable terminals in the region Working with partners, shareholders, authorities and other stake holders Developing roles and responsibilities for a key terminal for APM Terminals in the region Key responsibilities Create the OPS Scorecard Report (KPIs for the Terminal) and process to report to operations. Daily, weekly and monthly report as well as Status updates Create reports for stakeholders. Create reports of downtimes as executed vs planned Test cases to support in Lite and Trail OPS Testings. Create a database of downtimes to have analysis of accurate data. Test cases executed vs planned on time. Analysis of the operations, measurement of the performances of the areas (Gate, Rail, Waterside, Land side). Mapping and tracing of equipment through flow diagrams Reporting Performance We are looking for Degree in Engineering Intermediate Excel N4 knowledge desired Power Bussines Inteligence knowledge desired Igrafx knowledge desired MINITAB Minimum 2 years of experience in Container terminals