This position description encompasses the accountabilities of the administrative assistant for three to four cardiologists/pulmonologist within the Pulmonary Hypertension/Heart Failure program. Incumbent is responsible for assisting in the administration of the Heart Failure/Heart Transplant Program. The successful candidate will be organized, resourceful, take initiative and demonstrate excellent follow through. Must be articulate and possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent grammar and spelling a must. Candidate must be a team player and exhibit strong interpersonal skills and the ability to manage complex assignments. Candidate must be comfortable with multi-tasking and prioritization in a fast-paced environment with close attention to detail, accuracy and timeliness. Excellent computer skills; highly experienced in Windows and Outlook. Position is responsible but not limited to the following: preparing statistics, completing reports, scheduling patient appointments and testing; reviewing and managing the physician schedules, manage calendars, preparing requests for disbursements, assisting in various research projects. Physician specific accountabilities. Provide cross coverage for all HF cardiologists. Collaboration with physicians, nurses and staff members, research nurses, etc. Minimum Requirements : High school diploma or equivalent. Bachelors of Art / Science or college coursework in communication and / or business administration preferred. Two plus years’ experience in a physician environment including experience with third party billing and work in automated scheduling environment. Must have customer service related experience. Proficient with computers including use of Word, Excel, Power Point and Access. Excellent computer skills. Exhibits professionalism and composure in stressful situations. Ability to work in a team environment with a diverse group of staff essential. Exhibits professionalism and composure in stressful situations. Strong attention to detail; able to manage multiple-step procedures and handle frequent interruptions in work flow. Additional Information : Hours of work need to be flexible depending on the needs of the Department. Hours can range from 7:30 to 4:00pm, 8am to 4:30pm, 8:30am to 5pm, 9am to 5:30pm. Forty hours per week. Overtime may be required. We believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. Our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. Penn Medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. Together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives. Penn Medicine http://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/ Live Your Life's Work EOE/AA, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.