digitalshield.org 1 Consultant Job ID Q316JC0166 Job Type Contract-to-hire City/State Virtual Travel Required Up to 50% DigitalShield is one of the fastest growing companies in the history of cybersecurity. By successfully applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to detect emerging and unknown threats, DigitalShield has redefined the threat intelligence market, garnered acclaim from industry analysts and won numerous awards including “Best Emerging Vendor” from SC Magazine. If you have the passion and desire to disrupt industries, protect the world from cyber attacks, and be at the forefront of a revolutionary new technology, we want you to join us! The Consultant helps clients build and manage new or ongoing Cyber Threat Intelligence programs that provide a clear and actionable way to improve their security posture through conducting client workshops and program advisement and consulting. The Consultant will utilize proven methodologies inherent to successful intelligence programs to advise DigitalShield clients on the necessary acquisition of data and technology, as well as workflows and implementation to ensure client success through the intelligence process. The Consultant is also responsible for representing our company as a leader in the security community and publicizing new research, security tools, and techniques. The Consultant will also be required to possess a comprehensive understanding of the breadth of DigitalShield offerings, programs and capabilities to ensure that clients can leverage this knowledge for additional and necessary offerings. digitalshield.org 2 Requirements: WHAT YOU WILL DO Conduct client engagements concerning the assessment/advisement of Cyber Threat Intelligence programs, workshops and assisting with DigitalShield deliverables Provide accurate, complete and timely written documentation for all project phases including ongoing status reports and deliverables detailing technical issues identified and their associated business risks Lead and conduct client interviews as part of discovery process for consulting engagements Establish and maintain rapport with client technical staff and management staff Escalate engagement and client related issues, where appropriate, to engagement lead Provide deliverables and status reports with engagement results and remediation guidance Assist with Cyber Threat Intelligence research in support of internal projects Contribute to public research objectives Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional associations such as OWASP, ISSA, etc. Participate and present at industry forums WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Practical experience engaging senior stakeholders and developing / advising on strategic programs digitalshield.org 3 Full understanding of the Intelligence Lifecycle Ability to conduct or lead multiple types of client engagements with regard to Cyber Threat Intelligence Ability to engage with client senior leadership confidently Strong presentation and verbal communications skills Ability to travel 50% of the time Develop and produce written intelligence reports (tactical and strategic) constructed from analysis of developing cyber events and norms PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Associates Degree (A.A.) or equivalent from two-year College or technical school in Information Technology or related; or one or more years of related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience required. 7+ years of intelligence operations or related government/military experience and/or incident response/penetration testing, or a combination of both. Understanding of exploitation techniques on multiple platforms Strong understanding of low-level computer fundamentals, assembly, and processor architecture Benefits: BENEFITS AND PERKS In addition to medical, dental, vision and 401(K), we offer other great benefits and a slew of perks such as casual dress attire, plethora of employer-sponsored food and snack items, toll road/public transportation subsidy, gym membership discount, etc. We’re proud to have been named one of the “Best Places to Work in Greater New York City area” by the NYC Business Journal. DigitalShield, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without digitalshield.org 4 regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. To apply for this position, send your resume to careers@digitalshield.org and include the Job ID in the subject.