Game Balancer Minecraft inspires millions to create together, connects people across the globe, and brings together a community that is among the most active and passionate in the world. The Minecraft team is looking for a game designer that will work on balancing various game systems. Balancing is as much an art as a science. Do you have the skills required to adjust the variables and complex attributes that make the game tick? Do you have a passion for games and a good sense of numbers, ratios, flow and nonlinear systems? Responsibilities Work alongside the design team on the design of game systems, economy flows and loops. Do predictive simulations on the interaction of various complex systems, alter variables, spawn rates resource cost and other levers that affect the balance of the game. Analyze user behavior, and iterate optimizing for fun, progression, sense of fairness and proper challenge. Develop hypotheses on how game balance can be improved through the adjustments of all the variables in the game Test, prove or disprove said hypotheses through use of prototypes, simulation and actual live deployments and adapt systems accordingly. Qualifications Candidate requirements Minimum three years’ experience in game development. Experience in authoring game content and balancing said content Strong math skills Good command of Excel Excellent verbal, written and visual communication skills Good communication skills Bonus: Experience with large scale games and complex game economies Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, economics, computer science or engineering A background in statistics Knowledge of R Good knowledge of Minecraft a plus Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.