- Operating a hospital is more than IV bags and trauma rooms. One might be surprised by the number of people – and the hats they wear – who work behind the scenes to make sure a hospital runs smoothly and safely for our patients, visitors and staff. Each one plays a critical role and is part of a team to ensure the best care for our patients. Join Banner Health’s Clinical Applications Technical Team where you will work in an agile environment supporting our Cerner EMR. This team is instrumental in the stability and maintenance of Cerner and HIMS. As an IT Systems Engineer Consultant you will be instrumental in Banner's transition from a Client Hosted Organization to a Remote Hosted Organization with Cerner. Your experience in agile methodologies, Red Hat Linux and Cerner will be vital to your success. This position will be a remote, work from home position that requires an in-home workspace. Your pay and benefits are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. This opportunity is also eligible for our Management Incentive Program, as part of your Total Rewards package. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life. - About Banner Health Corporate Within Banner Health Corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. We offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. Whether your background is in Human Resources, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Managed Care Programs or Public Relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position is an expert that demonstrates technical knowledge of infrastructure and communications processes and supports system defined objectives relative to the companys business and healthcare requirements. Interacts as part of a team, leading small sized projects and is able to plan, design, implement and support all company Information Technology infrastructure, networks, hardware and applications. Essential Functions Provides proficient technical support to maintain, monitor and troubleshoot technical systems that are associated with providing critical patient care. Plans, prioritizes and coordinates scheduled projects that require interaction between various customer and department and hardware/software vendors. Develops well defined project plans, work schedules and critical timelines. Works effectively as a team leader or a participating member of the department or project teams. Promotes teamwork by involving others and encourages them to contribute their strengths to the team. Compiles professional, well thought out designs to complex technical processes for presentation to senior members of the team. Interacts with the customer, from a variety of departments, to research and develop solutions to support issues resulting in a positive experience for the customer. Participates in feasibility studies, RFI development and capital budget planning. Position provides technical information regarding current and future industry concepts, hardware, and software. Minimum Qualifications Must possess a strong knowledge of technology as normally obtained through the completion of a bachelor's degree in computer science or related field. Certain assignments require certification or credentialing in designated area. Must also have 4-6 years experience in a healthcare environment or an equivalent combination of relevant education, technical, business and healthcare experience. Must demonstrate general knowledge of information technology and healthcare. Needs experience in small scale project planning and reporting either individual or team. Requires communication and presentation skills to engage technical and non-technical audiences. Requires ability to communicate, and interact across facilities and at various levels. Incumbent will have skills to mentor less experienced team members. As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required. Preferred Qualifications Additional related education and/or experience preferred.