Patient Services 1.0 FTE, 8-Hour Day Shifts At Stanford Children’s Health, we know world-renowned care begins with world- class caring. That's why we combine advanced technologies and breakthrough discoveries with family-centered care. It's why we provide our caregivers with continuing education and state-of-the-art facilities, like the newly remodeled Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Stanford. And it's why we need caring, committed people on our team - like you. Join us on our mission to heal humanity, one child and family at a time. This position provides on site supervision and support for ambulatory clinic day to day operations. Works with physicians and other providers to develop efficient schedule templates, ensures that schedule changes are appropriately completed and tracks clinic cancellation statistics. Develop preliminary staffing schedules. Trains new staff and ensures competency. Audits staff performance and addresses immediate performance issues as they occur. Ensures that staff completes required training and completes staff evaluations. Ensures that the clinic has adequate supplies and forms and is appropriately stocked. Participate in department and hospital projects and committees. Essential Functions Assists the manager in developing and monitoring the supply budget. Audits staff performance of front desk, phone, back office and scheduling functions. Coaches staff and addresses performance issues as they arise. Coordinates staff schedules (including lunches and breaks) to ensure appropriate staffing and adhere to policy. Reassigns staff as necessary to provide adequate coverage. Delivers performance evaluations in collaboration with the Practice Manager and as appropriate. Ensure the approved process for using Trust Commerce is followed by staff and self. Hires staff and evaluates performance. Observes work being performed and monitors the outcome of work. Orients staff to LPCH, ACC and SHC Clinic specific policies and procedures. Oversees authorization and front-end billing issues. Oversees minute to minute clinic flow and ensures that patients are being taken care of in an efficient, compassionate and courteous manner. Coordinates staffing of the check in and check out functions to optimize patient through put. Provide on site supervision to clinic staff. Reviews and signs off on daily clinic deposits. Works with other Clinic Supervisors and Practice Managers to coordinate staffing between clinics as necessary to best serve patient and provider needs. Works with physicians and other providers to develop efficient schedule templates. Minimum Qualifications _Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying._ Education: Associate's degree in a work-related field/discipline from an accredited college or university Experience: Three (3) years of progressively responsible and directly related work experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Ability to adjust communications to fit the needs and level of understanding of the receiver. Ability to coach and motivate team members. Ability to demonstrate customer service skills in interactions with all patients, families and staff, including high volume and stressful situations. Ability to plan, direct, train, supervise and evaluate the work of subordinates. Ability to provide leadership and influence others. Ability to solve problems and identify solutions. Ability to speak, read, write, and understand English effectively at a level appropriate for the safe and effective performance of the job. Knowledge of computer systems and software used in functional area. Equal Opportunity Employer L ucile Packard Children’s Hospital Stanford strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, LPCH does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements, and where applicable, in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.