Comcast Business offers technology solutions ranging from Ethernet, internet, and WiFi connectivity to voice, television, and managed Enterprise solutions to power businesses of all sizes to perform better. From small businesses to mid-market and large Enterprise organizations, Comcast Business serves business customers across the country. Powered by an advanced, Gig-speed network and backed by 24/7 technical support, Comcast Business is one of the largest contributors to the growth of Comcast Cable. The organization is the nation's largest cable provider to small and mid-size businesses and has emerged as a force in the Enterprise market, recognized by leading industry associations as one of the fastest growing provider of Ethernet services. Job Summary: The Sr. Analyst, is responsible for HR reporting & data analysis, project management support for the Comcast Business Human Resource. By leveraging strong analytical skills and an understanding of the business context, the Sr. Analyst, People Analyticswill provide analytical reporting and some action-oriented analyses and support to our HR organization and our business leaders. The ideal candidate is detail-oriented and conscientious, analytical and a strong project manager.Core Responsibilities: - Full responsibility for managing small-sized projects. Provide assistance for medium to large-scale projects and initiatives Projects include, but not limited to performance management, annual employee engagement survey process, talent management, etc.- Provide data analysis, reporting and support for all Comcast Business including employee turnover, headcount, labor activity, diversity, etc.- Provide reporting and follow-through support for all HR and business processes including headcount rosters, mandatory training, performance management, United Way, Comcast Cares Day, etc.- Maintain current analytical data extraction, flow, procedure, visualization and dashboard.- Assist data extraction, transformation, and manipulation for ah-hoc analytics. - Develop and manage annual calendar of HR operational items- Assist HR business partners in variety of duties including talent acquisition, best practice research, organizational design/planning. - Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Skills/Qualifications/Experience: - Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent. Quantitative majors such as math, finance, economics, or organization development, industrial psychologists preferred- Generally requires 2-4 years of relevant work experience.- Progamming in SQL, SAS, or R. Familiarity with Tableau, or other data viz tool- Expert in Microsoft Excel, highly developed skills in Word, and PowerPoint.- Able to extract data from various systems, perform complex data transformation and analysis with large data sets including some statistics testing (T-Test, ANOVA, Chi-square, etc.), and data visualization/dashboard.- Detail-oriented and able to produce accurate reporting and analysis.- Strong organizational, prioritization, critical thinking, analytical, and written/verbal communication skills with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.- Demonstrated track record in effectively interacting with multiple levels of employees, including leaders/managers in a corporate environment. Able to build strong relationships.- High degree of judgment, professional maturity, integrity, credibility. Able to maintain high level of confidentiality.- Self-motivated and able to work independently with a process improvement mindset- Team- oriented and works well in a collaborative environment.- Strong work ethic and able to meet deadlines/commitments. - Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work beyond normal business day as necessary. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer