The Communications & Change Management Consultant develops, implements and manages internal and external communication strategies related to IT initiatives. This includes supporting changes to business processes, systems and technology, job roles and organization structures. The primary focus will be creating and implementing change management plans that maximize employee¿s knowledge and engagement and minimize employee resistance to the change. The Communications & Change Management Consultant will work to drive faster adoption, greater ultimate utilization and higher proficiency on the changes impacting employees in the organization such that business results are achieved, as well as serving as a primary communication resource for assigned area of responsibility The Consultant will have to work though many others in the organization to succeed and act as a coach for the leadership team(s) charged with implementing new practices within the system. The Consultant will also support the sponsors and guide leaders through the change process. The Communications & Change Management Consultant will also support project teams in integrating change management activities into their project plans. PATIENT AGE GROUP(S) AND POPULATION(S) SERVED Refer to departmental "Scope of Service" and "Provision of Care" plans, as applicable, for description of primary age groups and populations served by this job for the respective HM entity. HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS oProvide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values: INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do. COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs. ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions. RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value. EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate. oFocuses on patient/customer safety oDelivers personalized service using HM Service Standards oProvides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words) oIntentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met oInvolves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Job responsibilities labeled EF capture those duties that are essential functions of the job. PEOPLE - 30 % 1.Develops a communications and change management strategy based on a situational awareness of the details of the change and the impacted groups; partners with leadership to coordinate communications plans that are targeted to designated audiences. (EF) 2.Is an active and visible coach to executive leaders who are change sponsors. (EF) 3.Identifies resistance and performance gaps, and works with leaders to develop and implement corrective actions; designs specific interventions/solutions to move employees through the commitment curve based on situational awareness of the change and the stakeholders being impacted. (EF) SERVICE - 35 % 1.Develops and collaborates on a set of actionable and targeted change management plans ¿ including communication plan, sponsor roadmap, coaching plan, training plan and resistance management plan; supports the execution of the plans by employee-facing managers and business leaders. (EF) 2.Works with project teams to integrate change management activities into the overall project plan. (EF) 3.Develops and/or collaborates on training strategies to address operational policy and workflows as well as application changes. 4.Conducts readiness assessments, evaluates results and presents findings in a logical and easy-to-understand manner. (EF) 5.Maintains and updates the SharePoint and Intranet communication portals including design and contents. 6.Create and enable reinforcement mechanisms and celebrations of success. QUALITY/SAFETY - 25 % 1.Applies the organizational endorsed structured change management approach and methodology for the people side change caused by projects and change efforts. (EF) 2.Identifies potential people-side risks and anticipated points of resistance, and develops specific plans to mitigate or address the concerns. (EF) 3.Create and manage systems to calculate the measures of success of communication and change management inititiaves. FINANCE - 5 % 1.Manages within budget, meets deadlines and participates in marketing and communications department planning and budgeting process. GROWTH/INNOVATION - 5 % 1.Proactively identifies and makes recommendations to leadership for communications. Partners with leadership across the health system to provide consistent communications on key IT initiatives impactful to their organizations. (EF) 2.Assists with, not only ongoing communications, but also details out communications plan in advance to ensure that the appropriate level of communication is consistent. 3.Keeps current on technology and communicaitons trends and innovative ways to reach people to deliver our messages This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS oBachelor¿s Degree required. Master¿s Degree preferred EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS o5 years progressive experience in change management and organizational development. o8 years experience in communications required. oHealthcare communications experience preferred; Epic experience preferred. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED oProsci Change Management Certification highly desired KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED oDemonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going skills, competency assessments, and performance evaluations. oSufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security. oAbility to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles. oExperience and knowledge of change management principles and methodologies. oStrong communication and organizational skills with ability to influence others within their sub-team in addition to the broader program team, while maintaining a strong focus on achieving results. oFamiliarity with project management approaches, tools and phases of the project lifecycle. oExceptional communication skills ¿ both written and verbal. oAble to work effectively at all levels in an organization. oExcellent active listening skills. oProblem solving and root cause identification skills. oStrong analytic and decision making abilities. oMust be a team player and able to work with and through others. oAbility to influence others and move toward a common vision or goal. oStrong interest in internal communications, excellent writing and creative skills, and the ability to tailor messages for a range of different staff audiences. SUPPLEMENTAL REQUIREMENTS Work AttireYes/No Uniform No ScrubsNo Business professionalYes Other (dept approved) No On-Call No (for Non-Exempt or Exempt jobs) Note that employees may be required to be on-call during emergencies (ie. Disaster, Severe Weather Event, etc) regardless of selection above. Travel May require travel within Yes Houston Metropolitan area May require travel outside No of Houston Metropolitan area Travel specifications may vary by department.