Business Operations Analyst Job Summary At eHealth we are passionate about helping our customers navigate through the complex world of health insurance. By understanding our customer’s needs, we can help them find the right plan for them. We are looking for a talented analyst to join our customer analytics team who loves working with data - parsing, analyzing, investigating, interpreting, modeling, and extracting knowledge from large volumes of data to drive informed decision-making across the company. You will be asking questions and driving insight across the entire organization, and solving problems that range from customer acquisition to marketplace efficiency to product analysis. The team leads ambitious projects, interacts regularly with our executive, product, engineering, operations, and marketing teams, and develops key strategic frameworks and models for all business areas. If you want to make a difference in people’s lives, grow your technical skill-set, and gain valuable strategic leadership experience in a cross-functional team environment, we would love to meet you. There are some important things we need you to have to be successful in this role: 2+ years of experience in a data analytics role or equivalent (consulting, business strategy/operations, marketing, finance, engineering) B.S. in economics, applied math, statistics, engineering or other quantitative field or demonstrated analytical experience Expert SQL skills. Your ability to tap into our data pipeline will be key to your success Facility with Excel, R, SAS, or other common reporting and analysis toolkits Strong oral and written communication skills; extremely attentive to detail Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment Additional interests, skills, or experience we are looking for: Interest in training and educating co-workers on SQL, data visualization tools, and contribute to eHealth’s data-informed culture Statistical programming experience (Pandas, SciPy, Scikit-learn) Experience in practical business modeling or financial modeling Ability to present to executives and communicate with technical teams Experience working in highly regulated industries like Healthcare / Insurance. On a typical day, you might: Tackle customer and market segmentation via clustering to establish optimal marketing, sales, and retention strategies. Provide actionable reporting, analysis, and core metric dashboarding that helps business teams discover insights and increase understanding Develop, implement, run statistical analysis, and report on A/B tests that are run by different teams (e.g. Sales, Product, Platform). Partner with business general managers to define business performance goals and strategies to achieve and measure success Leverage data to understand our products in depth, identify areas of opportunity, and support projects to drive growth and engagement The Company An industry innovator over the past decade, eHealth, Inc. is a technology company that is transforming the way health insurance is bought and sold in the United States. Today, eHealthInsurance.com has enrolled over 5 million people in health insurance coverage and is the leading online marketplace for individually and family health insurance products in the nation. Licensed to market and sell health insurance in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, eHealthInsurance was responsible for the nation's first Internet-based sale of a health insurance policy, and we have partnerships with more than 180 health insurance companies, and offer more than 10,000 health insurance products online. Every day we provide thousands of visitors with information about a broad array of health insurance-related topics and plans, including a selection of price and benefit options, complemented by a full-service Customer Care Center of highly trained customer service representatives. eHealth is a publicly-traded company (Nasdaq:EHTH) with headquarters in Mountain View, CA, but this position will be based in San Francisco. Our San Francisco office is directly across from AT &T ballpark.