Analysis – Understanding the Issues and the Customer: The Sr Analyst will have primary responsibility for and established expertise in tracking and analyzing emerging threats domestically and internationally, contextualizing those threats specific to company assets and personnel, and informing company stakeholders. The scope of responsibility will include geopolitical and reputational risk, terrorism, social and political activism, crime and fraud, political stability, economic uncertainty, cultural and societal trends and risks, cyber threats, and kidnapping. Anticipate threats and scenarios, analyze information, and produce “consumer appropriate” written and verbal assessments, oral briefings, and warning forecasts for Disney Global Security management, corporate leaders across all business segments, and other TWDC intelligence consumers. Remain abreast of threat developments worldwide, on a daily basis, and use that knowledge to proactively identify areas of concern and risk to TWDC. Recommend forward-thinking, time-sensitive strategies to mitigate potential security risks and developing threats across the worldwide enterprise before they become breaking news in the media, giving executives advance warning to facilitate proactive decision-making. Responsible for regular written and oral briefings and presentations for partners and stakeholders up to the senior executive level. Work with internal and external corporate and government partners on information collection, analysis, and best practice benchmarking. Likely to serve as a subject matter expert for the Latin American region, to include international terrorism, geopolitical risks, economic developments in the entertainment sector, international cybercrime, and the cyber-security environment for business operations in the region. Writing and Presentations – Communicating Effectively and Thinking Creatively: Independently prepare and brief our key security partners, executives, and senior executives directly via formal and informal written products, verbal briefings, and formal presentations to senior members of the TWDC business lines and external partners. Responsible for independently assessing, predicting, and proactively identifying threats and risks to the Company, its employees, guests, travelers, and facilities. Produce comprehensive intelligence assessments and updates on rapidly developing situations. Manage information updates and insights from a network of professional contacts on issues that may affect the security of TWDC interests. Think critically and write quickly, concisely, and persuasively. Possess strong oral communication and presentation skills, with extensive experience briefing senior decision makers. Comfortable interacting directly with TWDC executives and presenting to large audiences. Partnering – Building Strategic Partnerships: Build direct, productive, and trusted partnerships with colleagues in TWDC Global Security, TWDC Corporate level partners, the TWDC Lines of Business, TWDC Regional Security Directors, key USG and foreign government representatives, and external industry peers to add value to the overall mission. Identify and participate in relevant industry and government associations related to primary areas of responsibility. Identify, develop, manage, and productively utilize external networks to enhance the Global Intelligence mission and to gain access to critical intelligence insights. Serve as a Subject Matter Expert on issues such as counter-terrorism, social media platforms, cyber security, international affairs, crime/fraud, or public health. Substantial analytic experience, working independently and thinking critically. Strong oral and written communications skills and extensive experience briefing senior decision-makers. Extensive international experience and appreciation for cultural differences. Demonstrated ability to build partnerships, networks, and sustainable working relationships with direct peers and key internal and external business partners. 5-7 years’ analytical experience in government, law enforcement, military, or private sector threat analysis. Expert in one or more of the following: regional geopolitics; international terrorist threats; transnational crime; maritime security; supply chain security; information protection; or open source analysis. Must currently possess, or have previously possessed, or be eligible to attain - a US Government-sponsored security clearance at the SECRET level. Existing network of government and business contacts in the security field. Functional language skills, preferably in languages widely spoken in the Latin American region Expertise in the Latin American region Currently possess, have previously possessed, or be eligible to attain - a US Government sponsored security clearance at the TOP SECRET level. Master’s degree Master’s Degree in International Relations, Political Science, Global Security Studies, National Security, or Regional/Cultural/ Area Studies Career Analyst Program or Intelligence Training At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. The position of Sr Analyst, Global Intelligence within Global Security must support a diverse group of customers within the Walt Disney Company for threat assessment and intelligence purposes with the goal of helping business leaders make informed decisions and ensure the safety of employees, facilities, guests, and the Disney brand. The Sr Analyst must be willing to respond 24/7 to support requirements ranging from ABC News reporters heading into war zones to maritime and country evaluations for Disney Cruise Lines and Adventures By Disney. The Sr Analyst must quickly learn the global risk environment and understand threats to theatrical, studio, and stores. The Sr Analyst will be required to prepare strategic assessments for Senior Executives putting in context the full range of risks associated with business development decisions. The Sr Analyst must be capable of working independently, but also within a team environment with defined, yet highly flexible, requirements often dictated by changing customer needs. As a result, the ideal candidate for this position must be prepared to respond to time-sensitive requirements and to remain flexible with continuously evolving business segment intelligence requirements. The ideal candidate must be able to work and complete assignments independently, think critically, write objectively, and have a proven track record of producing concise and influential intelligence products presented effectively with full confidence in the assessments provided or recommendations put forward to senior decision- makers. 564648