Overview Digital Experience Architect Prolifics is seeking an experienced hands-on Java & Angular architect to join our Digital Experience team. The ideal candidate; ‘can speak to executives about ROI, talk to an IT Director about real world APM, and roll-up the sleeves to code a reference implementation for developers.’ Successful candidates will be responsible for driving certain overall technology direction within the organization, assessing, and leading initiatives with clients and the consulting practice. The candidate will be working with clients to create meaningful solutions and drive additional success with our award-winning solutions. Key Responsibilities Conduct initial client and sales team discussions to uncover customer needs and recommend strategic solutions or next steps. Support sales initiatives by conducting discovery workshops, high level solution design, proposal development, and RFP responses. Hands on lead who can mentor and direct project teams in implementing the chosen technologies. Develop whitepapers, blogs and webinars in key technologies; such as cloud native development, microservices, API design, Single Page Applications, etc. Formulate and develop proof-of-concepts, demos, and other technical assets. Assist with project and delivery oversight by conducting code reviews, assessing methodology, and conducting quality verification tasks. Participate in design thinking workshops as an architect and technical advisor. Develop work plans, schedules, estimates, resource plans, for a solution or project phase. Advise internal and external customers on key technologies; such as cloud architecture, microservices, digital experience, and more. Must be able to work in a proactive and self-directed manner when needed to determine procedures and process on new assignments. Skills/Qualifications Candidates should have significant experience in software development using Java/JEE. Experience in solution design and application design and have held similar responsibilities in the past. Must have experience in Angular or ReactJS and have a track record of successful SPA applications. Practical experience with toolchains and continuous integration. Strong knowledge or certification in Agile methodologies. Able to design and code applications, hands-on using Java and Angular as well as other technologies that facilitate cloud native development. Research and evaluate new technologies and industry trends in order to make recommendations and set direction. Have an understanding of user experience design principles, process, techniques used in the industry. Work across the solution lifecycle from concept to go-live and beyond to ensure quality, fit to purpose, and quality. Assist in developing and implementing testing plans. Assist the project management office in planning and measuring activities. Mentor junior team members and ensure software developed adheres to best practices and quality standards through code and design reviews. Willing to serve as a lead developer or team lead when required. Independently interface with client technical teams and business owners as needed during the design and implementation