Atlassian is looking for a Cloud Solutions Architect that lives and breathes infrastructure as code. You will be the voice of the customer for our internal teams to improve our product deployment capabilities. You will design, build, test and document infrastructure code to deploy the Atlassian server and data center products in: AWS, Azure and GCP. Additionally, you will architect deployment solutions utilizing the latest and greatest services from the aforementioned cloud vendors. Lastly, you'll team with our customers solving deployment challenge. On your first day, we'll expect you to have... Lives and breathes Terraform; has an opinion on which is best: Ansible, Chef, Puppet or Salt. Automate in your configuration management language of choice, and willing to learn the right one. Build and deploy Docker containers on Kubernetes Relevant cloud certification(s) Strong understanding of modern software development tool chains Are comfortable with ambiguity and a proven track record delivering results without much oversight 8+ years as a cloud solutions architect or senior DevOps engineer It would be great if you also had some of the following... Deep knowledge of the Atlassian server and datacenter products Be a strategic thinker and able to prioritize the nice to haves from the must haves Experience delivering high SLAs for infrastructure operations. Monitoring, incident management. First-hand knowledge and understanding of solution partner business models and professional services Ability to communicate and work well with all levels within an organization from the CXO to the Jira administrator It's great, but not required, if you have: An interest in machine learning A love for Kanban and Trello Passion for data driven decisions and BI skills More about our team Field Services is a globally distributed team that unlocks business opportunities for the Atlassian ecosystem. At Atlassian, you'll have an immediate and direct impact on millions of users across our ecosystem. You won't get frustrated with bureaucracy or slow decision-making, because we support innovative thinking. We don't just want to know your opinions, we want to see your ideas in action. We hire great people and then trust them to be great. More about our benefits Our offices are open, highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year to support your favorite cause, plenty of food and beverages, ergonomic workstations with sit/stand desks, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years, generous employer-paid insurance coverage (medical, dental, and vision) for you and your family, 401k matching and more. More about Atlassian Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and now Stride. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _Atlassian, Inc., will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC_ _Art.49_ _._