Job Description This position offers an opportunity to work with a small group of highly skilled, motivated and passionate engineers to transform the way Thomson Reuters Data Centers deliver Big Data solutions and services to our business. We are seeking individuals that are equally skilled and passionate about learning new emerging technologies and using those technologies to help maximize value to our business partners. The ideal candidate will demonstrate both strong technical aptitude and real- life hands-on experience with Hadoop, and related Big Data technologies. In this role you will work closely with our Big Data technical and architecture team to deliver a Big Data roadmap of solutions and services. RESPONSIBILITIES _Technology Responsibilities_ As a member of the Big Data technical leadership team, deliver Hadoop services including HDFS, HBase, Hive, Spark and other emerging technologies to Thomson Reuters product teams Provide technical leadership to product development teams as they implement Hadoop workflows and applications, implementing best practices and optimizing performance Provide technical leadership to Hadoop administration/operation teams, identifying opportunities for efficiencies, reduce recurring incidents and improve service Lead analysis of new hardware and software design requirements and develop solutions and services to support them Manage Hadoop product lifecycles including leading evaluation and release of new Hadoop versions Research new Big Data technologies and assess maturity and alignment of the technology to business and technology strategy _Leadership and Communication_ Translate complex technical solutions/problems into clear language useful to audiences at varying technical levels Prepare and present high quality technical and non-technical documentation Communicate in a professional manner when interacting across staff levels and internal/external customers Evaluate and communicate risk as a top consideration for all solutions and changes being made on behalf customers Work with Big Data architects and senior leaders to provide guidance and prioritization of work within the team QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS B.S./B.A. Computer Science or related field; or equivalent level of experience 5+ years working in Information Technology including experience with UNIX operating systems and basic networking concepts 4+ years working with Hadoop clusters including hands-on experience working with HDFS, YARN, Spark, Hive, Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper, HBASE and Kerberos Previous software engineering and development experience preferred Strong passion for technology and a willingness to learn new skills Self-motivated and self-directed, ability to translate technical direction and apply to specific work responsibilities Ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Strong technical aptitude Strong analytical skills At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With more than 45,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit thomsonreuters.com/careers. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Locations Eagan-Minnesota-United States of America