This Business Analyst will be responsible for facilitating business change management by documenting requirements and process flow diagrams, in addition to other appropriate standard analysis artifacts. The selected candidate will be involved in program/project implementations, as well as some business-level configuration of the SAP Transportation Management software. The Business Analyst will support the Distribution Vertical, specifically the Traffic customers and stakeholders, throughout the project lifecycle to define a set of business requirements that will translate into solid business solutions and technology systems. The candidate will work closely with end users, business unit representatives, Information System resources and others in all stages of the project lifecycle including discovery, design, construction, transition, implementation, and support. Additionally, they may be asked to provide analysis, as well as leadership for small initiatives. The successful candidate will be responsible for working with the business management on the identification, prioritization and requirements of project backlog items. This individual should demonstrate the highest levels of customer service, communication, productivity and professionalism. In addition, the candidate will have the ability and aptitude for leadership, be self-motivated and possess strong analytical skills. Tasks and responsibilities Stakeholder and team interaction: Determines stakeholder influence and relationship needs Builds and manages stakeholder relationships including business partners, users, vendors, customers, project team members and management leaders Interacts with technical team(s) to help translate functional specifications into technology solutions Requirements management process: Develops business analysis artifacts (use cases, business models, etc.) to document “as-is” and “to-be” requirements and change management plans as they pertain to specific projects and/or functional area Identifies and communicates risks and issues that may require changes to plans or scope Prioritizes requirements effectively based on appropriately identified factors and in conjunction with business stakeholders Organizes and synthesizes large amounts of information provided by stakeholders Ensures that all requirements support the delivery of business value, fulfills goals and objectives and meet stakeholder needs Leads and participates in User Acceptance sessions for confirmation of requirements implementation prior to deployment. Manages requirements approval and design sign-off from the business Elicitation and communication: Ensures appropriate stakeholders are involved and obtain required information for capturing and validating requirements and other artifacts Effectively manages changes and conflicts during requirements gathering process Manages requirements traceability and future reuse Prepares artifacts in an understandable and presentable format Implementation and product support Possesses product knowledge and process improvement skills with a demonstrated ability to effectively provide solutions Has proven experience in evaluating a business need and facilitating decision making to gain consensus and approval for the solution; validates the solution meets business need Ability to assist the development team with the translation of business requirements into functional specifications Performs business level configuration of SAP TM software Assist in the training and support of the business post-implementation Assists in other areas of the department and company as necessary Required skills, abilities, and certifications 2+ years experience in Business and/or Functional analysis. Deep understanding of business requirements elicitation for programs and projects. Proficient in requirements elicitation, business modeling and project scoping. Experience implementing packaged Transportation Management software (SAP TM preferred). Experience working in Agile software delivery methodologies (ideally, in the Product Owner role) Expertise in utilizing standard documentation tools/utilities. Must possess excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to negotiate and effectively engage with individuals at all levels of the organization. Must possess demonstrated strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to work independently and manage multiple parallel work assignments. Must demonstrate a strong work ethic, attention to detail and excellent time-management skills. Must possess excellent analytical skills and ability to effectively troubleshoot and provide solutions. Must be available for evening, weekend and holiday work, as needed, and on-call support. Must be available to travel as needed in the US and CN, and participate in 24/7 rotational support. Recommended skills, abilities and certifications Business and/or IS experience in Distribution/Fulfillment/Traffic. Data query and analysis experience. Experience leading small initiatives. Apply: Use the link below to upload all required documents to: https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=COSTCO&cws=1&rid=2564 Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.