Please submit a cover letter with your application. Are you passionate about energy and want to join a team providing cutting edge intelligence to the energy market? Does your perfect day consist of not only analyzing complex information to find useful insights and connections but also helping our clients use it to make better decisions? Do you have the ability to integrate qualitative and quantitative analysis to “tell a story” that provides critical information that is useful to the company and its clients? Do you have a strong desire to learn new tools and techniques to solve business problems? PowerAdvocate is seeking an Energy Intelligence Analyst to join our growing company. If you have a 1-3 years’ experience (Oil & Gas sector a plus), and thrive in a dynamic environment where you work with clients to solve critical cost problems, we have the job for you. PowerAdvocate provides SaaS based technology products that are loaded with information from our $1.5 trillion Energy FactBase to help energy clients create operational and financial excellence. We help our clients understand how they can leverage our unique view of the marketplace to reduce costs and manage operational risk. We are rapidly becoming the standard for finance and supply chain executives on the cutting edge in the Power, Oil and Gas, and Renewable energy sectors. JOB TITLE: ENERGY INTELLIGENCE ANALYST/ASSOCIATE DEPARTMENT: Energy Intelligence Group LOCATION: Boston SUMMARY: The Energy Intelligence Analyst is a key member of the Energy Intelligence Group (EIG), which operates PowerAdvocate’s Cost Intelligence product. The EIG Analyst conducts research and delivers critical knowledge and independent analysis on all inputs to energy infrastructure. Such inputs include global prices for metals, labor trends, and localized commodity prices. Industry trends, geopolitics, and strategy are all considered. Additionally, the EIG Analyst is responsible for the data collection and aggregation, forecasting, analysis, and database maintenance which feeds into the cost modeling. Utilizing our products and services, the EIG Analyst helps decision makers anticipate the energy future and formulate timely, successful plans in the face of rapid changes and uncertainty. Job Responsibilities: In addition to the following, other duties may be assigned to meet business needs. Serve as primary point of contact for EIG clients as an expert on PowerAdvocate products and the energy industry. Support the sales process including development of a compelling value proposition, solution development, proposal development and product demonstrations. Work closely with PowerAdvocate’s proprietary supply market platform and with other experts to develop price forecasts and make market analysis recommendations to our clients. Conduct primary research for published analyses using industry sources, including competitive assessment and third-party data analysis. Create reports with both conceptual analysis and quantitative findings to show market trends to our clients. Assume responsibility for functional area expertise in spend categories that are critical to our clients’ decision making. Perform data extraction, manipulation, cleaning, analysis and audit of large datasets, relying on well-structured procedures and maintaining reproducibility of results. The EIG Analyst contributes as part of an Agile Scrum team, in a fast-paced environment with high visibility to the rest of the company. Job Qualifications: • 1-3 years’ experience in the energy sector; Oil & Gas a plus Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and time management skills with attention to detail Ability to learn quickly and adapt based on the needs of clients and PowerAdvocate Enjoys organizing large data sets, identifying discrepancies, and making appropriate adjustments Experience with programming, data proofing, mining, and cleaning. Working knowledge of SQL, R, Python a plus Strong interpersonal skills with success in a team environment Excellent communication skills, both oral and written Experience in a client-facing role a plus Applicable Bachelor or Master’s degree in Engineering or Economics; quantitative, statistical and/or economics focus a significant plus _Relocation available for the right candidate!_