Join the excitement of Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud at Microsoft! We are looking to hire a program manager who has a passion for delivering customer-centric solutions on top of our platform. If you are excited about developing applications brining your hands-on data and app development experience, then this role is the one you’ve been waiting for. You will own solution management e2e by leveraging the capabilities built into the product. We are looking for candidates that will bring a new perspective to our diverse and multi-faceted team, a commitment to continuous growth and learning, and the ability to persevere in the face of challenges. Be ready to think deeply, work hard, and have fun solving tough problems at the center of Microsoft Cloud & AI, Machine Learning Services Team. We are seeking a hands-on technical PM with solid database and app development experience. We encourage a collaborative environment that celebrates team success. Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, previous work histories, and life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. Our diversity of background and experience enables us to be better at building the best solutions for our customers. We believe in sane work hours, using our vacation time and we offer paid parental leave. In addition, we are passionate about learning on the job, and we have several hackathon weeks a year to ensure we have an opportunity to go beyond the planned and prioritized work and allow everyone to drive innovation. Responsibilities Collaborate with key stakeholders that provide the infrastructure to validate, test the solutions. Work on managing/creating new products on our platform. Partnering closely with customers, defining e2e user stories and partnering with engineers for building solutions at scale. You will manage key metrics such as adoption, usage and growth. Qualifications Required : 3+ years of software development and/or program management experience shipping software/services Programming experience in language such as SQL, Python, JavaScript , Java, R or C 1 + year using reporting or visualization tools such as Power BI A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience Preferred : Good communication and collaboration skills. Experience with cross group project coordination Solid problem-solving skills dealing with ambiguity and making tradeoff’s Experience writing code that ships part of samples or solutions that are customer facing Experience and technical knowledge of database systems such as SQL Server (or equivalent) and Big Data. 1+ years of experience building AI/ML related products or solutions Familiarity with frontend Frameworks is a plus Expertise on data analytics or cloud computing Background or knowledge in distributed systems, database systems and storage are a strong plus Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. xCloudAIx