Job Summary: The head of Customer Service Operations will lead a multi-language and multi- regional team to delight iHerb’s Customers around the world. We are building a team that champions the Customer across the company and delivers the best-in- class Customer experience. We are looking for a 24/7 operational leader that is a data driven problem solver to continuously improve the end Customer experience. Job Expectations: Lead and develop a 24/7 Customer Service team interacting with Customers across multiple languages and time zones in the world. Establish and drive success in Customer satisfaction metrics; including quantitative metrics such as ticket response time, ticket resolution combined with qualitative metrics such CSAT surveys, service quality assessments. Lead the identification and execution of continuous improvement programs within these areas of Customer Service operations; through team guiding principles, policy, standard operating processes, operating toolsets, and best practices. Own the review, analysis, and presentation of regular summary of KPIs to executive teams. Lead the closed loop process across the organization; driving systematic issue identification and change management to improve iHerb’s Customer experience; working in collaboration with Global Logistics, Marketing, Web/App Content, and IT. Lead the continuous improvement of Customer Service competencies and capabilities through training of direct teams as well as our 3rd party service providers. Work with Customer Service Tech lead and IT teams to identify, assess, and drive Customer Service improvements through technology; including CS toolset automation, machine learning natural language driven CS chat platforms, and Customer self-service capabilities. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Required: 10+ of experience leading Customer Service team in the US and/or international markets. Previous experience in managing Contact Center Operations (Customer Service, Sales, or Returns/Collections) Strong analytical capabilities and proficiency with excel. Strong external communication and interpersonal skills to Customers and to public channels including social. Strong internal communication skills to executive team. Preferred Certification and/or strong expertise in Lean concepts, Six Sigma. Equipment Knowledge: Experience with Microsoft office, call center systems, etc. Experience creating spreadsheets in Excel Experience with Zen Desk a plus Experience Requirements: Generally requires a minimum of 5-10+ years direct line-management experience in a multi-medium (email, chat, phone, etc.) customer services environment; e-Commerce experience strongly preferred. 5+ years’ experience managing customer service for both U.S. and international customers. 5+ years’ experience managing a large customer service staff both locally and remotely. 3+ years’ experience in workforce management staffing analysis, planning, metrics, etc. Experienced[JR1] and comfortable providing daily/weekly/monthly reporting on contacts, abandon-rates, AHT, etc. for operational planning, executive review, and to assist with improving the customer experience to eliminate the need for contacts scaling with sales. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Education Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Business or related field preferred or a combination of education and equivalent work experience. Please Note: At this time we are not offering any employer-sponsored work authorization. iHerb Inc.is a leading online retailer of nutritional supplement and wellness products (vitamins, minerals, herbs, botanicals, bath and beauty, pet care, sports nutrition and children's health). Via its e-Commerce website, iHerb.com delivers 35,000 products from over 1,500 brands direct to the customer in more than 180 countries. iHerb carries trusted brands customers love around the world. iHerb's growth has been recognized by Internet Retailer as a top 500 e-Commerce provider in North America and recently as a top 300 mobile commerce business in the world. In 2013 Google bestowed iHerb with its Google Trusted Store designation having shipped over 1,000,000 orders to customers in the US market with a 98% on-time shipping and a 99.9% issue free orders.