Overview The Director of First Impressions/Office Administrator is responsible for providing an exceptional experience as the first person to interact with clients and vendors both face-to-face and over the telephone. Provides the highest level of customer service by greeting guests, clients and associates in a professional, warm and sincere manner. Oversees the front desk, performs office assistant/administrator functions, manages internal meeting spaces and ensure general office organization. Responsibilities Provides best in class service to external clients, business partners, and vendors in person, over the telephone and by email correspondence. Professionally interacts with clients, visitors, vendors and all departments/divisions within the company. Answers the phone in a timely manner, screens and directs incoming phone calls to the appropriate person. Receives mail and packages daily. Signs for and records packages. Promptly sorts and processes all incoming U.S. mail and interoffice mail. Distributes mail and packages to all appropriate persons and/or departments/divisions. Manages all outgoing mail and outgoing courier service needs for associates and departments/divisions. Monitors supplies for the postage machine and ensures funds are added timely. Performs a broad variety of administrative duties, including preparing and formatting reports, electronic filing, updating and circulating various company listings via e-mail, scheduling and managing monthly employee birthday luncheons. Responsible for maintaining, placing all service calls, and tracking all copy/scanning/fax machines in the office. Organizes and maintains the appearance of the internal meeting spaces/conference rooms and general office area. Maintains conference room calendars; assist with scheduling/coordinating appointments, events and meetings. Oversees and coordinates arrangements for in-house meetings for clients, business partners and employees, including ordering food and beverages. Assist with setting up AV equipment and conference calls, contacting IT department as necessary. Communicates directly with building owner/landlord on matters relating to office temperature, cleaning services, maintenance, and communicating and arranging repairs. Assists with preparation for new hires, coordinating equipment, setting up workstation or office, distributing keys and key fob, providing information on office security, scheduling training on copy/scanning/fax machines and interacting with Human Resources for service request forms. Maintains the supply closet and kitchen area, ordering general office materials and supplies and kitchen supplies. Places special orders at the request of supervisor or other management staff in the main office when needed. Ensures that kitchen is stocked and restocked on a daily basis with adequate inventory of k-cups, hot and cold cups, lids, paper towels, utensils, dish soap, hand soap, etc. Confirms sufficient resources are provided at common office stations and equipment (copy/fax paper, pen/pencils, staples, etc.). Update necessary forms to administer reception, conference rooms, and kitchen areas: conference schedule, telephone extension list, and field staff mailing. Assists with document storage including the coordination of retrieval, archive documents and record keeping. Order and submit business card reque Establishes and maintains working relationships with all members of the Suffolk team. Performs other office related duties as assigned or directed. Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent required, College graduate preferred. Strong work tenure of 3 to 5+ years of directly related experience in administrative/receptionist role. Social media experience a plus. Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills with the ability to build relationships with staff, external partners, clients and executives. Strong organizational skills reflecting the ability to perform and prioritize multiple tasks with high quality and excellent attention to detail and to be adaptable to various competing demands. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proven ability to handle confidential information with discretion. Outstanding team player willing to help out at a moment’s notice. Proficiency in using Microsoft Office products, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook; database management, internet search engines and social media sites. Necessary Attributes: Candidate must possess Suffolk's Core Values: Passion, Integrity, Hard Work, Professionalism & Caring. Detail oriented Positive attitude Professional and courteous Dedicated and hard working Outstanding team player with good interpersonal skills Ability to work in a fast paced environment Working Conditions While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for long periods of time; talk or hear; perform fine motor, hand and finger skills in the use of a keyboard, telephone, or writing. The employee is frequently required to stands; walk; and reach with arms and/or hands. Specific vision abilities include close vision, distance vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. The employee will spend their time in an office environment with a quiet to moderate noise level. Job site walking.