Geoscience Students Seeking Full-Time or Intern Opportunities Location: Spring, TX, US Company: ExxonMobil Primary Job Function ExxonMobil is interested in finding outstanding scientists who have a strong fundamental background in the earth sciences, physical sciences, and mathematics. We have excellent proprietary capabilities in teaching petroleum science and technology, and therefore do not require new geoscientists to have any prior petroleum course work or experience. ExxonMobil geoscientists are deployed across the Upstream to support the Corporation's goal of finding, developing and producing hydrocarbon resources and reserves. A geoscientist at ExxonMobil can expect to solve geologic problems in numerous basins, in various work settings, and in all the different business stages from exploration to development through production. In addition, we have roles for geoscientists specializing in different technical areas, including seismic data acquisition and processing, formation evaluation, etc. Job Role Responsibilities Geoscientists with ExxonMobil are expected to develop a broad range of fundamental geoscience skills and the ability to comprehend, integrate knowledge, ideas and skills to solve geologic problems across exploration, development and production functions. They typically have the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills and expertise throughout their careers. Assignments will provide the opportunity to acquire these fundamental skills through on-the-job experience and training. Over the span of a career, assignments could include time in our various Upstream companies: Exploration Company Assignments are at the basin to play to prospect scale and focus on finding and assessing new hydrocarbon discoveries. Regional teams integrate data on play to basin scales to identify areas for future exploration or to better define an existing exploration trend. New opportunity teams typically work in unexplored and under-explored areas, leveraging new concessions or discoveries that help confirm prospectivity and provide the opportunity to capture and mature blocks and prospects. Operation teams drill wildcat wells to test prospect viability and commerciality. Development Company Assignments are at field scale, working on discovered undeveloped assets. Geoscientists in these roles deliver accurate subsurface descriptions and communicate key risks and uncertainties in support of development planning, facilities design, construction, commissioning, and startup of the major Upstream capital projects. Development drillwell planning, detailed reservoir characterization and integration with engineering studies are key activities at this business stage. Production Company Assignments are done at the reservoir to field scale and focus on defining, developing and depleting new or mature existing fields. A strong emphasis in these assignments will be to build skills in integrating and interpreting geological, geophysical and engineering data These data types include; core, fluids, well logs, well tests, outcrops, and seismic, using advanced mapping, interpretation, modeling and other techniques, working closely with engineering counterparts to optimize business results. Upstream Research Company Assignments offer the opportunity to perform basic and applied research in seeking new ways to find and recover hydrocarbons. Our research programs reflect exploration, development, and production business strategies; for example, pursuing attractive exploration opportunities, developing production from new fields, and maximizing economic recovery from existing fields. The approach is to align with upstream priorities and key geoscience and engineering technology issues; focus on timely and effective development and delivery of proprietary high-impact technologies; provide expert consulting, unique laboratory capability and technical training. Preferred Skills and Experience Ability to integrate knowledge, varied data sets, analogs and ideas to solve geological problems to support the business. Provide sound judgment, timeliness and aptitude in application of geoscience tools and techniques; and, desire to maintain competitive advantage through advanced training and superior technological understanding. Job Requirements Candidates should have a BS, MA/MS and/or PhD in Geology or Geophysics (or related fields). Candidates should have a strong fundamental background in the earth sciences, physical sciences, and mathematics. Demonstrated leadership, adaptability, teamwork, excellent communication skills in English, and a commitment to high safety and ethical standards. In addition, candidates should be able to work effectively within and across diverse team environments. Alternate Location: United States : Houston, Texas EX:OUT ExxonMobil is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. Nearest Major Market: Houston Job Segment: Engineer, Geology, Consulting, Engineering, Technology, Research