Résumé du poste Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. Owned by Samsung Electronics Corporation Ltd., SAS is the only semiconductor manufacturing plant located outside of Korea. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, personal computers, mobile phones, workstations and servers. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology, enabling the world's digital devices to operate at the highest performance. The Manufacturing Systems Integration team is focused on improving factory throughput limiters and metro sampling, and perform general troubleshooting tasks related to those systems. As part of the Manufacturing Systems Integration team, you will provide support in working closely on cross functional teams to find and troubleshoot hidden losses, test/monitor/troubleshoot system change points, reduce queue time violations, troubleshoot metrology skip rates, and troubleshoot issues. SAS is focusing on to be World Best Foundry product supplier. Rôle et Responsabilités Identifies factory movement limiters through reports and teamwork/communications. Investigates idle time frequency and occurrences on factory movement limiters and look for opportunities to reduce idle time. Monitors equipment delays for factory movement limiters, alert manufacturing and help troubleshoot delays. Monitors ports out of full auto for factory movement limiters, alert CAPA team and help schedule downtime as needed. Monitors Job Exception rate for factory limiters, alert manufacturing and help remove exceptions. Monitors factory system change points (MSS, system changes). Requests System Enhancements through proper SCCB documentation. Conducts analysis and follows SOPs to troubleshoot and anticipate future issues. Improve or Create SOPs and Job Aids to improve analysis of all production employees. Submit tickets when issues are found and follows up on the ticket status. Find commonalities from above monitoring and escalations and then work with MSI members to propose system solutions as VOC, this is where the long term benefits are achieved. Completes system tech passdown. Serves as POC as needed. Investigates Queue time and dispatching issues. Troubleshoot and find root cause of Skip Rule or Metro Increase. Improve metrology skip rates through GPM requests or requests to metro engineering. Compétences et Qualifications Associate of Science degree preferred but not required. Prior manufacturing experience preferred. Knowledge of Fab systems (Workplace, DSS, RTPMS, GPM, Peals, Simax OI, TPSS, MARS Prime, Spotfire). Knowledge of Line Metrics –Rundown, TAT, Queue Times, Skip Rates. Good communication skills with internal and external customers. Excellent organizational skills, ability to assess situations and set priorities. Familiar with Microsoft Excel, Power Point, and SharePoint. Strong problem solving ability. Knowledgeable on Theory of Constraints, Lean Manufacturing, and basic Fab operations. preferred 3-5 years’ experience with Automated Manufacturing or Semiconductor FAB. Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html