Every second a plane takes off with UTC Aerospace Systems equipment onboard. From space exploration and defense to today's more electric, more intelligent, more integrated aircraft- our systems make modern flight possible. And by "make it possible," we mean: we start it, power it, control it, ventilate it, quiet it, land it, stop it and monitor it. We have more than 41,000 employees across 26 countries working at the forefront of technological innovation. Thanks to their efforts, our global reach and our market-leading position, we do big things no one else can do. You could be a great fit for our Quality organization if: You take immense satisfaction and pride in the quality of your work. You’re the first to point out opportunities for continuous improvement (even outside of work…not at all to the annoyance of your friends and family). You understand the absolute importance of adhering to compliance…all while making your customers (and boss!) super proud by achieving a zero-defect quality delivery plan. OK. We got it. You live and breathe Quality. So do we! For us at UTC Aerospace Systems, quality is personal. People’s lives and safety depend on the quality of our products. From the child flying for the first time, to the men and women who save lives, to the astronaut exploring outer space – what we do matters, every day. If you checked the boxes above, we invite you to join the Quality organization as we work to be the best aerospace company for the world by delighting our customers with 100 percent on-time delivery and zero defect parts. Primary Responsibilities: Execute organizational plans and lead the quality improvement activities in targeted areas of the organization in support of Leadership. Provide quality assurance support to customers, suppliers, partners and targeted departments of the organization. Executes the Quality Assurance strategy of the organization to ensure continuous production of products consistent with established industry standards, government regulations and customer requirements. Provide Quality interface and expertise between the organization and its customers to proactively assure that their needs and expectations are understood and satisfied. This includes contract review/flow-down, the complaint management process, and the implementation of the corresponding corrective / preventive actions. Provide support to the Supply Chain Management organization relative to the collection and analysis of Supplier Quality data as well as provide Quality interface, expertise and support to the Plant's/SBU's suppliers and partners. This includes the preparation of reports of supplier performance used to give feedback to suppliers and to the organization. Provide expertise in Quality Assurance and process improvement tools and methods to targeted functions of the organization to support them in their continuous improvement activities. Execute the initiatives of the organization in the development, implementation and improvement of the appropriate Quality Management Systems throughout the operation, with all the documentation required. This includes providing advanced quality planning support in the development and launch of new products, processes and services. Participate in the internal Quality System Audit program for the organization. Develop, implement and audit of inspection and test plans, standards and acceptance criteria, and procedures / work instructions. Facilitate the Investigation and elimination of causes of quality problems and follow up on corrective actions. Develop and analyze statistical data and product / process performance to recommend and implement improvements in targeted areas of the organization. Provide support in the way of development and evaluation of process capability, process control plans, analysis of out-of-control conditions and process audits with the objective of improving process performance and capability. Participate in all aspects of product development and launch activities throughout the organization. Efforts should primarily be targeted at the identification of customer expectations, manufacturing and test support, reliability analysis, design reviews, evaluation of test programs, material testing and inspection and management of quality costs. Qualification: Preferred Qualifications: Basic understanding of problem solving methods (i.e. 8D, root cause analysis, Apollo etc.) and the associated statistical tools used to analyze problems. Understands basic aspects of managing and assuring supplier quality to achieve best-in-class supplier quality, delivery and service. Some knowledge of the key phases and requirements of an effective new product development and launch system (i.e. APQP, Stride, etc.) and has basic knowledge of the associated tools such as PFMEA, Control Plans, Characteristic Matrix, Gage Capability, Process Capability, Process Flow, Preventive Maintenance, Machine Runoff, etc. Basic understanding of the standards, implementation and certification process of Quality Management Systems such as AS/EN9100, ISO-9001, or any other industry-specific standard or regulation. Basic understanding of the requirements of customer-specific Quality System certification programs Basic knowledge of the tools and techniques of Lean Manufacturing such as Value Stream Mapping, 5S - Workplace Organization, Continuous Flow Manufacturing, Set-up Reduction, Total Productive Maintenance, Mistake Proofing, etc. Basic Understanding the concept of Cost of Quality and specifically of the Cost of Non-Conformance. Uses Cost of Quality report to identify opportunities for improvement and waste reduction. Ability to solve problems of limited scope and complexity Education: Achieved a 4 year Bachelors Degree in appropriate discipline (engineering, science, technology, quality). Nothing matters more to UTC Aerospace Systems than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. UTAS4220182 United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.