WE ARE A TRANSFORMATIONAL PARTNER We marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. We partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. Our Studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. And to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with. We are looking for an exceptional Senior Visual Designer to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Duties and expectations Designs for a variety of platforms, which may include Internet and intranet sites, mobile apps, etc. Create the concepts, artwork and layouts for digital projects based on creative briefs and client meetings. We are looking for candidates that have both B‑to‑B and B‑to‑C experience. More details about specific tasks: Establish the look and feel for various interfaces, including websites, mobile devices, apps, kiosks, etc Work within brand guidelines to create layouts that reinforce a brand’s style or voice through its visual touchpoints Design user-centered interaction models, mood boards or screen mockups Design logos, icons and infographics (if needed, not core) Closely collaborate with IT and business teams to solve complex issues, like interaction models and data visualization Have basic coding knowledge so they can work hand-in-hand with coders Create and organize production assets Resize assets for different devices — tablet, mobile and web Source images (stock photos and video footage) Work with a component library Work on email marketing items, presentation materials and interactive event materials Juggle multiple projects while effectively managing timelines and expectations Skills needed A solid foundation in typography, layout and design Strong problem-solving skills Experience with transitions, animation, motion design and dynamic interaction Excellent visual, written and verbal communication skills, along with presentation and negotiation skills A penchant for details and organization, including the ability to prioritize tasks, communicate progress and meet deadlines The ability to effectively take direction and work both collaboratively and autonomously We are a thriving Community of top technology talent that is globally connected. We Engage, Make, Run and Evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. So let’s take this journey together. No matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it. Softvision LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No 3rd Party Agency Candidates.