zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. zulily delivers something special to moms every day. We are building a brand with amazing customer experience. We are not just any e-commerce website – our unique business model requires a world-class supply chain to delight our customers. As a software developer at zulily, you will be implementing high-performance systems to support our fulfillment center (FC) operations. zulily is part of the Qurate network, which means that you will be building fulfillment solutions for the third-largest e-commerce company in the world. CI/CD, microservices, minimum viable product, and DevOps are not just buzzwords for us; they’ve been part of our DNA from the beginning and we leverage these ideas at scale. QUALIFICATIONS Technical: Have at least 5 years of software development experience Have strong experience with highly scalable / available service-oriented architectures Have expertise in at least one object-oriented language such as Java, C++, or C Be familiar with relational databases, such as MariaDB/MySQL or SqlServer Preferably have some knowledge of cloud computing. Experience with Docker or AWS related technologies is a plus Preferably be familiar or be interested in front end technologies like React, Node.js, or AngularJS, and other technologies like Redis, ActiveMQ and Elastic Search Have a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. A combination of education plus equivalent work experience may be considered Personal: At zulily, Supply Chain Systems pride ourselves on customer focus, agility and speed of delivery. We take the zulily values to heart: We Work for Mom, Make the Impossible Happen, Embrace Change, Color Outside the Lines, Take Ownership, and Win as a Team. We are looking for these important things in our software developers: Team-oriented and Strong Communication - You will be working side-by-side with other developers, discussing designs and approach. You will be mentoring and influencing other developers within the team. Self-Managing – zulily trusts its engineers to do the right thing without burdensome process overhead, so we expect you to care about the work you’re doing, own both successes and failures, and drive solutions in a fast-paced environment. Passion about Development and Operations - We're passionate about doing really good work, and we constantly work to improve and refine our practices. We have a tight relationship with our internal customers; we know their pain points intimately and develop solutions to improve the operation. We do not use the term “the business” to describe our internal customers; we are _all_ the business. Agility - Be able to adapt to change and moving priorities. Curiosity - Be able to explore new ideas and have a passion to make them happen. Limited travel is expected as you go to our FC's to learn their process and to deploy systems (~2 weeks every year). zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.