Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Leverage strong leadership and program management skills to set the vision and grow the training team. Work with subject matter experts, technical writers, and outside resources to organize and develop training materials and certification exams. Deliver scalable web-based methods, instructor-led sessions, coordination of vendor-provided training. Act as the lead administrator for the Learning Management System (LMS) and own the team’s relationship with Corporate Engineering and Vendor. Collect and analyze data to measure training quality and effectiveness. Develop detailed reports and communicate with all levels of the organization, to include senior executives Coordinate the administration of the global training schedule with other key business functions including operations, maintenance, engineering and construction and drive the development, implementation and continuous improvement of a scalable global training strategy and roadmap. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BS degree in a technical discipline or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of technical training content and curriculum development and hands-on certification program management in the software or internet industry. Experience with Learning Management Systems (LMS). Preferred qualifications: Experience growing and managing teams. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively with multiple audiences and levels, both internally and externally. Experience ensuring regional and cultural challenges are considered and incorporated into the program design and delivery. Strong technical skills including Google products, web authoring, user account administration, and SQL databases. Demonstrated ability to manage a portfolio of programs based on changing business needs. Strong background in and working knowledge of data centers and/or cloud computing Excellent oral and written communications skills. Ability to travel internationally 25% of the time. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.