The Integration Specialist is responsible for preparing retail-related technical devices (i.e. POS systems, network equipment, scanners, IPs, etc.) for in-store use and refurbish returned or damaged devices whenever possible. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Unbox new or returned devices and detach necessary power and data cables (stage) according to client instructions. Boot devices (test) and make changes to settings and troubleshoot as needed per customer direction. Disconnect devices, label as requested and re-box as necessary. Assist with security code information injection (key injection) into retail devices. Key injection is performed in a secured/access controlled area. Transport finished product to designated area. Provide back-up as necessary on the RMA process, refurbishing, shipping, updating the proprietary operational system, etc. as requested. Adhere to quality control, accuracy processes and safety guidelines at all times. _The statements contained herein reflect the principal function and most significant duties of the job, but should not be considered to be an all- inclusive listing of work requirements. Individuals may perform other duties as assigned including work in other areas to cover absences or relief to equalize peak work periods or otherwise balance the workload._ EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS High School diploma or equivalent. Experience may be substituted for part of educational qualifications as appropriate. MINIMUM EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS 1 to 3 years’ prior experience working in a warehouse environment. Must have the ability to remain in a stationary position for approximately 50% of the time. Must have the ability to transport and position devices and boxes from ground to waist level up to 25 pounds on a frequent basis. Superior ability to multi-task, prioritize multiple projects, adjust to changing workflow and workload accordingly with minimal training. Ability to take initiative, be self-motivated and an independent, accountable, dependable performer. Strong communication skills with demonstrated ability to express ideas and information (both in written and oral form) clearly and concisely in a manner appropriate to the audience. Ability to be accountable for quality customer service and respond appropriately to a variety of personalities and situations. Working knowledge and use of Microsoft Office products and databases. Experience with MS Dynamics – Solomon preferred. Demonstrated ability to display sound judgment, initiative, and analytical skills. Ability to maintain quality and safety standards. Must be able to read, write and speak effectively in English. SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED Knowledge of relevant warehouse and production equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies is preferred. Must possess a basic understanding of technology to include technical and operating system software knowledge.