In your new role you will: Be the customer's voice for quality related topics within the organization to improve overall customer quality satisfaction Build strong relationships with customers to understand their specific needs Perform event evaluation based on customer information, complaint database content and verification results (Failure Analysis, Product, Process and Quality history) Review customer specific quality related trends, analyze data and facilitate local and/or global improvements. For customer induced cases develop initiatives to understand root cause and reduce or prevent re-occurrences (8D process and reporting) Understand the customers quality requirements, contracts (i.e. PPM agreements), expectations and communicate this back into the Infineon organization Be accountable for the turn-around time and quality of the 8D report towards the customer Represent a holistic perspective on all aspects of customer communication with regards to complaint management Accountable for the execution of the internal complaint management process from complaint validation until final customer 8D report Document information and triggering of relevant tasks in the complaint management tool (SAP QM) landscape Profile You are best equipped for this task if you have: 5+ years' experience in Semiconductor Quality, Fab and/or Assembly Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering Strong knowledge of Semiconductor Failure Analysis (FA) Basic knowledge of quality systems, methods, procedures and tools (e.g. FTA, 5Why, 8D, FMEA, SAP QM, ARIS, BO, etc.) Basic knowledge of audits, certifications, standards and process management Ability to hold global-cross functional - 8D problem solving teams aligned, accountable and motivated to meet customer expectations Excellent verbal and written communication About Us Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener – with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentally-friendly mobility and security in a connected world – we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources. _Infineon Technologies Americas Corp. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, legally protected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal laws._ _Employment at Infineon is contingent upon proof of your legal right to work in the United States under applicable law, verification of satisfactory references and successful completion of a background check and drug test, and signing all your on-boarding documents._ _In some instances, if applicable, U.S. export control laws require that Infineon obtain a U.S. government export license prior to releasing technologies to certain persons. This offer is contingent upon Infineon's ability to satisfy these export control laws as related to your employment and anticipated job activities. The decision whether or not to submit and/or pursue an export license to satisfy this contingency, if applicable, shall be at Infineon’s sole discretion._ _LI-CR1_ What we offer you in Livonia, MA Find out more about our location Livonia, MA