Human Resources - 2019 Emerging Leaders Program - Fulltime Associate - 24405 Human Resources - USA Offsite, Offsite Jumpstart Your Career with Nielsen’s Emerging Leaders Program in the Human Resources Track! Today, there were over 500 million Tweets, over 85% of U.S. Consumers used their mobile device while watching TV, and within the next four years, women will control $28 Trillion in annual consumer spending. At Nielsen, you will help analyze and understand what all this means to our consumers, and how it truly influences and drives consumer behavior in what people watch and what people buy. At Nielsen, we invest in you. Nielsen’s Emerging Leaders Program offers a powerful and unique experience for top undergraduates interested in a leadership career with the world’s leading provider of global marketing information, consumer insights, and business media. The Emerging Leaders Program (ELP) is a challenging 24-month rotational program designed to develop leaders who will position Nielsen for growth while at the same time investing heavily in your growth holistically to set you up for success. Associates in the Human Resources track will work with Nielsen businesses to help us attract, engage and develop the talent we need to grow and help our clients compete more effectively. Rotation Overview As you move through this program, you will assume roles of increasing responsibility that focus on building vital Human Resources and business skills. First Rotation (6 months): This rotation will allow you to dig deep into one of our Human Resources Center of Excellences (CoE). This will be your first of two rotations through a specialty area such as Talent Engagement & Development, Talent Acquisition, Compensation and Benefits, or People Analytics. Second Rotation (6 months): The purpose of this rotation is to ensure that you build a solid foundation in Human Resources and begin to explore and understand the depth and breadth of the Nielsen business through the role of an HR Business Partner. In this role, you will support one of our Nielsen businesses, working as an internal consultant with the leadership of the business to ensure we are attracting, engaging, investing in, and retaining our top talent. Third Rotation (6 months): This will be a unique opportunity to gain insight into one of the Nielsen client organizations and processes. These “line” rotations may be within a team dedicated to a client or product. The objective is for you to experience and learn Nielsen’s business first-hand and understand how we work with the most significant consumer packaged goods and media companies in the world. Fourth Rotation (6 months): You will get an unparalleled opportunity to build global perspective by contributing in an overseas assignment in one of Nielsen’s fastest growing markets. Relocation will be necessary for fourth rotation assignments. You will impact the business using all of your experience and training to deliver business results. These assignments may involve an HR specialty such as: Compensation, Organization and Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, or People Analytics. The selection and location of this rotation is developed collaboratively with the business sponsors. In addition, Emerging Leader Associates will be provided with: Training & Development – You will receive intensive, focused training during the program in leadership, Human Resources, professional development, and business knowledge. You will have the opportunity to interact directly with our global business leaders to build your knowledge of Nielsen and further develop your leadership and business acumen. Mentoring & Networking – You will be paired with an executive from our Global Human Resources Leadership Team who will provide direction with assignments, career planning and post-program placement. They will provide ongoing feedback with structured development goals to help you build your skills. You will have a variety of opportunities to network with senior leaders and colleagues during training sessions, small group discussions and town hall meetings. The network associates are able to build during this time is often cited as a top benefit. Selection Criteria: Graduation within the last two years with a Bachelors degree in a Human Resources-related discipline or something similar and relevant Strong track record of academic achievement (minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA) Significant leadership role in collegiate extracurricular activities Enthusiasm and flexibility to geographically relocate during and after the Emerging Leaders Program; willingness and ability to travel extensively Strong interpersonal, written and communication skills Excellent organizational and leadership skills Intellectual curiosity, flexibility and creativity Willingness to commit to a multi-year career with Nielsen after completion of the program Permanent work authorization in the U.S. Relevant Majors: Human Resources, Industrial and/or Labor Relations, Business, Communications / Communication Studies, Organizational Leadership and Supervision, Learning and Organizational Change, Organization Behavior / Organization Development, Management and Leadership, Psychology To be considered for the Emerging Leaders Program Human Resources track, please submit your resume and cover letter which should include reasons why you are interested in the program. Visit http://nielsen.com/oncampus for more information! EOE/AA/M/F/D/V About Nielsen: Nielsen N.V. (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content — video, audio, and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. Nielsen, an S &P; 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90 percent of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com _Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class._ Job Type: Recent Graduate Job Primary Location : Offsite,Offsite Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: Yes, 5% of the Time