Job Code RS0055 Researcher I Humanities Duties & Responsibilities HBS seeks an energetic and self-driven Research Associate to partner closely with a faculty member in the Technology and Operations Management unit on the development of new course materials. Topics will include technology commercialization, the business of artificial intelligence, and innovation. Under the general direction of the faculty member, the RA will support the development of course materials. Primary areas of responsibility include researching and developing content, acting as project manager to manage the timeline of deliverables throughout the year, serving as a thought partner with the faculty, and helping to develop new case studies and other teaching materials to be used in the course. The Research Associate position reports directly to faculty supervisor and administrative manager in the Research Staff Services office. Ideal RA candidates will be comfortable in an environment that requires a high level of independence, intellectual curiosity and the ability to use discretionary judgment. Primary duties may include: Write cases, teaching notes, case supplements, project reports, and other related course materials. Field-based and library-based research, literature reviews, collecting and analyzing qualitative and quantitative data. Independently manage all timelines and deliverables for multiple projects with competing priorities. Provide subject-area knowledge, analysis, and interpretation to faculty member. Make recommendations to and create original, thought-provoking, innovative presentations and writings for domestic and international audiences. Exercise independent decision making with regard to progression of project and methodologies. When confronted with unexpected research data, be able to make deductions, add insight, and draw conclusions to share with faculty. Represent HBS to outside entities: interacting with prominent individuals (grace under pressure is essential). Ensure compliance with department, University and federal regulations. Complete work with only general direction. Be aware of department, School, University policies and potential outside research policies. Under general direction of faculty member must be able to take complex research ideas, concepts, and methodologies and apply them to new projects and situations. Must be able to structure assignments and keep faculty member informed as necessary, using own judgment. Basic Qualifications BA/BS degree required. Experience or interest in technology, innovation, and digital transformation is preferred. Evidence of outstanding academic achievement. Indication of independent research experience and/or applied experience. Excellent communication, interpersonal, organization, research, analytical, writing, and editing skills are required. Proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and to flexibly adapt to changes in priorities; ability to work calmly under deadline pressure, work both independently and as a team member, take initiative; and follow projects through to completion. Strong skills related to the Microsoft Office Suite are expected, including the ability to prepare charts, graphs, and use graphics for presentations. Additional Qualifications This position requires an individual capable of consistent use of discretion, judgment, and initiative. The candidate must have extremely high standards in terms of quality of work, attention to detail, strong organization skills, and absolute commitment to task completion. He or she must be able to balance multiple tasks and shifting priorities under tight deadlines at an accelerated pace when necessary. It is helpful if the candidate is familiar with navigating a complex organization, such as Harvard Business School. Additional Information This is a full-time term appointment starting as soon as possible through June 30, 2019 with potential for reappointment. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, a cover letter and resume are required for full consideration. Upon the review of application materials, applicants may be asked to submit a writing sample, and transcript(s). All positions will be given a writing exam. HBS is not able to provide visa sponsorship for this position. Follow us on Twitter, @HBSJobs Job Function Research Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Boston Department Division of Research & Faculty Development Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 055 Appointment End Date 30-Jun-2019 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.