_We've got the keys to a rewarding career, drive on over to Penske!_ Have the drive to be a part of a top service department? Want to keep the best fleet up and running? If you’re happy helping customers, you’re a perfect fit! Penske Truck Leasing is seeking a vehicle prep representative to meet and greet incoming customer truck drivers at our fuel island in Kent, Washington. This is a great opportunity for someone who may be looking to learn the fundamentals of preventative maintenance on diesel vehicles and grow in a diesel career or similar fields related to vehicle maintenance. Click below to see what makes Penske great! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gNxP04N06o What do you do as a vehicle prep representative? The duties consist of vehicle inspections, fueling and washing of vehicles, vehicle detailing, pick-up and delivery of vehicles and parts, tire changes, daily rental check in/out, parts pricing and stocking and facility maintenance. Candidate must be able to work in various weather elements outdoors. The shift expectations are: 10 a.m. - 6:30 pm Tues. - Fri. and Sat. from 7:30am - 3:30 pm Other major responsibilities include: Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels Check air pressure in vehicle tires; and levels of fuel, motor oil, transmission, radiator, and other fluids; and add air, oil, water, or other fluids, as required Clean windshields, and wash vehicles Perform minor repairs such as, install mounted tires and changing engine oil and filters Prepare daily reports of fuel, oil, and accessory sales Order stock, and price and shelve incoming goods Rotate or replace tires Provide customers with information about local roads and highways Clean parking areas, offices, restrooms, and equipment, and remove trash Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Qualifications: To succeed in this role, the ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: At least 1 year of customer service experience preferred High School Diploma or equivalent required Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems. Willingness to travel within district (close geographical area), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a to a reference verification (to include past employment and education) are required The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate must regularly lift and /or move up to 12kg, frequently lift and/or move up to 23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 45kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include Close vision, Distance vision, Peripheral vision, Depth perception and Ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this Job, the associate is regularly required to stand; walk; sit and talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pa., is a joint venture among Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group and General Electric. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 200,000 vehicles and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe and Asia. Product lines include full- service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, transportation and warehousing management, and supply chain management solutions. Visit www.GoPenske.com at http://www.gopenske.com/ to learn more about the company and its products and services. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer Ready to help the customer and join a great team? Apply for this opportunity and start your career with Penske today. Keywords: Gas Station Attendant, Vehicle Service Attendant, Fuel Island Attendant, Pump Attendant, Lot Attendant, Service Attendant, Car Wash Technician, Detailer, Porter, Lube Tech, Fueler, Lube , Washer, Fueler Work Locations: 18441 E. Valley Hwy Kent, WA Primary Location: United States-Washington-Kent Job: Vehicle Maintenance/Mechanics/Technicians Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Vehicle Maintenance/Mechanics/Technicians Req ID: 1807307