Integration Services Technology Leader Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment. Learn more about this role and how you can begin Working Right. This is an exciting opportunity in either our Columbus, IN location or Shoreview, MN facility for an Integration Services Technology Leader. Your impact will happen in these and other ways: Provides application or infrastructure technical expertise, analysis and specifications for IT systems to meet business requirements in accordance with IT architecture policies and standards; translate requirements into technical specifications, create detailed solution design, coordinate construction, installation, configuration and testing of IT systems; and identifies, troubleshoots and resolves system technical issues. Creates and manages life cycle of technical specifications from which programs and configurations will be applied to create the application, infrastructure or complete solution. Assists in technical analysis of potential solutions including evaluating the technical fit and viability of commercial-of-the-shelf products versus custom built solution. Delivers solution adhering to standards and leveraging re-use of components. Creates high level and detail design of infrastructure OR applications, interfaces, conversions, extensions, reports, and workflows while meeting architecture, security, performance, scalability, and maintainability requirements. Assists technical and infrastructure groups in understanding the solution design and specifications. Works closely with IT technical service providers to ensure outsourced work packages are delivered to specifications, meeting key parameters of quality, schedule, cost, security, performance, and scalability. Conducts or participates in formal design reviews and code reviews (where applicable) to ensure the detailed design specifications have been understood and coding standards have been adhered to by the development team(s). Seeks appropriate opportunities to promote re-usability of component designs to reduce costs and shorten time to deliver solutions. Proactively seeks opportunities to enhance efficiency in the build and deploy processes, leveraging automation where possible. Assists in the test strategy and execution of master test plan. Participates in the creation of standards, processes, procedures, and guidelines for the IT design and development community as well work instructions or ‘runbooks’ used for end-user support. Analyzes and revises existing systems and documentation to identify remediation or improvements in the application or infrastructure solution. Provides level 3 support for critical non-routine issues. Coaches less experienced team members on technical matters. Qualifications Skills and Experience Required: System Prototyping - Able to conduct an early sample, model, or pre-release of a product built to test a concept or process or to act as a thing to be replicated or learned from. Requirements Analysis - Describes how business analysts prioritize and progressively elaborate stakeholder and solution requirements in order to enable the project team to implement a solution that will meet the needs of the sponsoring organization and stakeholders. Solution Assessment & Validation - The ability to understand and assess proposed solutions in order to determine how closely they meet requirements and if they will deliver the desired business outcomes. The ability to understand the organization, and its readiness, to determine what is necessary to transition to the solution. Solution Design - The activities involved in conceptualizing, defining, architecting, and ultimately designing complex systems. Solution Construction - Ability to select desired options to make a commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) products, applications, or IT systems function to user specifications. To build a particular application or system for use in a specific way. Troubleshooting - Able to diagnose and problem solve issues with computer hardware or software components with little or no direction. May require ability to install, configure, or disposition of server or client pc infrastructure and application issues. Relationship Management - Creates relationships with new acquaintances quickly and confidently; works to build trust and partner with stakeholders; successfully manages both internal and external relationships (e.g., vendor relationships); is comfortable in a challenger role that, at times, requires building constructive tension in interactions. Influence - Applies different approaches to convince others to change their opinion or plan, and wins support from others for ideas; is able to build support with peers without direct lines of reporting across a matrix organization. Decision Making - Considers the relative benefits and costs of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one; acts decisively and swiftly; identifies problems and drives toward solutions; takes on responsible roles and accountability for outcomes even when things go wrong; is comfortable making difficult decisions. Education, Licenses, Certifications College, university, or equivalent degree in Information Technology, Business or a related subject required. Experience Significant relevant experience required. 5-7 years of experience. Relevant Information Technology IT experience required (10 – 12 years), including technical team leadership experience working with senior leadership team; Minimum 8 years of experience in Integration architecture, design and development services including understanding of multiple integration platforms, infrastructure and related monitoring and maintenance tool sets both on premise and on cloud (e.g. Oracle SOA, Dell Boomi, Apiary, Apigee, Mulesoft, etc.); Minimum of 4 years of experience in leadership roles either as a direct manager or matrix manager leading technical resources; Atleast 8 years of experience in design of and in depth knowledge of integration technologies like ESB (Enterprise Service Bus) Frameworks, Distributed Systems, Messaging Systems & Protocols, API managers and microservices architectures required; 2 years of experience in API Management, iPaaS/Cloud Integration implementation experience (Azure and/or AWS) including API gateways and API management tools API policy management; Experience designing, interpreting, and analyzing API runtime analytics, knowledge of Cloud Architecture, Cloud Security; Cloud platforms and REST API Model, Services Security required; Minimum of 6 years of experience in Oracle Fusion Middleware including SOA Suite, Oracle Service Bus (OSB), BPM, BAM , ODI, Oracle API Management and OEM technologies, Oracle WebLogic, Oracle BPEL, Oracle BPM, Mediator, CEP, API management toolsets, server infrastructure, network preferred in an large scale enterprise integration platform; 3 of year of Programming experience in Java/J2EE technologies; Experience with Dev Ops and Agile Methodology including Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) is desired; Experience in B2B / Managed File transfer technologies is desired Additional Responsibilities Establishes, designs & implements integration architecture, conceptual & logical layers, and governance, standards. Design, implement & manage development methodologies for integration services. Promote continuous quality improvement, cost reduction efforts across the integration practices, understand & introduce new capabilities. Design & Development of Technology and Product Roadmaps. Evaluate new product versions, patches & implement product migrations or Upgrades. Monitor, tune and guide operations on various technology layers & J2EE container with JVM level. Lead product installation, administration including infrastructure/capacity planning, deployment & release mgmt. Compensation and Benefits Base salary rate commensurate with experience plus annualized bonus potential. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits. Cummins and E-verify At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today. careers.cummins.com Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: http://connect.find.ly/cummins Job SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Primary Location United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building Other Locations United States-Minnesota-Minneapolis-US, MN, Shoreview, CPG Headquarters Victoria St Job Type Experienced - Professional / Office Recruitment Job Type Professional - Experienced Job Posting Jun 11, 2018, 8:51:14 AM Unposting Date Ongoing Req ID: 1700076I