JOB SUMMARY: A Sr. CAID Specialist is responsible for creating Class A surface geometry utilizing ICEMSurf software. They also need to be able to interface with Pro/Engineer to integrate geometry into Pro/E models. They will be a master of the software with exceptional speed and efficiency. Also responsible for interpreting sketches/renderings and point cloud scans to develop vehicle platforms in a large number of processes in CAD for all Polaris product lines. Achieving this with minimal direction from the Lead Industrial Designer. While creating the vehicles, a Sr. CAID Specialist must be able to determine part design feasibility and aesthetic considerations such as surface highlights. They need to be creative and able to present multiple options to solve issues for the clients. They will act as a lead liaison between Industrial Design and the Engineering teams to create full vehicle platforms and support all A side modifications. The ideal candidate is adaptable to change and refinement in programs and communicate effectively with peer teams and management. A Sr. CAID Specialist may also be called upon to retrieve Engineering data and provide measurements and assembly images to the team. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: A Sr. CAID Specialist is responsible for: Class A surfacing utilizing ICEMSurf software ProEngineer interface Component design (Injection molded plastic, casting, stamping, etc.) Surface detail work (rounds, etc.) Interpret sketches / renderings into 3D Surface utilizing point cloud scan data Interface with Industrial Designers Provide measurement and assembly data to Industrial Designers + Larger portion of the program Determine feasibility and aesthetic considerations Slab surfaces Understand part fit Able to verify proper surface highlights + Master of software Minimal direction from Industrial Designer Exeptional speed, efficiency and quality Eye for Design – know what’s right and wrong Complete vehicle design (maybe multiple vehicles) Present multiple options to ID/mgmt./eng Design liason between ID / Eng Lead team of internal and external CAID Specialists SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & EDUCATION: AS required BS/BA in Engineering, Mechanical Design, Industrial Design in the CAID modeling or Industrial Design preferred. 10+ Years experience ICEM Surf and ProEngineer experience preferred Catia experience optional Strong leadership skills Powersports experience a plus Mechanical knowledge required Team player Flexibility with a changing environment Strong aesthetic aptitude WORKING CONDITIONS: Team-based, collaborative, fast-paced, office / studio environment