REPORTS TO Director, Data Insights ALASKA AIRLINES' STORY Alaska Airlines is one of the most respected names in aviation and flies throughout its namesake state and the Lower 48, as well as to Hawaii, Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica. Our roots date to 1932 and are symbolized by the Alaska Native painted on the tails of our aircraft. Guided by what we call the "Alaska Spirit", we pride ourselves on providing a lifeline to remote communities while delivering renowned service to everyone we fly. This commitment has brought us national and international recognition. We've been honored with a variety of awards by readers of Travel + Leisure, Conde Nast Traveler, USA Today and others. Alaska, with Virgin America, is the premier airline for people on the West Coast, and together with its sister carrier Horizon Air, flies to more than 115 destinations. The two airlines are subsidiaries of Alaska Air Group Inc. (NYSE: ALK) with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. POSITION INFORMATION Role Summary The Data Services Team owns the design, build, maintenance, quality, and expansion of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW). This EDW houses key data that is used across the organization for critical decision making and to run the Business. We are looking for the Senior ETL Developer to play an integral role in every step of the process, and to provide thought-leadership in the areas of design, data modeling, and ETL development best practices. Scope & Complexity This position supports complex software development activities for Alaska Airlines. Key Duties Plays a lead role in the areas of ETL design, data modeling, and ETL development Facilitates best practice guidelines around all stages of development Provides technical leadership to serve as point of escalation, review, and approval for key issues, significant projects, and decisions Able to work with stakeholders, and translate requirements to design and build a solution that will meet Business needs and integrate seamlessly with the EDW Gain team and stakeholder approval for all designs, and effort estimates Research and analyze current systems, subsystems and interfaces to understand the current or new process flow Document work via Functional and Tech Specs Develop unit tests, performance tests, and take into account security requirements Prepare and participate in design and code reviews Analyzes processes for gaps and weaknesses, building future state models and creating the roadmaps and migration plans to get there Communicate progress and work using the Agile Methodology Job-Specific Skills & Education Required: 5+ years of experience of with Oracle In-depth experience with Data Warehousing: building relational databases, star schemas In-depth of experience with Data Modeling Experience with ODI (Oracle Data Integrator Tool) Experience in the design, implementation, and support of a Kimball method data warehouse on SQL Server or Oracle Strong SQL reading and writing skills Business and/or technical background in the areas of Data Integration (ETL), Data Security, and Enterprise Data Warehouse development Experience in Change Management, Release Management, and Source Code control practices A Bachelor of Arts or a Bachelor of Science degree, with a focus in computer science, systems analysis, or a related area, is required Minimum age of 18 Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Preferred: 1+ years airline/travel industry experience 3+ years of experience with OWB (Oracle Warehouse Builder) Experience with SQL Server THE LOCATION The location for this position is in Seattle, Washington OUR CULTURE - ALASKA AIRLINES For eligible employees, our company offers a unique total rewards package that few companies can match, including insurance coverage for medical, dental and vision care, 401(k) retirement savings plans, monthly and annual incentive bonus plans, time off and a generous employee travel program. Our values reflect who we are at work and in our communities: Own Safety, Do the Right Thing, Be Kind-Hearted, Deliver Performance, and Be Remarkable. Alaska Airlines also fosters a diverse and inclusive culture and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. POSTING INFORMATION A few helpful tips when applying - ~Before applying, we recommend that you clear your browsing history including your temporary internet files and disable pop-up blockers. You can accomplish this by going to the Tools tab. ~Gather your paperwork, including your work history, resume etc. - before you apply to the position. ~ If you would like to include a cover letter, add it as your first page to your resume. Your resume is part of your application and unique to each position you apply to. ~Once in the application, be sure to use the links provided to return to the previous page if needed. The back button is not compatible with our system. Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air do not tolerate discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants are also protected by law. Alaska Airlines y Horizon Air no toleran discriminacion o acoso en base a raza, color, credo, religion, origen nacional, estatus migratorio de residencia o ciudadania, edad, sexo, orientacion sexual, identidad de genero o expresion, estado civil, discapacidad, estado veterano protegido, informacion genetica o cualquier otra base protegida por la legislacion aplicable. Empleados o aspirantes que indaguen, discutan o revelen su compensacion o la remuneracion de otros empleados o aspirantes tambien estan protegidos por ley. Job ID: 32341 Location: Seattle, WA Full/Part Time: Full-Time Regular/Temporary: Regular