The National Instruments Software R&D; organization has 2018 openings for talented entry-level Software Engineers with a BS degree. As an NI Software Engineer, you will enjoy the unique opportunity to take ownership of your products and be involved in all aspects of the product development cycle. Software Engineers find that NI’s relaxed and stimulating work environment, which includes working in small feature-focused teams, fosters the type of engineering innovation that leads to our many award- winning products. Software Engineers have the opportunity to work on projects such as compilers, application user interfaces, visualization graphics, development tools, and application frameworks. If you have excellent programming skills and a desire to work with the most talented people in the industry, then we invite you to explore a Software Engineer position at NI. Core Job Responsibilities Work and interact with a wide variety of NI staff in R&D; software and hardware organizations, as well as employees from other business groups, including Applications Engineering, Manufacturing, and Product Marketing Perform research as required to specify and develop or enhance your product, or to define new products Specify, design, implement, and test software features and capabilities for new and existing products Provide technical expertise and training to Applications Engineers, Product Support Engineers, Technical Writers, customers, or other persons who use and/or support your product Diagnose and debug problems with your product or problems arising when your product interacts or integrates with other NI products Review and approve product specifications and customer user documentation for the product NI has many types of software engineering roles at NI; we've listed a few below that hiring managers may consider you for when you apply to this position. Systems & Embedded/Driver Development \- NI system and embedded-level software products are rich with features. You will have the opportunity to work with technologies such as automatic signal routing, multi-device synchronization, code generation, Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that support several different programming languages (for example, LabVIEW, C, C++, C), a variety of operating systems (for example, Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, real-time), bus interfaces (for example, USB, PCIExpress, PCI, Ethernet), user-mode and kernel-mode driver components, and firmware that runs on embedded processors and FPGAs. RF Communications Software \- National Instruments is driving the leading edge of disruptive and long-term change in the RF/Communications Design, Prototyping, and Test marketplace. We are looking for software engineers with a background or interests in the area of communications, signal processing, or RF hardware and software development. In this position, you will design and develop software that will enable RF and communication domain experts to more efficiently design RF/microwave circuits and subsystems, signal processing algorithms, implement those algorithms in hardware, and perform measurements. Qualifications Please Note: National Instruments does NOT petition for H-1B status from student visas for this position. B. S. in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, engineering physics, mechatronics, physics, or software engineering or B. A. in computer science 3.2 minimum overall GPA Strong understanding of computers and high-level programming languages (C/C++) Thorough understanding of the following concepts and principles: Operating system components and design Computer system architecture and organization Data structures Development methodologies including object-oriented analysis and design Understanding of good software design and architecture principles Demonstrated ability to: Work effectively in a group development environment Problem-solve effectively - diagnose technical issues and propose reasonable solutions; enjoy problem solving Take initiative, be a self-starter, and work independently Persistently drive tasks and projects to successful completion Take ownership of goals, project schedules Listen attentively and grasp fast-paced technical conversations Quickly learn applicable technology, systems, and products Passion for learning about and working with computer-industry technologies Strong work ethic and drive to succeed Primary Location : US-TX-Austin Work Locations : US - TX, Austin (HQ) 11500 North Mopac Expressway Austin 78759 Job : Engineer Business Unit : Research & Development Employee Status : Regular Job Type : Standard Job Posting : Apr 24, 2018, 8:41:50 AM