We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role We are looking for an exceptional Marketing Manager, Data Strategist for the US Restaurant Marketing Team to bring efficiency to a cross-functional marketing team. From design to data, strategy to development, you love marketing and getting into the weeds with problems to figure out how to break down barriers and drastically increase output. What You’ll Do Own data analytics and dashboarding for all US Restaurant Team marketing efforts Work closely and across the team’s marketing verticals (Strategic, Enterprise and SMB Partners and Strategic Initiatives) to help build a portfolio strategy and measure against it Measure marketing campaign efficacy and work with the marketing team to continuously improve all aspects of the customer journey Help run A/B testing and experimentation for marketing activities and operational initiatives Track progress, understand dependencies, and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders Ability to balance team expectations, business needs, and resources to ensure correct prioritization of cross-functional work as a project evolves Establish world-class workflows and continuously test and measure improvements Ensure a rapid pace of testing and that learnings are documented, shared, and rolled out What You’ll Need Proficient in SQL and Excel (Tableau a plus) Hands-on experience project managing an initiative from start to finish. Achieves project goals while managing scope, time, quality and risk. Excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items. Ability to stay focused under pressure, prioritizing and managing multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment Ability to understand complex concepts and work across multiple functions and teams Demonstrate initiative, persistence, ability to problem solve, and enthusiasm for learning new skills. Offer creative thinking and solutions Extremely detail-oriented, organized, self starter, and a strong communicator