Microsoft is seeking an Account Technology Strategist (ATS) to provide architectural/technical recommendations and guidance for a top tier healthcare company headquartered in the metro Detroit area. The ideal candidate is a generalist with a significant understanding of Microsoft’s cloud platforms (IaaS, PaaS and SaaS), who can combine his/her technical, business knowledge and experience to drive successful customer engagements with LOB and mission critical systems. The candidate must be a self-starter who can actively build relationships internally and with customer stakeholders, take ownership of opportunities, working independently and/or by assembling and leading Microsoft partners, other Technical Specialists and Microsoft consultants as needed. The position offers a tremendous career opportunity as a key technical interface between a world class healthcare company and the world’s largest software company. Regular exposure to the leadership of both companies is a fantastic way to influence and impact the industry’s biggest game-changing initiatives. An opportunity to hone your skills with the biggest challenges in the industry and contribute to market changing innovations and initiatives. Professional recognition is readily available within Microsoft and from the customer. Responsibilities Understand the current and future business challenges for assigned customer segment, and based on that understanding, formulate and execute an overarching technical strategy with specific and detailed tactics to evangelize Microsoft’s products and technologies leading to customer-specific solutions. Understand competitive technologies and strategy and formulate plans to address competitive differentiation while also understanding synergies across heterogeneous solutions. Create, manage, and own representation of Microsoft solutions to CXO-level and technical architect level customers. Integrate Microsoft partners and Microsoft Services in an effort to ensure successful transition from ideation to value realization. Drive customer satisfaction: build and maintain technical relationships between Microsoft and key technical personnel within assigned account, systems integrators and Microsoft partners and use your technical knowledge and skills to influence solution architecture and design and successful implementation. Help coordinate and provide technical support in customer meetings and product briefings including Microsoft Technology Center, Redmond Executive Briefing Center visits and other account related activities by the account team executives. Coordinate efforts and help align joint technical strategy with other customer segments globally, Microsoft and partner personnel globally, and leverage their activities to help achieve desired customer outcomes. Drive consumption of Microsoft Solutions by creating consumption plans that are agreed upon by the customer and have predictable, time driven deliverables and plans to address blockers by workload. Help customers consider how to effectively drive change within their organization to aid in modernization/deployment. Conduct and/or coordinate one-to-many presentations, demonstrations, and proof of concepts. Identify customer requirements and counsel account executives and management regarding how to best solution the need and provide feedback as appropriate. Qualifications Strong technical background with 9+ years pre-sales and/or consulting and/or management experience. The ideal candidate will have strong communication skills and presentation skills with the ability to articulate the advantages of Microsoft technology to executives, senior business and technical decision makers as well as front-line technologists. Candidate will have a strong understanding of the implications of the solutions including financial and budget implications. Preferred Qualifications: Strong written and verbal communication skills essential. Proven ability to simplify the complex is key. Experience in the Healthcare Industry- ie: Provider or Retail is desirable. A BA/BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline is preferred. Passion for technology or industry demonstrated through social media, published articles or the like is a plus. The candidates’ expertise should include broad and/or in-depth knowledge in the following Microsoft products and technologies: Azure, Office 365, CRM Online, Windows Server, Active Directory, SQL Server, Exchange, Skype, SharePoint and Visual Studio .Net. This position will require approximately 20% domestic travel. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.