Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Senior Big Data Analyst , preferably with experience in the advertising/marketing/fin-tech space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Marketing Cloud business unit that spans Silicon Valley and New York. The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, R, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth through a new business line, this job is for you. Responsibilities: Design and maintain analytical database structures and requirements to manage and process various data sets (Affinity in-house and 3rd party data) Convert OLTP data into OLAP for reporting/analytics/modeling purpose Lead the development of analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis Qualifications: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fields, preferably with focus on Data. 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building analytical data applications and BI Reporting Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Php/Shell scripting. Nice to have R / SAS Programming experience. Experience in using Cloud based managed services for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, etc. Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a data platform. Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments Experience working in Agile software development environments Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required. Experience in the AdTech/MarTech/FinTech industry, especially knowledge of DMPs, programmatic advertising/RTB is a big plus.