Would you say you have a Human Resource background with a passion in Human Analytics | Human Capital? You're not only strong quantitatively, but also statistically analytical! You are intellectually curious and able to handle ambiguity. You think of yourself as creative as well as pragmatic! You’re a change agent able to attain results with demonstrated skills in presenting effective visualization and storytelling of Human Resource Data. You possess critical thinking skills in testing of system configuration changes, report writing and development of integrations between Workday and payroll vendors. Above all, you enjoy working in a complex, lean organization, with tight deadlines, where your impact will be global, and you’re on the ground floor of innovation! Being a part of the Human Resource Team as our Senior HRIS Analyst , you will support system releases based testing and will also be responsible for project management of small to mid-size HR projects. You will be the point of contact for assigned functional areas and will assist subject matter experts with ensuring data integrity and will strive towards maximizing efficiency by analyzing data flows for process improvement opportunities. There will be at least 1,639,553 issues vying for your attention on a daily basis, so you’ll need to make quick but thoughtful decisions. Rest assured, you’ll never be bored. Your success in this role requires a thorough understanding of Human Capital Analysis including HRIS experience, preferably in Workday. You’ll utilize this expertise as we work on main priorities while providing daily business continuity. You must also have a minimum of a Bachelors’ degree in MIS, IT or Engineering or higher. Other requirements may include, but are not limited to: 3-5 years of Global HR Process and HR Technology experience Demonstrated experience utilizing Workday is preferred Strong HR technology and HR process experience and expertise Strong project management experience and analytical skills and specifically issue triage and management skills Established cross country/regional leadership experience Strong customer orientation Strong HR functional expertise and operations acumen Strong communication, leadership, interpersonal, influencing and cross-functional teamwork skills Excellent communication, writing and facilitation skills Experience working with global payroll integrations preferred but not required If this sounds like you, please apply today!