Background/IRC Summary: The International Rescue Committee helps people whose lives and livelihoods are shattered by conflict and disaster to survive, recover, and gain control of their future. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC works with people forced to flee from war, conflict and disaster and the host communities that support them, as well as with those who remain within their homes and communities. At work today in over 40 countries and 22 U.S. cities, we restore safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted and struggling to endure. As a global humanitarian organization, the IRC has unique capabilities, and is particularly known for rigorous research and evidence-based programs. The IRC’s strategy over the next 5 years builds on these capabilities, and its mission is to extend IRC’s thought and operational leadership in the sector. The International Rescue Committee’s R &D; lab will be launching Displaced, a long form interview podcast conducted with leading humanitarians, foreign policy makers, and innovators to discuss their work and how they think about the world. Although the subject matter will be the causes and consequences of conflict and natural disaster, the format will encourage a light, conversational, and reflective tone. The aim will be to draw out the beliefs guests hold, how their views have evolved, and where they feel confident or uncertain. While they may cover current events, the interviews will be conducted to have staying power and can be listened to at any point. Job Overview/Summary: The Podcast Researcher will be responsible for conducting background research on all guests as well as providing logistical support to coordinate all podcast tapings. The research will entail (1) identifying and reviewing key articles that should be read prior to the podcast on the interviewee or relevant historical events or trends they were involved in, (2) identifying 3-5 major themes and specific questions within each them that can be used to drive the interview, (3) provide background statistics and evidence on key issues that would enhance the interview, and (4) preparing written introductions of the guest. This will provide the opportunity to intellectually contribute to and shape the content of the podcast and dive into the weeds on interesting policy relevant research. The logistical support will entail coordinating with guests to set up taping sessions. Ideal applicants will have a keen interest and/or experience in international aid. Previous professional or academic experience in policy research and analysis is preferred and top applicants will be evidence-savvy, creative, curious and clear. S/he must be enthusiastic and have excellent research, writing and organizational skills. Proficiency with Microsoft Office is mandatory. Major Responsibilities: Prepping podcast interviews, including conducting evidence reviews, synthesizing information and summarizing key data on key areas of interest. Preparing topic themes and questions for guests. Preparing written introductions for guests. Coordinating logistics with guests for tapings. Engaging in brainstorming sessions on content. Key Working Relationships: Position Reports to: Director of Innovation Strategy, R&D; Position directly supervises: N/A Indirect Reporting: N/A Job Requirements: BA required and a masters degree in international relations, development or other relevant field preferred. Excellent analytical and conceptual thinking skills: the ability to cut through large bodies of research and information to analyze, summarize and develop arguments. Understands the relationships between theory and practice, data and trends, and can think in an inter-disciplinary way. Ability to read and assess academic research from economics, political science and sociology. Excellent organizational skills: the ability to work independently & productively in a fast-paced environment and ability to effectively see projects through from start to finish. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills: the ability to successfully and effectively liaise with a variety of stakeholders. Fluency in English, both verbal and written is required. Excellent Computer skills: Expert in all MS Office applications. Working Environment _:_ __ The applicant will ideally be based in NYC or Washington DC. Flexible/remote working arrangements can be made.