IT Operations Coordinator Chicago, IL To be part of the AMA is to be part of our Mission to promote the art and science of medicine and the betterment of public health. Join the AMA team as the IT Operations Coordinator in Information Technology. As part of the team, you will assist IT Leadership in providing department support in delivering the highest quality of service to business units throughout the AMA. You will support the IT Procurement area and anticipate administrative needs of IT leadership while initiating action to support management of projects and finances of the IT group. You will provide administrative support and services for IT staff and consultants. Other Responsibilities will include: Oversee the IT Equipment receiving process. Physically receive, inspect, and check in all IT ordered equipment and accessories. Asset tag equipment as required. Coordinate IT asset reporting to Finance. Manage EZOffice inventory software. Serve as IT purchasing agent backup. Provide administrative support for budgeting, capital requests, and invoice management as needed. Oversee completion of daily administrative activities. Manage calendars and scheduling of meetings, including coordination and negotiation with service providers. Complete necessary correspondence and reports in a clear, concise and timely manner. Support coordination of staff training and participation at conferences. Provide administrative support to IT management, staff and consultants. Work with Human Resources to ensure that IT confidential employee records comply with processes and procedures. Work closely with other departments to monitor IT Compliance. Process IT contracts and invoices in collaboration with IT project managers and IT procurement staff according to AMA standards in a timely manner with a high level of accuracy. Track status of all contracts. Inform VPs, Directors, Team Leaders, and Project Managers of contract expiration dates and maintain copies of Finance reports on a monthly basis. Serve as IT Administrator for DocuSign. REQUIREMENTS: High school diploma required, bachelor’s degree preferred. 4+ years of administrative experience required, including support of executives; 1 year of experience providing administrative support for budgeting processes and contract procedures or equivalent. Demonstrates an attention to detail, good judgment and the ability to work independently. Advanced working knowledge of Outlook, Microsoft Word and Excel software. Working knowledge of PowerPoint, Visio and Sharepoint preferred. Excellent verbal communication and interpersonal skills, including interaction with executives and the ability to influence colleagues to complete tasks as requested by IT leadership. Demonstrated ability to maintain confidentiality and sensitivity. Demonstrated ability to function successfully in a team environment as well as to be a strong individual contributor. Strong decision-making skills, including business and technology problem solving. Exhibits the ability to work in a fast paced environment, reprioritizing assigned tasks as needed based on importance and urgency. Must possess a good sense of humor and a positive, “can-do” attitude. The AMA offers competitive salaries, including an incentive plan; excellent benefits and progressive technology. Our office is a business casual environment and we respect work-life balance. The American Medical Association is located at 330 N. Wabash Avenue, Chicago, IL 60611 and is convenient to all public transportation in Chicago. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in our workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment. As an EOE/AA employer, the American Medical Association will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity and veteran or disability status. THE AMA IS COMMITTED TO IMPROVING THE HEALTH OF THE NATION