Job Category: Flight Attendant At Republic Airline, our mission is to provide a safe, clean and reliable flying experience. We believe this is best accomplished by focusing on our vision, “With the BEST people, products and performance, we will be America’s Regional Airline of choice.” Republic Airline, based in Indianapolis, operates a fleet of 188 Embraer 170/175 aircraft and offers scheduled passenger service with 900 daily flights to 100 cities in 35 U.S. states, Canada, the Caribbean and Central America. The airline provides fixed-fee flights operated under our major airline partner brands of American Eagle, Delta Connection and United Express. Our 10 domiciles include CMH, DCA, EWR, IND, LGA, MCI, MIA, ORD, PHL and PIT. With more than 5,500 talented aviation professionals, Republic Airline is a great place to get your career off the runway! POSITION PURPOSE Ensures the safety and comfort of passengers in accordance with FAA and Inflight guidelines. ESSENTIAL DUTIES To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodation will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Performs all regulatory and assigned cabin duties with constant attention to guests while providing a safe and comfortable onboard experience. Maintains thorough knowledge of all emergency procedures and the use of all emergency equipment on board the aircraft; operates all emergency exits and aircraft equipment using all the necessary movements and force up to and including 70 pounds. Provides food and beverages to passengers, which requires pushing and pulling moveable carts weighing in excess of 250 pounds. Assists passengers in stowing carry-on baggage weighing up to and including 35 pounds. Maintains a neat and orderly cabin environment. Contributes to a reliable and on-time operation by working with other crewmembers to meet all report times, departure times, and minimum turn times. Performs inflight sales and promotional duties as assigned. Assists other Customer Service staff as needed with passenger handling or other duties. Maintains reliable and prompt attendance according to Company policies and procedures. Presents a professional image, both in conduct and in appearance, including adherence to the Company uniform dress code. Complies with associate Rules of Conduct as outlined in all applicable manuals. Maintains currency of Inflight guides and manuals. Fosters the Company’s core values and culture throughout the work environment. Performs additional duties as assigned or required. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability necessary to perform this job. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE High school diploma or GED, with at least two years of customer service experience. Must be 21 years of age by the date of the first interview. PREFERRED EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Additional years of customer service experience, preferably in an aviation environment. Previous Flight Attendant experience. OTHER REQUIREMENTS Possess polished and professional interpersonal skills with a positive attitude and a customer-oriented mindset. Must be willing and able to serve alcoholic beverages. Must be able and willing to serve and handle peanuts, meals containing shellfish/seafood, beef and pork. Able to work with animals and around other allergens and products. Must not have tattoos visible while in uniform. Must not have multiple piercings visible while in uniform. LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read, analyze and interpret technical procedures and governmental regulations. Able to effectively present information to and respond to questions from management, crew, passengers and the general public. Able to speak and be understood in English, including shouted verbal commands during emergency situations. REASONING/PROBLEM SOLVING ABILITY Must be willing to work in a time-sensitive environment and effectively handle stress that is associated with meeting deadlines and managing unexpected change. Capable of interpreting a variety of and multiple instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Must be able to remain calm, think and react quickly in all types of emergency situations including but not limited to: medical emergencies, aircraft decompression, emergency evacuations, fires, security threats, passenger disturbances, turbulence, etc. DECISION MAKING Makes day to day decisions used to support the operation. Decisions often require some thought and are somewhat structured. Able to process information quickly and react in a positive manner during unexpected and/or serious situations. Capable of controlling personal and emotional responses and acting appropriately under high levels of stress. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Must possess the physical strength to reach and operate all emergency equipment and exits using necessary movements and force up to and including 70 pounds. Capable of lifting objects above shoulders up to and including 35 pounds. Able to push and pull moveable carts weighing in excess of 250 pounds. Able to walk and stand for extended periods, sometimes with aircraft turbulence. Must be able to stoop, crouch, squat, climb and kneel. Able to see clearly at 20 feet or more with corrective lenses or contacts. Able to clearly hear verbal communications in person and over airplane communication systems with ambient aircraft and passenger noise. Must be able to sit in assigned jump seat with seatbelt and shoulder harness fastened without any modifications. Must be able to move about aircraft and perform all required functions freely, effectively and quickly in confined environment. Able to work extended duty periods on sequential days. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Able and willing to work in a culturally diverse atmosphere and professionally interact with passengers and crew under stressful conditions. The ability to accommodate customers’ special needs/disabilities. Willing and able to work for extended periods of time as well as a varied schedule, including early mornings, nights, overnights and weekends. TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS Travel up to 100% of the time, including nights, weekends, holidays and overnight. Willing to relocate based on the Company’s operational needs. Republic Airline is committed to providing qualified applicants and associates reasonable accommodation, when necessary, to enable the individuals to complete the application process and/or perform the essential functions of the job. An applicant and/or associate requiring reasonable accommodation to perform any essential job function, should contact Human Resources. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here at https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc self print_poster.pdf%E2%80%8B . Selected candidate(s) for hire must complete the following prior to employment: a criminal history report, global screen, drug screen, employment credit report and if applicable, a driving record. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. Republic Airline, based in Indianapolis, operates a fleet of approximately 190 Embraer 170/175 aircraft and offers scheduled passenger service with 950 daily flights to 100 cities in 35 U.S. states, Canada, the Caribbean and Central America. The airline provides fixed-fee flights operated under our major airline partner brands of American Eagle, Delta Connection and United Express. The airline employs about 5,500 aviation professionals. Visit www.rjet.com at http://http//www.rjet.com/ for more information, follow the company on Instagram, Twitter and YouTube, and connect on Facebook or LinkedIn.