Job Description Corporate IT is searching for a Business Analyst within our End User Technology (EUT) team. As a key member of the team, you will provide direct support to multiple function lanes within EUT to define requirements, onboard new technologies and define key performance metrics. You will leverage your strong collaboration skills and deep understanding of working structures within EUT to ensure new or existing services are onboarded quickly and on time. Responsibilities Work with process owners and stakeholders to re-engineer processes to be simple, nimble, repeatable, measurable, achievable and continuously improved Eliminate complexity in Technology's ability to deliver IT services, while meeting service level agreements. Identify areas of improvement within the Technology processes using metrics and Six Sigma, Kaizen or similar techniques and deliver improvements in process, tools and quality of adoption. Suggest comprehensive metrics that can be actionable and promote positive behavioral changes; Baseline, improve and re-measure success. Work with the Metrics team to deliver them and use for continuous improvement Manage relationships with other process management teams to provide a consistent delivery framework Work with the requirements, documentation and training teams so processes are implemented in the tools, documented and process users trained in their use Evangelize the virtues of IT process management and create a collaborative environment Work independently to research subject matter. Interact with IT development, operations, IT quality and product management groups to obtain and exchange information. Create and maintain project plans. Represent the team in planning and review meetings with IT project cross-functional stakeholders. Communicate status of project to team members, clients and departmental management Manage the projects, work with all stakeholders to ensure deadlines are strictly adhered to. Understand Business Requirements and be able to translate them into a Business Requirements Document