As an experienced Cloud Architect, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading- edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. And best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. We are seeking a Cloud Architect Lead to help the Commercial Bank identify, deliver, and document the required artifacts to enable movement of applications and data to the cloud, including strategy, technical roadmaps, position statements, assessing cloud readiness, concepts, and logical specifications. The Cloud Architect will be hands-on, directly interacting with the engineering and application development teams and leadership to drive alignment, build relationships, and communicate strategy and architecture to the broader internal community. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals As a Cloud Architect Lead at JPMC, you will be expected to be an accomplished practitioner with Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Amazon Web Services Be a strong technologist with pragmatic view and creative mind, and a natural collaborator with line of business architects, engineers, developers, application owners, service providers, and senior management. Lead through influence, communicate effectively through clarity of thought and demonstrated understanding of business and technical requirements. Provide a detailed understanding of cloud infrastructure services and well-architected principles. Possess significant breadth across other disciplines (e.g., enterprise security architecture, compute services, storage, large-scale networking, virtualization, data center, integration architecture (API), orchestration technologies, systems resiliency, service support, application development lifecycle management (DevOps), and service delivery). Advise on the refactoring and design of preexisting software to help increase its cloud relevancy _This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:_ Proven experience in assessing, refactoring and identifying opportunity for existing applications to take advantage of modern application architectures (e.g. microservices, containers) Proven experience with cloud software, platforms and/or infrastructures as an architect or engineer. Experience with the assessment, implementation, management and documentation of a broad set of information technologies and processes (e.g., resiliency, application scaling, application security, data protection, encryption, governance and discipline) within a cloud environment Experience designing cloud ready solutions, including creating artifacts, models, and strategy presentations Experience in application assessment to determine best fit and opportunity for leveraging cloud services and establishing and managing a cloud migration/adoption pipeline Solid understanding of the end-to-end information technology (IT) process, including architecture, design & engineering, implementation, and operations Ability to provide direction and guidance on architectural use cases and requirements for related efforts Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C, Objective C, Python, JavaScript. Cloud related certifications (e.g., AWS, Google, Azure, etc.) Strategically oriented and can influence at the group and Firm level as needed Expertise in working in partnership with colleagues throughout the firm, and in leading collaborative teams to achieve common goals Our Commercial Banking division uses technology driven by innovative minds like yours to provide companies, as well as real estate owners and investors with a range of financial solutions designed to help them achieve their business goals. With annual client revenues ranging from $20 million to over $2 billion, the service and the solutions we provide is critical to both our and our clients’ success.