Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Recruiting is a core strategic driver of Facebook’s success. We have a world- class team working together to help drive our ambitions and scale to the next level. We conceive practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a lot of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach. We’re passionate about delivering an awesome candidate experience, and that starts with the first conversation a candidate has with us. As the recruiter focused on Product recruiting efforts, this role will partner with Product teams to evaluate talent, structure deal terms and seamlessly integrate new talent acquisitions. RESPONSIBILITIES Design and execute customized, full cycle staffing plans, partnering closely with hiring managers to achieve the best results possible Find and engage unique and/or passive candidates through creative sourcing techniques, coordinating with our sourcers as needed Facilitate and lead meetings and key initiatives and projects with client groups, and with the recruiting teams, that will continuously improve and scale our recruiting operations and results Regularly manage pipeline activity and maintain data integrity, and proactively share data-centric updates with internal stakeholders Establish and maintain meaningful relationships with management and key cross- functional stakeholders internally (e.g. Recruiting, HR, Compensation, and Diversity teams) Collaborate with others on the recruiting team on initiatives and/or hiring needs that may spike in other areas MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years of full cycle recruiting experience Experience independently partnering with leadership on hiring across time zones Experience influencing and driving toward results Experience in problem-solving across all stages of the hiring cycle Experience in compensation and general HR requirements as related to hiring PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience partnering with recruiters and hiring partners across different offices Full cycle recruiting experience across multiple tech/product disciplines Ability to work in a team-based environment