Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Corporate Security consists of a team of over 400 professionals, who wake up each day and commit their every effort to protecting and serving Wells Fargo team members, customers, and shareholders. Responsible for the safety and security of Wells Fargo team members, customers and assets. The Security Response Analyst will be responsible to: Monitor and process life/safety, robbery, burglary and other alarms in accordance with Wells Fargo security procedures in the Security Response Center. Assist in obtaining the initial information for all reported incidents. Work closely with other Security Response Center analysts to ensure escalation guidelines are followed according to written procedures. Work with alarm vendors to facilitate the resolution of problem calls relating to the alarm systems. Notify various bank groups/government agencies as required. Assist customers in resolving alarm system maintenance/service needs. Perform data entry in support of Security Response Center requirements. Other duties may be assigned. Schedule will be either 1st shift: 6:30am- 3:00pm or 2nd shift: 2:30pm – 11:00pm – Days to be determined – will include at least 1 weekend. Training for this position will be 6:30am – 3:00pm for the first 2-3 weeks. Required Qualifications 1+ year of call center experience Desired Qualifications Ability to navigate multiple computer systems, applications, and utilize search tools to find information Basic Microsoft Office skills Experience handling multiple incoming lines and multi-tasking phone calls with alarm systems Basic knowledge and understanding of emergency procedures and handling emergency situations Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications Experience handling multiple incoming lines and multi-tasking phone calls with alarm systems Previous security-related experience. Basic knowledge of emergency procedures and handling emergency situations. Job Expectations Flexibility to work in a 24/7 environment, including weekends and holidays Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.