Job Description Software Engineer, Tools, Convolutional Neural Network Somerville, MA, USA Avigilon, a Motorola Solutions company, is defining the future of the security industry through innovative end-to-end-solutions. We’re changing the landscape of the surveillance industry through advanced award-winning AI based surveillance systems. Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world and our team is advancing the field as it applies to the surveillance industry. We are proud to be industry leaders in video analytics with products like Appearance Search and Unusual Motion Detection along with our recently launched Avigilon Blue cloud service platform. You will have the opportunity to contribute to intelligent camera surveillance systems through cutting edge research and software engineering. Avigilon’s solutions have been installed in more than 120 countries at thousands of customer sites, including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, critical infrastructure, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, and retailers. Position Overview: Avigilon is looking for a versatile and talented Senior Software Engineer to work in a multidisciplinary team of Engineers and Research Engineers in the goal of building the next artificial intelligence solutions for Video Surveillance and Business Intelligence. As a Software Engineer, your responsibility is to lay out a solid infrastructure for Research Engineers to make progress at a higher pace. You will also collaborate with various product development teams to deliver high quality software solutions to our customers. Responsibilities include: Effectively collaborating, and communicating with engineers and research engineers in a multi-disciplinary environment. Designing, implementing and documenting software solutions that address specific requirements. Diligently choosing and deploying Relational and Non-Relational database technologies. Designing and implementing big data management and processing strategies, infrastructures and algorithms. Making effective use of Object Oriented Software design patterns Designing and implementing highly scalable and available applications Qualifications: Programming in languages including C++, C, Python and JavaScript Web development (HTTP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, web stacks, etc.) Experience developing and deploying applications under Linux and Windows Experience with Cloud computing models including IaaS, PaaS and SaaS Experience with TCP/IP networking, transport layer protocols including TCP and UDP, and application layer protocols including HTTP, RTP and RTSP Experience developing and consuming REST and SOAP services Experience with distributed computing models including MapReduce Preference will be given to candidates with the following skills and experience: Experience with handling and analyzing big data Experience with machine learning framework Experience with image and video processing Perks at Avigilon: As a full-time employee of Avigilon, you are eligible to receive a comprehensive benefits package which includes a competitive salary with full benefits including extended health, dental, vision, paid vacation and holidays, 401K, participation in corporate events, etc.