We’re hiring a Rockstar Business Analytics Manager to drive and support eBay’s Trust initiatives including eBay Money Back Guarantee! eBay’s Trust Analytics team works with stakeholders in Trust and Safety, Customer Service, Finance, Risk, Product, to ensure that Buyers and Sellers have a positive experience while transacting on the eBay platform. Job Responsibilities include: Analysis of both high-level and granular business trends Conduct analysis using SQL, Excel and other tools Structure and refine analysis with the goal of distilling insights from the data Build and manage processes that produce insights and information on a periodic basis Support junior analysts by guiding them in their analysis Present analytical findings to senior management in order to guide decisions The role is both data-intensive and people-intensive. Successful candidates should demonstrate strong inter- personal skills, and be extremely comfortable working with large sets of data to derive business insights. The successful candidates should also be able to offer a strategic perspective, sound business judgment, and be able to work collaboratively with multiple teams, located in different geographies. Successful candidates should demonstrate: Ability to take initiatives and drive work Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, in dealing with people at all levels of the organization Exceptional business judgment and quantitative analytic capability Experience in distilling and presenting complex quantitative analysis to business users Intellectual curiosity, passion for problem- solving, and comfort with ambiguity High energy and a desire to work in a results-oriented, fast growth environment Ability to thrive in a cross- functional environment while juggling multiple responsibilities A passion for understanding and serving the unique community of eBay Qualifications: 3-5 years of analytics work experience Strong communication skills Proficient in SQL, SAS, R, Hadoop, Python, etc Experience creating dashboards in Tableau or other dashboarding tools Self-motivated, curious to understand/solve complex problems. Bachelor’s degree and above from top notch undergrad and grad schools. Degrees in quantitative areas (Stats, Math, CS, etc.) /MBA preferred. is a Subsidiary of eBay. This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies View our privacy policy View our accessibility info eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster EEO is the Law Poster Supplement