Description: Reports to: Director of Advancement Services, Analytics and Membership Department: Development Classification: Exempt, Full-time Benefits: Full Museum Benefits Scope of position: The Dallas Museum of Art is in a period of exciting growth as it implements a strategic plan centered around a new mission – art and engagement. The expansion of the Development Department—including several newly created positions—is a key element towards success of the plan and the Museum’s future as a national leader. The Assistant Manager of Analytics and Donor Research will report to the Manager of Advancement Services, and will have primary responsibility for reporting and conducting analyses that support efforts to track, measure and enhance revenue generating initiatives, and implementing a strategy for conducting ongoing and effective donor research processes. Working closely with the Manager of Advancement Services, the Assistant Manager will support efforts to assess and analyze current systems, data quality, and database architecture to enhance the Museum’s ability to create ad hoc reporting, automate and schedule reports electronically, and build complex analyses through modeling, data mining, and other analytic techniques. In addition, the Assistant Manager will also be responsible for conducting prospect research and provide prospect management support to front-line fundraising staff. Prospect research functions include identifying, collecting, and analyzing prospective and existing donors. The Assistant Manager will conduct biographical, wealth, financial and philanthropic research. Using information, analysis and management tools, and other resources provide strategic and effective support to achieve fundraising goals. Assist in assessing and creating efficient workflow processes to better manage prospect data and pipeline management. Essential Functions: Think strategically about data and analyze data for strategic decision-making to improve ability to fundraise Support all aspects of the donor system (Raiser’s Edge) and applications (Importomatic) including security, structure, usage, reporting, functionality, ease of use, and accuracy of extracted and imported data. Work closely with the Director of Individual Giving, the Manager of Circle, the Director of Advancement Services, Analytics and Membership, and the Manager of Advancement Services to develop and implement donor prospecting strategies and provide recommendations on reporting needs and methodologies. Develop, design, maintain and implement donor prospecting strategies and processes to create donor segmentation and ranking systems, and build detailed donor profiles. Develop, design, and maintain reports that track key performance measures of membership growth, retention, movement, upgrades, downgrades, visitation and more. Provide advanced query reporting and export processes. Develop, design, maintain and implement complex analyses though modeling, data mining efforts, and analytic techniques to support strategies. Coordinate and fulfill data requests and list pulls from across the Museum. Provide assistance and consultation to staff on the effective use of applications, systems, and tools and how to utilize for their respective needs. Ongoing monitoring of industry related developments in the area of analytics and donor research best practices across industries. Represent the Department on internal projects that involve donor data, prospecting and reporting. Other duties as assigned . Requirements: Education, Experience, and Certification: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in database management, report writing, data analysis or research in a fundraising environment 2 years of experience in database management and donor research in a fundraising environment is preferred Experience with the following systems and databases is preferred: Advanced working knowledge of Blackbaud’s Raisers Edge database or other relational database (Raisers Edge certification or similar/ related system) Blackbaud applications e.g., Importomatic Etix or other ticketing systems LexisNexis, Wealth Engine, or other donor prospecting tools or platforms Experience and working knowledge of SQL (structured query language) and SQL Server administration, and other computer languages to support the design and automation of reports. Key Qualifications: Proficiency in information management and knowledge of standard Windows applications (Excel and Access) Proficiency and experience with analytical and visualization software such as Tableau preferred. Experience with conducting and presenting data analysis and research reports preferred. Experience with data-focused work and knowledge of statistics preferred. The ability to exercise discretion and maintain constituent confidentiality is required. Strong analytical and strategic thinking skills Strong interpersonal skills and demonstrated experience working with cross-functional teams and leading teams Strong communication skills Outstanding organizational, multi-tasking, and problem-solving skills Sense of humor The Dallas Museum of Art is committed to building a culturally diverse staff and is and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics.