Location: Seattle, WA Category: Staff Posted On: Thu May 31 2018 Job Description: Software Infrastructure Installs, implements, administers, and maintains virtual machines (VMWare, Hyper-V, etc.), networking systems (DNS, DHCP, Firewalls, etc.), operating systems (Windows, Linux), databases, and other foundational enterprise software and services (AD, Azure AD, CAS, LDAP, Shibboleth, etc.). SAAS and Cloud Hosted Resources Plans, develops and assists in the management of essential cloud-based infrastructure resources, including hosted software, infrastructure and data backup/storage solutions (Azure, AWS, vCloud, O365 and MS Exchange, etc.). Anticipates future opportunities for off-site hosting of critical services and resources; advises and recommends solutions that include effective and efficient deployment of hybrid on-premises and cloud technologies. Hardware Infrastructure: Designs, implements, administers, and maintains systems and hardware that make up the enterprise system architecture. Includes virtual and physical servers, media for data storage and archival, physical and virtual networking equipment, and power equipment. System Security Provides/administers authentication systems (AD, MFA, etc.) and security mechanisms (Firewalls, SSL certificates, DNS security, etc.) to protect institutional data and operations. Implements server-level security controls, firewalls, and related tools to ensure the availability, integrity and confidentiality of protected data resources. Maintains awareness of security threats in the IT industry; performs analysis and develops new solutions to monitor and enforce system security. Backup and Disaster Recovery Performs backups for all institutional data systems and core technologies. Designs, implements and maintains disaster recovery and business continuity plans and infrastructure. Monitoring and Stability Strives to maintain 24x7 uptime of IT systems and infrastructure through timely patching/updating, testing, monitoring performance/utilization, incident/downtime alerting, and review of system logs. Writes automation and integration scripts (shell, PowerShell, etc.) as needed to ensure reliable and sustainable systems operation. Documents practices and systems for knowledge preservation and cross training. Collaboration and Support Assists or leads other IT teams to coordinate, develop and recommend the design of centralized and distributed systems. Coordinates and communicates systems activities and resource availability with multiple CIS internal teams and external stakeholders. Works with vendors/consultants as needed Provides outstanding customer service to other IT staff and all downstream customers of IT. Continuous Improvement Stays current with industry best practices, tools, and new infrastructure technologies; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal and professional networks; participating in professional organizations. Continually and collaboratively incorporates new knowledge and ideas into strategy, policy, and standards. Team Player Committed to a collaborative and collegial mindset and positive attitude. Job Requirements: Undergraduate degree in Computer Science/Engineering, related technical field or equivalent experience is desired. At least 5 years experience in systems engineering, development and administration is required. Strong ability to learn new technologies quickly. Ability to follow best practices and standards. Experience in managing both on-premises and cloud infrastructure systems and services (Microsoft Azure, AWS, etc). Ability to excel working independently and in a collaborative team environment while delivering high quality work. Has clear, professional communication skills able to contribute to team discussions, knowing when to contribute, when to listen, and when to ask questions. Critical skills including scripting, systems integration, network computing, and strong customer service background. Excellent customer service skills are mandatory. Experience with multiple operating environments (Linux, Windows Server) and server virtualization (VMware, Hyper-V, Xen) and scripting tools (PowerShell, Linux shell scripting). Experience with physical and virtual computer networking and protocols (Ethernet, FTP, SSH, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, Firewalls, etc.). Experience with relational database systems (Oracle, SQL Server). Experience with authentication systems (Shibboleth, CAS, AD, ADFS, DirSync, etc.). Experience with enterprise storage systems (SANs, iSCSI, etc.) and industry standard backup technologies (VEEAM, etc.). Additional Information: Position will remain open until filled. Salary range: $78,000 to $88,000 annually