This is a hands-on technical role. This position requires a resource with proven experience and knowledge of data warehousing and business intelligence, with an emphasis on data architecture, sourcing, reporting and analytics. The Business Intelligence (BI) Developer will play a key role in the architecture, delivery and governance of reporting and data delivery at Fay Servicing LLC. The developer must work well in a team setting and have excellent organizational, prioritization, communication, and time management skills. The successful candidate will demonstrate accountability, flexibility and adaptability to handle multiple changing priorities and be able to successfully collaborate with development teams, technology groups, consultants, and key business stakeholders. Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field or equivalent work experience. Provide dashboard/reporting functionality and create key performance indicators, calculations, and metrics for internal reporting. Ability to provide estimates to support timelines and deliverables for various projects. Extract, transform, and load (ETL) data from various source systems to the data warehouse covering a variety of technical scenarios encountered in the construction of complex data warehousing solutions, including T-SQL, SSIS, and other data manipulation tools within the Microsoft Suite of Products. Support system and user acceptance testing activities, including issue resolution along with technical documentation to ensure solutions are fully documented. Minimum 5 years’ experience with MS SQL Server Standard and Enterprise 2008 and SQL 2012; SQL 2014 experience a plus Experience supporting and debugging SSRS Reports and Dashboards. 5+ years of related experience, including functional requirements gathering, creating ad-hoc 4+ years’ experience in reporting/analytic role with a focus on visualization design and development with SSRS Advanced SQL development with strong T-SQL background for development of views, stored procedures and UDFs Essential Functions & Responsibilities: Partner with team members on projects that include, break-fix enhancements, ETL framework enhancements, data quality enhancements, reporting and general SSRS design and development. Perform ad-hoc analytical queries and create automated queries for various department projects Research, development, document and modification of ETL processes and jobs per data architecture and modeling requirements and participates as needed to help meet team milestones / goals. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and be able to lead meetings with technical peers regarding the solution designs. Ability to communicate with the Business Analysts, Business Stakeholders and team members when it comes to converting the ETL design into specific development activities Assist in the ongoing development of technical best practices for SSRS reporting, data movement, data quality, data cleansing and other ETL and Reporting related activities