The Advanced Analytics Manager is responsible for leading the detailed collection and analyses of data—both internal and external—to develop timely, data-driven analyses in support of the firm’s marketing, business development and client services programs. This role will work collaboratively to develop performance measures and industry benchmarks as well as to predictive indicators of client service and firm performance. Primary Job Responsibilities: Contribute to the development and operation of processes and sources for acquiring and vetting internal and external data. Manage the firm's day-to-day marketing analytics efforts, providing timely research and analysis for business development and client service efforts. Measure the business development contributions of Marketing towards client retention, account expansion, and relationship growth, including: Satisfaction Score & Net Promoter Score, Customer Touches / Program Participation / Partnerships with clients, Upsell Targets / Customer Expansion, Client Retention Rate / Repeat Purchase Rate / Churn Rate, Lead Generation / Proposal Win Rate. Measure the activities that connect our firm and partners to key markets, clients and prospects, including: Laddering of target contacts in sales cycle, Touch points to sale, Physical/ Digital program reach, Campaign objectives and ROI. Measure the influence of our communications programs to raise visibility and deliver valuable information to clients and prospects, including: Media mentions relative to competition, Social Media engagement, Website analytics, Content engagement, Partner profile visits, Beacon content visits, Thought Leadership Programs ROI. Measure the reach and growth of the Perkins Coie brand: Unprompted name recognition, prompted recognition, favorability, and other KPIs. Specific Skills Required: The success of this position will rely heavily on the ability to transform broad data streams into succinct findings, derive meaningful insights from disparate sources, and effectively communicate findings to internal customers. Strong analytical skills, intellectual curiosity, and demonstrated ability to transform raw data into succinct, useful, and persuasive recommendations. Strong oral communication skills and an interest in active collaboration with a variety of constituents. Excellent writing, editing and presentation skills. Ability to prioritize, multi-task, manage internal customers’ expectations and meet deadlines. Experience in a law firm or professional services business development or marketing environment. Experience with data modeling, data management, computational network models, relational database and big data tools like Hadoop or spark. Knowledge of programming languages such as R, Python, and /or SPSS. Strong skills working with MS Office software (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook) and Adobe Acrobat. Education & Experience: Bachelor's degree or equivalent required; advanced degree (MS, MA, MBA, JD or other relevant graduate degree) with a concentration in Data Science, Predictive Analytics, Statistics or Mathematics highly desirable. A minimum of 8 years of experience in legal or professional services required, preferably in competitive intelligence, predictive analytics or similar research function. Travel: This position requires occasional travel.