Overview Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader in storage and information management services. Iron Mountain is committed to storing, managing and transforming what our customers value most, from paper records to data to priceless works of art and culture. Providing a full suite of solutions – records and information management, data management, digital solutions, data centers and secure destruction – Iron Mountain enables organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and protect their data and assets from a complex world. Visit the company website at www.ironmountain.com for more information. Iron Mountain enables 94% of the Fortune 1000 to smartly and securely manage their physical and digital information assets. With unmatched innovation and collaboration, our teams create information management solutions for our customers’ data, no matter what format, location or lifecycle stage it’s in and no matter where it’s kept. We are more than 17,000 people strong and growing. We’ve been a trusted records management leader since 1951. Iron Mountain is an equal opportunity employer, and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics or expression, disability, medical condition, U.S. Military or veteran status or other legally protected classifications in making employment decisions. Responsibilities Would you like to be part of a team focused on increasing adoption of Iron Mountain’s Eenterprise Ccloud Ddata Mmanagement products and solutions by increasing penetration in our Fortune regional markets1000 accounts?. Do you have the business savvy and the technical background necessary to further establish Iron Mountain as a key security and technology platform provider? We are looking for an experienced Strategic Senior Data Management Sales Executives focused on the Iron Mountain’s Fortune regional1000 customers. The ideal candidate has sales experience with a terrific reputation for over- achieving quota by growing revenues in existing customers as well as penetrating new accounts. He/she should be a self-starter who is prepared to develop and execute against an account coverage plan and consistently deliver on revenue targets. The ideal candidate will possess both a sales and deep technical background that enables him or her to drive engagement at the CXO level as well as with software developers, IT architects, and other customer executives. The Cloud Strategic Data Management Sr BDEExecutive will be an exceptionally strong analytical thinker who thrives in fast-paced dynamic environments and has very strong communication and presentation skills. ROLES & RESPONSIBILTIES: Assist current and prospective customers in identifying potential use cases for near-term adoption of Iron Mountain solutions. Possess the technical capability to successfully position advanced data management solutions including; Cloud Computing, infrastructure solutions (Server, Storage, DC Services) & Internet architectures (firewalls, load balancers, etc). Develop and execute against a strategic plan that leads to the creation and maintenance of a robust sales pipeline including opportunities in existing accounts as well as driving net new business in untapped customers. Strategically manage numerous accounts concurrently and drive solution adoption in a defined set of accounts to meet or exceed revenue targets. Create and articulate compelling value propositions for Iron Mountain solutions. Analyze sales and solution metrics data from your accounts to help evolve your strategy. Accelerate customer adoption through education and engagement. When appropriate, work with partners to manage joint selling opportunities. Manage contract negotiations and secure customer testimonials, press releases and case studies. Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts. Responsible for final account profitability by leading the contract negotiation process and ensuring an acceptable on time outcome from pricing, profitability, liability, operational, and SLA perspectives for accounts to meet and exceed quota attainment. Maintain appropriate activity within industry associations to increase Iron Mountain awareness Qualifications 5+ years of outside technical solutions sales experience with a focus in either the Financial/Healthcare/Insurance Verticals 5+ years of direct field experience selling software or Ccloud Ssolutions to the Fortune 1000 Possess a thorough understanding of strategic selling methodologies Experience in identifying, developing, negotiating, and closing large-scale technology deals Experience in positioning and selling technology to new customers and new market segments Experience in proactively growing customer relationships within an account while expanding Strong interpersonal, planning, analytical skills and business acumen for effective decision making Experience communicating and presenting to senior leadership Ability to team effectively at all levels of Iron Mountain and customer personnel (to include Cc-level) on a wide range of topics and issues Experience in complex sales organizations Compliance Obligations: It is the responsibility of every Iron Mountain employee: to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and company policies to exhibit ethical behavior in accordance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct to complete required training within the allotted time frame