Green Dot Corporation, along with its wholly owned subsidiary bank, Green Dot Bank, is a pro-consumer financial technology innovator with a mission to reinvent personal banking for the masses. Green Dot invented the prepaid debit card industry and is the largest provider of reloadable prepaid debit cards and cash reload processing services in the United States. Green Dot is also a leader in mobile technology and mobile banking with its award-winning GoBank mobile checking account. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, TPG, Green Dot is additionally the largest processor of tax refund disbursements in the U.S. Green Dot's products and services are available to consumers through a large- scale "branchless bank" distribution network of more than 100,000 U.S. locations, including retailers, neighborhood financial service center locations, and tax preparation offices, as well as online, in the leading app stores and through leading online tax preparation providers. Green Dot Corporation is headquartered in Pasadena, Calif., with additional facilities throughout the United States and in Shanghai, China. Summary The Architect will be responsible for the vision that underlies the technology solution. This includes defining the overall technical structure of the application or website, as well as high level technical direction based on a client's specific requirements and business drivers. Hands-on is a must. You will work with business and technical clients to understand, document, and effectively communicate the requirements to the teams responsible for implementation. You will be responsible for authoring design documentation, defining standards, architecture governance, and enforcing client standards, requirements, and best practices. You will also lead education efforts to increase understanding of design and technologies. You have 7+ years of experience with architecture and software development within a creative organization. You should be passionate about technology, keeping up with the latest emerging web technologies, and hands-on in an effort to provide solutions that make sense from both a technology and business standpoint. Job Skills and Knowledge: Demonstrated ability to work with Microsoft .Net Framework and/or Core (C) Design cloud environments and architecting cloud-native applications with a focus on AWS; demonstrate Technical Cloud Architectural knowledge, playing a vital role in the design of production, staging, QA and development Cloud Infrastructures running in 24x7 environments Strong experience in architecting and building low latency and high traffic websites and systems Excellent verbal and written communications, interpersonal, and analytical skills is required Experience building highly scalable, highly secure applications Designed and built data intensive distributed applications Enterprise experience with API management toolsets, DevOps, server infrastructure, network infrastructure, caching methodologies, information security, and database technologies CI/CD, infrastructure as code Software Development processes: Code Reviews Code standards Architecture governance REST, OAuth MS SQL Server, T-SQL Messaging (RabbitMQ) NoSQL (Redis, Cassandra, Elastic Search, other) Cloud AWS (S3, EC2, Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, RDS) Working experience with Splunk, AppDynamics Nice to have: Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes Responsibilities: Prepares and consults on system architecture utilizing existing design patterns to develop future state technology solutions Builds reference architectures and drives architectural alignment across the enterprise Establishes design patterns and evangelizes best practices for solution design and development. Establishes best practices for software development processes, including coding standards, code review best practices, and architecture governance. Working collaboratively with teams across the organization, identifies, rationalizes, and solidifies solution design requirements Participates in the establishment of architecture and development standards formally presenting them through the Architecture Review Board Establishes design patterns and evangelizes best practices for solution design and development Develops executive presentations, solutions design documentation, and point of view technology white papers formally presenting them to executives, management, and employees throughout the company. Develop strong business relationships with other IT departments Work with the Engineering teams in the development of services, components, standards, and frameworks required to support Green Dot Corporation is committed to achieving a diverse workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any category protected by law.