Individually counsel students and alumni regarding their career planning and professional development Coach students to help develop individualized short-term and long-term job search strategies Provide individual review of student and alumni application materials, including cover letters and resumes Handle student walk-ins, telephone inquiries and email requests from students, alumni and employers Develop and maintain effective relationships with legal employers and recruiters through creative initiatives for marketing and promoting the law school to employers Plan and implement strategies that encourage employers to hire students and alumni Actively solicit job opportunities for students and alumni using all possible avenues Facilitate communications between employers and students Remain abreast of employment trends and avenues for enhancing job search success Develop and implement career-related programs, workshops and seminars, including, but not limited to, networking receptions, resume and cover letter workshops, mock interview programs and career orientation for first-year students Create learning opportunities to help prepare students for career exploration, networking, interviewing and the Help maintain career services databases Prepare and maintain statistical and other reports for internal and external constituencies; assist in maintaining statistics on student and graduate employment Draft informational guides on a variety of career-related topics for use by students and alumni Represent the law school's Career Services Office to internal and external audiences including marketing services, students, alumni and legal recruiters Maintain contact with student organizations to enhance students' knowledge of job search strategies and opportunities Speak at law school events, including, but not limited to, admissions open house events and first-year orientation Conduct mock interviews with students and alumni and provide feedback and suggestions for enhancing interview performance Cooperate with law school faculty and staff to enhance career opportunities for students and alumni Help maintain the Career Services website Assist in maintaining Career Services library, including selecting appropriate resources for use by students and alumni Demonstrate positive and professional demeanor Unique Duties Problem-solver with excellent judgment and high ethical standards Strong organizational skills and organizational experience, including program development, communications and marketing. Ability to set priorities, monitor progress toward goals and drive strategies to help move the law school forward. Ability to effectively communicate with multiple groups and individuals and effectively execute complex scheduling and programming. Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills, including strong public speaking skills. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively across cultural boundaries and work successfully with diverse groups of students, alumni, faculty, staff and employers. Qualifications Bachelor's degree required for Academic Advisor I. Master's degree required for Academic Advisor II. Juris Doctor from an ABA-accredited Law School and Law practice experience strongly preferred. Preferred Qualifications Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State University is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other underrepresented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full-Time Job Category Faculty and Academic Staff Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 07-09-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Please submit application via WSU's Online Hiring System. Please submit: Resume, Cover Letter, References Represented Position Message