Project Coordinator San Jose/Evergreen Community College District Position : 1800072 Required Documents: 1\. Letter of Introduction (Cover Letter) 2\. Resume 3\. Copy of Transcripts (Associate's Degree or equivalent) Department: Facilities & Bond Program Management Posting Date: 07/31/2018 First Review Date: 08/14/2018 Position Status: Full-time Salary Range: $60,632 - $74,011 Annual Salary (Range 96: Classified Salary Schedule Fiscal Year 2017-2018). Starting placement is generally at Step 1. Benefits Available - Classified: Excellent fringe benefit package includes District paid medical, dental, vision, EAP (employee assistance plan) and life insurance for employee and eligible dependents, and income protection. Voluntary plans include supplemental life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts, 403b and 457 Deferred Compensation Accounts. Classified employees also receive vacation, sick leave and 18 paid holidays. Employment Start Date: As soon as possible. Position Summary: The Program Coordinator reports to the Director of Facilities and Bond Programs at the District Office. The work schedule is 12 months per year; Monday - Friday; 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. This position is represented by the California School Employees Association (CSEA), Chapter 363. Position Purpose: Under the direction of the Director of Facilities and Bond Program Management or assigned administrator, the Project Coordinator performs a wide range of complex clerical, standard and advanced office support duties in the management of bond and capital outlay programs. This position coordinates various communications and activities among the administrator, department staff, vendors, consultants and the public. Duties and Responsibilities/Specific to Position: 1\. Perform appropriate administrative and operation support duties for assigned supervisor and relieve of a variety of technical and administrative details. May provide support to other dept. managers or staff members. 2\. Coordinate as liaison between the dept. and college administrators, faculty, staff, architects, engineers and other consultants; coordinate activities of the groups in the preparation of project designs, drawings and specifications. 3\. Maintain accurate and detailed calendar of events, due dates, and schedules as they relate to assigned areas and services to ensure proper tasks and activities occur as scheduled. 4\. Prepare meeting agendas, minutes and construction schedule updates from the construction management consultants as required for Project/Construction Management or Bond Executive meetings. 5\. Assist with onsite coordination of moves for construction project and coordinate between construction managers, faculty, staff, and purchasing personnel as necessary. 6\. Assist in the preparation of departmental reports by gathering, organizing, and summarizing information from a variety of sources, including the submittals and updates to the California Community College Chancellor's Office in the Fusion Database. 7\. Track project budget activities and assist in resolving department budget issues and problems. Coordinate timesheets and monitor expenditures related to bond projects. 8\. Maintain and organize the Facility Department network and physical information storage systems; ensure that all required documents are received and logged into the District records. 9\. Update construction communications, keeping information current for the community and the District as needed. 10\. Support vendor outreach efforts in accordance with the Board Policies. 11\. Prepare and compose formal correspondence with various agencies, architect firms, college departments, and the community as required. 12\. Perform other related duties as assigned. EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS Knowledge of: 1\. Modern office methods and equipment including computer terminal and micro- computer usage and word processing applications. 2\. Facilities project and construction management software systems. 3\. Record keeping principles and procedures; business accounting and mathematics; acceptable business and office etiquette. 4\. Organization, time management and standard office procedures. Ability to: 1\. Read, interpret, apply and explain District policies, procedures and regulations. 2\. Utilize exceptional organizational skills and dealing with ambiguity and change. 3\. Establish and review work priorities; work independently and follow through on tasks. 4\. Compile information and write reports, business correspondence and procedure manuals using correct English grammar, spelling, punctuation and vocabulary. 5\. Exhibit a strong sense of urgency regarding work and progress of projects. 6\. Effectively communicate and interact with persons of diverse backgrounds and abilities. 7\. Establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with those contacted during the course of work. Minimum Qualifications EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 1\. An Associate's degree from an accredited institution, preferably in business, construction management or related field. 2\. Three years of administrative support experience involving heavy public contact and primary support to an individual or department, preferably in a public sector. 3\. Demonstrated sensitivity, knowledge, and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, gender, gender identity, cultural, disability, and ethnic backgrounds of the students we serve ;and sensitivity to and knowledge and understanding of groups historically underrepresented, and groups who may have experienced discrimination. 4\. Success integrating diversity as appropriate into the major duties outlined in the job description and in the duties listed in the District's hiring policy; or demonstrated equivalent transferable skills to do so. WORKING CONDITIONS Environment: 1\. Typical office environment Physical demands: 1\. Requires sufficient hand-eye-arm coordination to use a keyboard plus arm/hand movements to retrieve work materials and operate a variety of general office equipment. Requires visual acuity to read words and numbers. Requires auditory ability to carry on conversations over the phone and in person. About San Jose/Evergreen Community College District - Classified: The District is represented by dedicated and talented employees who are passionate about providing our student population with the best educational experience possible. The District recognizes that cultural diversity in the academic environment promotes academic excellence; fosters cultural, racial and human understanding; provides positive roles models for all students, and creates an inclusive and supportive educational and work environment for its employees, students, and the community it serves. As of fall 2017, with enrollment of approximately 18,500 per semester, and an extremely diverse student population (Hispanic/Latino 44%, Black/African- American 4%, Asian/Pacific Islander 32%, American Indian/Native American 0.5%, White/Caucasian 11%) attaining educational goals reflecting 45% - AA Degree and Transfer to a 4-Year College/ University, the District's emphasis on student success makes it a recognized educational leader in the State. The District encourages a diverse pool of applicants to serve as colleagues to an existing diverse classified staff consisting of 41% Hispanic/Latino, 26% Asian/Pacific Islander, 5% Black/African American, 1% American Indian/Native American, 22% White/Caucasian, and as well as encouraging applications from all qualified, outstanding applicants. For full application instructions and position description, visit https://www.edjoin.org/Home/JobPosting/1079042 Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-49be3beb5cf49e46beb2376be8e1a494