Description: Phoenix - AZ, PHX4701A, 4701 E Francisco Dr, 85044-5365 Leticia Mitchell 20180717-4582 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: The Information Technology Operations (ITO) provides primary monitoring, recovery, and documentation of all incidents related to the network, server and mainframe infrastructure throughout Schwab and its subsidiaries. This includes monitoring of over 1,400 applications, spread across 5,000 network devices in production and development. In addition, we are responsible for overseeing and in some cases, executing technology changes across these platforms. ITO is a true 24x7x365 organization, in this position you will be joining our weekday shift. What you’ll do: In this role, you will perform Level 1 infrastructure and application support along with crisis administration for the Charles Schwab Branch, Service Center, and Data Center locations. This role includes: Alert Console Monitoring and Escalation Crisis Management and Recovery BMC Remedy Change Ticket Execution BMC Remedy Incident and Problem Ticket Lifecycle Management Procedural Documentation Creation and Currency What you have: Required: Clear and concise communication – written & verbal Ability to Multitask in a "High Pressure Environment" Understanding of Windows and Linux OS Proficient with Microsoft Outlook Ability to type 50+ WPM Skilled in Data Analytics (Excel, Tableau, etc) Passion for improvement Nice To Have: Bachelor’s Degree ITIL Experience BMC Remedy Experience Skilled in troubleshooting network infrastructure issues Understanding of Network Administration for Cisco, F5, Aruba, Bluecoat Experience with Large Enterprise Environments (15k + servers/5k+ network devices) What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Other Specialty Engineering-less than 2 yrs Position Located In: TX - Austin, AZ - Phoenix Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Information Technology Activation Date: Monday, August 6, 2018 Expiration Date: Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Apply Here