Nauto is an AI technology company that’s improving the safety of commercial fleets today and the autonomous fleets of tomorrow. Nauto’s intelligent driver safety system assesses how drivers interact with the vehicle and the road ahead to reduce distracted driving and prevent collisions. With this knowledge, Nauto is powering the development of self-driving technology that brings the best of human driving to autonomy. Are you ready to help with this mission? We’re aiming for greater safety and knowledge: Our approach to re-thinking road safety is two-fold: deepen our understanding of real-world drivers to learn how they interact with the vehicle and road, with the goal of reducing distracted driving and preventing collisions before they occur. Second, apply these insights to the development of safe, effective autonomous vehicles that fit into existing traffic patterns and human driving behavior. We’re taking a driver-centric approach: We surface the safety insights that matter most, while protecting the privacy of drivers. By using artificial intelligence on the device, we’re able to detect distractions and immediately warn drivers in real-time. Only a fraction of driving time—such as distractions or other high-risk events—is uploaded to the cloud, where it’s automatically visible to fleet managers via a secure web application so they can then better coach drivers. Investors in Nauto’s $159M series B-round included Softbank, Greylock, Andy Rubin’s Playground Global, Draper Nexus as well as leading strategics including BMW, GM, Toyota, and Allianz Insurance. Responsibilities You will develop global channel strategy for the following channel partner types – Telcos, Telematics companies and Leasing companies. Channel strategy will include identification of priority partners and developing the channel model for each partner type. You will manage channel partner lifecycle metrics and processes (recruit, onboard, sustain) You will engage with regional channel BDMs on signing deals but also creating the operational requirements and programs to ensure healthy channel satisfaction as well as sell thru performance You will partner with insurance team on creating referral campaigns with signed insurance partners You will create pricing strategies and partner incentive models to drive demand thru the channel You will design and execute co-marketing programs with channel partners, and partner readiness and enablement programs Experiences and Skills 7+ years of B2B channel management and marketing experiences within the high technology industry You are self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Strong ability to think strategically, but to execute daily on key deliverables. Demonstrated skill on building a channel model from scratch including key functions like incentives, marketing, enablement Globally aware – experience working outside the US a plus Strong communication and collaboration skills Perks Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company Beautiful modern work space. Many perks including cafe with meals, snacks and drinks provided Exceptional health benefits coverage. Opportunities to get to know your team better through frequent employee events and gatherings Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group, including experts in a wide range of fields, from Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision to Systems & Device Engineering to Support & Operations Nauto is committed to being a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Come revolutionize transportation safety and do your best work here at Nauto!