Vanguard is dedicated to providing incomparable service for our clients, and the vast majority of interactions take place through digital channels. To enhance and evolve these experiences, Vanguard is currently seeking a UX Strategist. The ideal candidate has a track record of crafting exceptional experiences that solve user needs, and is comfortable collaborating with both leaders and peers. As a UX Strategist at Vanguard, you’ll benefit from career development opportunities, a policy of promoting from within, and workplace flexibility. In addition to gaining a stimulating and prominent role, your work will impact the millions of clients who depend on Vanguard to help achieve their financial goals. How you’ll spend your days: We are looking for a strategist who can apply expertise in UX design, digital strategy, user behavior, and Vanguard’s brand, while also considering business and marketing goals. A client-first mentality is key, as you’ll be analyzing qualitative and quantitative research in order to inform critical design decisions. As part of our Retail Client Experience Group, you’ll use persuasion and communication skills to recommend design solutions to senior management, project teams, and partners. You’ll play a leading role – overseeing the project team on deliverables from concept through completion, and guiding them through challenges and ambiguity. At the end of the day, you will help Vanguard deliver world-class experiences for our clients. The Ideal Candidate Should Possess: Proven experience solving complex communication problems and designing superior experiences for large-scale programs. A high degree of creativity, empathy, passion, and problem-solving ability. A deep understanding of user experience design (user research, experience strategy, design, architecture, development, and technology). Proven experience in using data (both quantitative and qualitative) analysis techniques to inform design. Expert communication skills (story-telling, visualization) and the ability to get buy-in on those ideas within a large organization. Expert in all areas of web and app experience design (user research, design, prototyping). In-depth knowledge of market research, competitive landscape, and test methods (A/B, multivariate testing). Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience in a creative or technical field. Graduate degree preferred. Minimum five years industry/field experience. Financial industry experience a plus. Special Factors Portfolio or examples of work is required. Note: Only U.S. citizens, lawful permanent residents, or others with the permanent right to work in the United States will be considered for this position. Employment is also contingent on a successful drug-screening result