. Phillips 66 & YOU- Together we can fuel the future Description The Office of the Chief Economist (OoCE) supports the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) in a corporate staff role. The Chief Economist develops and articulates the long-term view of global economic and market factors driving Company performance. The OoCE provides corporate glue to the various Phillips 66 functions and business units with strategic alignment and the executive’s vision in the context of both the global market place and their specific business realities. As an Energy Economist , you will work closely with Senior Energy Economists and the Chief Economist in developing analysis and projections, and supporting various ELT functions and business initiatives/ deep dives. The primary function of this role is to develop high quality content for use throughout Phillips 66. This analytical role will focus on providing long-term fundamental market analysis, drawing conclusions, and communicating findings throughout all levels of management. You will work closely with the various Business Unit Strategy teams, Corporate Strategy, the Value Chain Optimization team, and the Investor Relations team. This is a 2-3-year assignment. Responsibilities may include : Annual Long-Range Plan: Develop, execute, and articulate throughout the organization the tier one price deck and associated global macroeconomic/energy and regulatory assumptions, bases, and views Create and utilize economic models, statistical models, and technical models to analyze data Interpret and forecast market trends and present research results General executive support; ad hoc analysis Provide ad hoc support/consulting to various BUs (market analysis, capital allocation decisions, competitor analysis, changing market conditions, etc.) Attend external conferences Participate in both internal and external workshops Support Corporate Strategy function initiatives/deep dives Prepare slides and speaking notes for various internal and external engagements (Earnings calls, Board meetings) Regularly communicate with external consultants and internal global frontline BU personnel to provide market alerts Qualifications Basic/Required : Legally authorized to work in the job posting county Bachelor’s degree Preferred : Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Economics, or Finance Prior experience working in the energy industry Working knowledge of Phillips 66 businesses and key value drivers Collaborates effectively in a team-oriented environment Strong verbal and written communication skills Advanced Microsoft Excel skills Adaptable and flexible to fluctuating work hours Competencies At Phillips 66, while "what" we do may be very different from person to person, there's a "how" that connects all of us. It is how we work, how we collaborate and how we succeed together. It's this shared "how" that our competency framework describes in detail. We call it the Keys to Success because it can unlock the potential within us all. Keys to Success Prof: Adaptability—Demonstrate Adaptability And Learning Prof: Building Collaborative Relationships—Build Partnerships Prof: Communication—Communicate Professionally Prof: Judgment—Exercise Professional Judgment Prof: Results Orientation—Optimize Results Company Overview Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company's master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,500 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $52 billion of assets as of March 31, 2018. For more information, visit www.phillips66.com or follow us on Twitter @Phillips66Co at https://twitter.com/phillips66co . To be considered In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 22, 2018 . Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.