At Harry’s we are building a cutting edge technology stack to support our multi-brand vision. We are already a successful men’s grooming brand. We launched in 2013, focused on quality craftsmanship, simple design and modern convenience and now we have over 3 million customers worldwide. With our most recent round of financing ($112 million), we are developing brands beyond men’s grooming. The technology required to enable our goals is more sophisticated than first meets the eye. If you are a driven, talented engineer, come join us and help build the platform that will enable our new vision. About the Role As a Staff Data Engineer, you will be responsible for implementing scalable ETL processes and data pipelines to support a variety of business needs. You will refine the design of our data warehouse and understand the impact that this can have across the company. You are a SQL expert and can code review SQL written by others to raise the bar for efficiency and programming best practices. You will report to the Director of Data Engineering. What you will accomplish: Take ownership of the design and implementation of scalable ETL processes and data pipelines Drive re-architecture and fine tuning of the Harry’s data warehouse for use by BI tools, marketing platforms, and machine learning models Partner with data scientists, data analysts and business users in delivering performant data models Work with vendors and other developers to ingest new sources of data Contribute to improving key data engineering performance, availability and customer satisfaction metrics in support of additional brands, systems and geographies This should describe you: You have experience with distributed column-oriented data warehouses, streaming technologies and have a sense of how to optimize for these environments (deep understanding of AWS Redshift, EMR, RDS, S3, Data Pipeline is a plus) You are a SQL expert and comfortable with complex queries involving many derived tables, window functions, etc. You know how to make large software projects maintainable and extensible in the long run and have experience with technologies such as databases, queues, workers, concurrency, indexes, etc. You are curious about software and how things work, you work to understand technical problems deeply, and you stay current. You are able to productively collaborate with business users, data analysts, and data scientists. You invest in the success of your teammates, cross-functional partners and projects. Harry’s is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do great work together. As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination against a job applicant on the basis of their race, color, religion, veteran status, sex, parental status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or genetic information. We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our company.