Since 1897, the Ostrow School of Dentistry has shaped talented students into outstanding dentists and dental hygienists. Our challenging clinical education and our expert faculty members provide future oral health professionals with the skills they need in order to become the best. The Herman Ostrow School of Dentistry is looking for a talented Systems Administrator to join the Information Technology team! The selected individual must have a strong customer service presence and past experience in customer service. Ideal candidates may have experience with Citrix and VMware. Preferred educational background will include a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, BIS, MIS or CIS. Please note, we will not be able to support a work visa for this position. Job Accountabilities: Works under direct supervision to customize and maintain a multi-platform system configuration, ensuring efficiency and security. Assists in troubleshooting problems reported by users and/or by automated network monitoring systems. Provides assistance related to installations, replacements and upgrades of servers and operating systems as appropriate. Assists in the design, programming and/or installation of tools to help manage systems and application environment. Preferred Qualifications: Preferred Education: Bachelor's degree Preferred Experience: 2 years Preferred Field of Expertise: Previous systems programming and/or technical support experience preferred. Skills: Administrative: Communicate with others to gather information Gather data Prioritize different projects Research information Understand and apply policies and procedures Skills: Other: Analysis Assessment/evaluation Conceptualization and design Consulting Knowledge of applicable laws/policies/principles/etc. Organization Problem identification and resolution Skilled in: Enterprise/information architecture Groupware applications Incident/problem management Large scale storage administration Network communications technologies Network design, connectivity and capacity configuration Network security access, management and testing Network systems/data backup, storage and recovery Operating systems Personal communication devices Server applications and hardware Troubleshooting Skills: Machine/Equipment: Computer network (department or school) Computer network (university) Computer peripheral equipment Fax Personal computer Personal mobile communication devices Photocopier Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree, Combined experience/education as substitute for minimum education Minimum Experience: 1 year Minimum Field of Expertise: Entry level understanding of and experience with systems administration, backups, operating systems programming languages and associated hardware platforms.