We are currently seeking a full-time IT Support Admin to join our team! We are an early stage mortgage origination & finance company with an Operating Company (OpCo) as well as 3 privately managed Funds. We’re interested in finding an energetic and intellectually curious individual that is passionate about joining a high growth finance company. As the inhouse IT support administrator you will be the first line support for PC, Mac, Printer and Internet related problems. You will answer questions and resolve computer related issues in person. Provide assistance concerning the use of computer hardware and software. Configure and install new hardware and software. Review, monitor and upgrade existing systems. Coordinate the procurement and repair of hardware and help users with peripherals as needed. User Support: Respond to requests for technical support; identify, research, and resolve technical problems; ensure timely resolution and follow-up. Answer basic questions or resolve basic computer problems in an expedient manner; provide assistance for hardware and software related problems including setting up printers and internet. Diagnose problems to determine level of technical expertise required; if unable to resolve problem, escalate to proper authorities and work with internal and external stakeholders to promptly resolve issues. Provide support for all user IT related issues; work with available resources to provide effective solutions, break/fix and problem resolution. Train users in the proper use of hardware and software as necessary. Document and update technical and non-technical solutions Maintains IT equipment database Help and assist with conference room equipment setup and support Office365: Daily administration of Office365 exchange online Manage subscriptions, support tickets, and monitors service health. Manage mailboxes and anti-spam policies using the Exchange admin center. Act as the service administrator by monitoring service health and opening support tickets with Microsoft and coordinating for early resolution of issues. Act as the user management administrator and reset passwords, add and delete user accounts, manage support tickets, add and remove members from Office 365 groups. Configure Skype for Business for users and assist in resolving support requests Perform Security, governance, compliance, and data loss prevention. Equipment Installation and Repair: Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications. Coordinate with equipment vendors for major repairs and replacements. Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, and appropriate software. Qualifications: Associates Degree or Diploma in Information Technology or related discipline MCSA: MSOffice 365 2 or more years of related experience in IT Support role including hands-on experience in administering O365 Knowledge of Office 365 applications Knowledge of computer programs including Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft Office products, Mac OSX. Demonstrated knowledge using and troubleshooting various applications such as Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and web-based applications. Ability to configure Outlook and solve issues such as views, calendar-sharing, email rules, data migration, etc. Can do attitude, detail-oriented with excellent problem-solving skills Good written and oral communication skills Power shell scripting and printer repair is a plus but not required. Additional Information: All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.