Gravie is seeking a dynamic analyst to own the analysis and tools underlying Gravie’s insurance product solutions. This role will drive quantitative and qualitative analysis central to the development and operation of Gravie’s insurance products. This role also provides critical analytical and operational support to Gravie’s sales operations team and will have direct impact on the success of Gravie’s sales function. YOU WILL: Design and perform diverse quantitative and qualitative analyses to support new insurance product development, operation and growth of existing products, and sales financial analysis for new and current customers. Collaborate closely with others on your team and on other teams across the company to gather requirements, understand data structures, and synthesize information to deliver analyses that answer complex questions. Operate actuarial pricing manuals and integrate their results into analyses, tools, and systems used across the company. Own the maintenance and enhancement of existing tools and models that are core to Gravie’s insurance product and sales operations functions. You will develop new tools as well, as needs arise. Transform sometimes-complex and large datasets into a usable format that can be used in conjunction with existing tools to show meaningful results. Make assumptions and judgment calls in completing analyses, based on your learned knowledge of the health insurance and other products Gravie sells. Draw upon your analytical, creative, and problem solving skills to translate business needs into an actionable plan to get results – and then execute upon that plan. YOU BRING: Bachelor's degree from college or university Very strong analytical aptitude and problem solving skills Quantitative proficiency, with some mathematical and statistical work experience and/or coursework Excellent Excel skills, with ability to manipulate large and complex datasets and build tools within Excel, for use by other teams Excellent attention to detail Strong verbal and written communication skills Habits of excellent organization, time management, and responsiveness A flexible attitude and ability to work independently with limited direction An appetite for learning and quickly putting what you learn into practice Demonstrated commitment to core Gravie competencies of being authentic, curious, creative, and results oriented EXTRA CREDIT: Master's Degree in math Background, or at least interest, in health insurance or healthcare Experience with business intelligence tools and/or CRM Knowledge of SQL