JOB PURPOSE/ JOB SUMMARY: Responsible to lead the automotive mill operational and functional teams to deliver to our customer’s expectations and internal quality targets. This position develops, implements and manages the quality management system, processes, procedures and people within and outside the QA Department in order to meet or exceed established standards. This leader is key to driving our future growth by ensuring the business plans for the quality investments needed to meet our future growth potentials with our customers. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for ensuring all customer product and process quality requirements are met Responsible for driving a data-driven and structured problem-solving culture supporting a collaborative, continuously learning and improvement environment across all functions in the mill as well as external functions such as Customer Quality Engineering, Sales and Operations Planning, PROTEC, OP-EX, Process health, project management, Research, other mills, etc. Develops and leads strategic investment planning to drive alignment with the ASCE growth plan. a. Interfaces with Research, Customer Quality Engineers and managers, Marketing, Engineering, and the Strategic Investment Office (PMO) in the development of strategic investments in steel mill process enhancements and product development. b. Develops and leads short and long-term business plans and improvement projects to meet quality objectives internally and for external customer performance and market growth. Demonstrates leadership and individual accountability in supporting the creation and sustaining of a safe work environment for all employees. Supervises the managers of QA for the plant divisions ensuring continuous employee development through effective, ongoing feedback and by providing meaningful developmental opportunities. Develops standard quality assurance practices and policies and ensures their adherence. Coordinates all quality assurance activities within the Plant operating organizations. Prioritizes spending plan for mill and laboratory equipment required for quality assurance activities. Directs the quality interface with Operations, joint venture facilities, Processed Products, Customer Quality Engineering, Sales & Operations Planning, and Business Planning relative to plant quality performance issues, capability, and governance of quality criteria, including external certifications. EDUCATION, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Bachelor’s degree in chemical, mechanical, metallurgical or a closely related engineering field At least 10 years of quality assurance experience working in a heavy manufacturing environment Ability to solve complex problems without precedent, Six Sigma Black Belt Certified (ASQ or other)-preferred Broad technical knowledge of steel mill processes Strong knowledge of Automotive customers’ standards and their use of steel products as it applies to the quality requirements in steel making operations, including launching new products and change management. Broad understanding of cost of operations and impact of quality decision making In depth understanding of quality management systems, technical quality certification requirements and technical standards application Ability to effectively communicate at all levels of the organization internally, and with external customers and suppliers Understands the relevancy of Research and Development activities in the field of steelmaking and competitive environment and applies as necessary to quality business planning.