Who we are: Rover.com connects pet parents with the nation’s largest network of pet sitters and dog walkers. On Rover, pet parents can easily discover, book, and manage personalized care for their dogs including pet sitting, dog walking, and doggy day care. Founded in 2011 on the belief that everyone should have the opportunity to experience the unconditional love of a dog, Rover improves and simplifies life for pet parents and the dogs they love. We're headquartered in downtown Seattle. We're an agile, fast-growing startup, and our leadership comes from some of the country's most respected tech companies. Our Senior Leadership team has been recognized by Forbes, Seattle Business, and Geekwire. For the past three years we have been nominated as one of Seattle's "Best Places to Work" by Seattle Business Magazine, and celebrated awards in 2016 and 2017 by Seattle Met magazine and the Puget Sound Business Journal. We're also the recipient of World’s Most Dog-Friendly Offices in 2016 by Inc.com. Needless to say (but we're going to say it anyway)—we love dogs, and we wouldn't dream of going to work without them by our sides. Who we're looking for: We are looking for people who understand that behind every data point there is a pet and a pet person. When you develop and deploy an algorithm, you are not just producing a score or rule set, you are altering the customer experience and impacting the business in measurable ways. You should be excited to tackle a broad array of problems and work in a fast-paced, collaborative startup environment. What does Data Science mean at Rover? At Rover we obsess over our customers’ needs, relying heavily on data to improve the customer journey, and to continuously optimize outcomes in our marketplaces. Our entire organization is metric driven and underpinned by data science. Data scientists are responsible for defining the right metrics, understanding nuanced marketplace dynamics, and developing models and algorithms that power our business and technology. As a Data Scientist You Will: Identify opportunities to operate the marketplace more efficiently, working closely with business, product, and engineering leaders Build multivariate models to arrive at inferences or predict future behavior Develop algorithms that match owners with providers or solve other customer needs Design and analyze A/B user tests and marketplace experiments, often in partnership with product managers Deploy machine learning models at scale, writing production code in collaboration with machine learning platform engineers Your Toolset Includes: SQL Python or R Google Analytics or similar user funnel analytics tools Tableau, Looker, or similar data visualization tools Data-informed decision making with rigorous split testing. Integrated teams with developers, designers and analysts working side-by-side. Your Qualifications: B.S in a quantitative discipline required; advanced degree (MS or PhD) preferred Strong analytical, technical and coding skills Expertise in one or more core data science disciplines (e.g, supervised learning, machine learning, etc) Marketplace experience preferred Experience in online user testing preferred 2+ years of experience in a technical role Why We’ll Hire You: You are familiar with more than just the basics, and have more than cursory experience with at least sub-discipline in the broad field of data science. In other words, you know where the sharp edges are, and can lead decisions around what techniques are and are not appropriate to employ for particular classes of problem You’re a deeply analytical thinker who is passionate about finding structure in data, and using data to drive real value to the end user (and thus the business). You are passionate about our core business. You will instinctively dig into every aspect of what it means to be a dog sitter and a dog owner on the Rover platform. You can take abstractly defined problems and work with (imperfect) data to drive decisions You are a great partner to engineers and business owners alike You can pitch your own ideas and shepherd them through to completion You show a pattern of being self-started, self-taught and self-directed You favor open communication with willingness to ask and answer questions You are output- and outcome-oriented You have excellent written and verbal communication skills You play nicely with others (and dogs) Benefits of Working at Rover.com: Competitive compensation 401k Stock options 4 weeks paid time off Competitive benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance Commuter benefits Bring your dog to work (and unlimited puppy time) Doggy benefits, including $1,000 toward adopting your first dog Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats (for humans and dogs) Free catered lunches semi-monthly Regular team activities, including happy hours, snow tubing, game nights, and more 50 free dog walks a year This position is based at Rover HQ in Downtown Seattle. Competitive salary & benefits depending on experience. Candidates must be eligible to work in the US.