Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: Talent Management exists to improve organizational and leadership effectiveness, and to build workforce capabilities to substantially improve business performance and the quality of patient care. This is accomplished by effectively developing relevant and timely leadership and organizational interventions, and by leading and managing the end-to-end life cycle of a learning process to deliver the right training, to the right people, at the right time, in the right way, personalized and seamlessly. Your responsibilities include: Consulting with business and functional leadership to understand business problems and identify opportunities to enhance performance through training or other solutions. Anticipating future development needs based on business requirements and changes and forecast delivery needs. Working with HR Business Partners and clients on change management activities in a rapid paced environment with expansive growth. Helping train new managers on diversity and inclusion, employee relations, and performance management. Completing Team Launch curriculum with new and re-forming teams. Working with HRBPs to complete team interventions and increase team performance. Coaching and providing feedback on 360 instruments, Insights and other assessments as defined. Leading, managing and facilitating Talent Management courses and programs and learning solutions. Identifying and qualifying instructors, both internal and external. Continually evaluating instructor effectiveness. Leading, managing and/or supporting new programs in the Central Region. Designing and developing learning solutions. Collaborating with internal subject matter experts and/or cross-functional teams for content development. May also work to identify external programs, resources and vendors that specifically meet learning & development needs. Working with vendors to provide quality cost effective solutions. May lead and/or support negotiations of resources, schedules, contracts and fees for both internal and externally developed programs. Measuring learning program effectiveness; may design, implement, or support the development and use learning assessment methodologies and tools. Providing feedback into the Talent Management life cycle management processes. May lead, manage or participate on cross-functional or global Talent Management teams to continuously improve Talent Management processes. May be responsible for the end-to-end lifecycle management of a learning solution, project, program or set of programs. What we're looking for: Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree, (Masters preferred) Minimum of 5-7 years of learning & development experience Performance consulting experience Experience with class and team facilitation and interventions Understanding of diversity and inclusiveness in the workplace and learning styles Enthusiastic learner Designs innovative and creative content and delivery methods Passion for facilitating change in individuals, teams and organizations Demonstrates caring and respect in interactions Very strong organizational skills; able to prioritize multiple matters calmly and effectively Ability to work independently and take initiative where appropriate Strong collaboration skills to work team members, internal clients, stakeholders and management Ability to maintain confidentiality Desire to drive results and outcomes and is accountable About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 433259 Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Medical, Consulting, Medical Technology, Patient Care, Learning, Healthcare, Technology, Human Resources