Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. Our ability to deliver Operational Excellence means that we are always ready and able to help our clients address whatever challenges they face, wherever they are in the world. We also place great emphasis on understanding and meeting the needs and priorities of our clients, including their sustainability objectives. Atos wants to engage with students from different backgrounds, geographies and cultures, offering development opportunities to progress and shape the careers of the leaders of tomorrow. We are currently seeking college graduates from both Bachelor & Masters Graduate Programs to become part of our Digital Transformation community; designing & delivering the most innovative solutions to our clients implementing new & upcoming technologies in the areas of Public, Private & Hybrid Cloud, Digital Workplace & Transformations, Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence, SAP HANA, Codex and many other emerging domains. Job Summary: As a member of the Presales team, the college recruit will participate as an integral part of the pursuit team; engaging under the different Solution Architect & Solution Director roles in anticipation of identifying the best fit given skillset & areas of interest. The new recruit will act as the expert in projects across the solution lifecycle supporting mainly bids but key projects as well. The primary tasks for this role are: Deliver an end to end solution design including costing & migration, ensuring the IT Architecture solution aligns to the business requirements of the client in the most cost-effective and innovative manner. Validate the solution and its deliverability with the Atos organization and other 3rd parties where applicable. Become specialized in several aspects (technical, procedural, operational) in at least one Atos delivery domain such as Adaptive Workplace, Managed Infrastructure, Cloud Services, IOT, Machine Learning, Network & Communications, Applications Operations, Identity, Security & Risk Management, etc. Additional Tasks: Requirements Analysis: Participate in architectural requirements gathering sessions as it pertains to bid. Conduct gap analysis between client’s requirements and Atos offering capabilities. Develop the transformative storyboard translating client’s journey from Current Mode of Operation through Future Mode of Operation in alignment with the client’s business objectives Change Management: Assess impact of any changes of client requirements and impact to solution design throughout lifecycle of bid; ensure changes are mapped according to solution design and risk is documented. Remain current with new technologies and innovations and recommend new technologies when appropriate. Primary focus should be on integrating automation based on client’s requirements & budget allowance. Understand Atos’ offshore plans & strategies and implement accordingly in solution designs. Create and maintain vendor relationships to stay abreast of technology and maximize opportunities for utilizing these technologies and creating a competitive advantage. Procure costing information and quotes as necessary for the technical solutions designed. Contribute to technical presentations, Bill(s) of Material, and Scope of Work contracts for clients, partners and prospects. Assist in Support of Business Development opportunities as requested. Serve as the key interface to Service Delivery to assure solution acceptance. Key Relationships & Interfaces: Daily opportunity - centric leadership will come from Sales leads, Solution Directors, Finance Directors and Bid Managers. Expected to provide opportunity-centric Subject Matter Expertise within field of expertise to members of the solution and costing teams. Key focus is on developing credibility with clients in face-to-face situations; this is a client facing role. Establish good working relationships with all delivery contacts within area of focus Educational Background: College degree (Bachelor’s or higher) from accredited institutions in IT, Computer Science or relevant related field. Less than 3 years removed from college graduation Required Knowledge, Skills & Attributes: Maintain certifications relevant to job role Able to work independently and as part of a team applying knowledge, skills and expertise as needed Demonstrates strong communication and interpersonal skills. Plans and organizes own work accurately. Undertakes assignments in a systemic manner. Demonstrates ability to plan and manage complex projects from planning to execution. Applies quality standards to all tasks undertaken and ensures nothing is overlooked; attention to detail. Demonstrates ability to follow & comply with Atos governance policies & procedures. Strong aptitude in MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), Outlook, and database/collaboration type platforms. Detail oriented Flexible and able to multitask Ability to meet strict deadlines Ability to work well with people of varying backgrounds and disciplines. Proactive; self-starter Travel required: 50%