_Science and Technology on a Mission!_ For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place. We have an opening for a Windows Administrator to provide technical computer support for systems in a heterogeneous environment to solve a variety of complex technical problems in a timely manner. This position is in the Information Technology Operations (ITO) Division matrixed to the National Ignition Facility (NIF) Computer Support Unit (CSU) in the Computation Directorate. This position will be filled at either the 393.1 or 393.2 level depending on your qualifications. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if you are selected at the higher level. Essential Duties Support all aspects of systems administration for a large heterogeneous Windows server and network environment. Perform Windows installations, configurations, upgrades and ongoing maintenance activities on bare metal hardware and virtual environments, installation of software releases, patches of the operation system and utilities and third-party products. Support cross platform authentication and authorization in a data center hosting applications and services such as Active Directory, NIS, CIFS, and NFS. Collaborate with NIF’s cyber security officers to implement and maintain a secure, reliable, and available IT infrastructure, Collaborate with management, customers, and team members to resolve complex operational issues and recommend methods of improvement. Implement design improvements in collaboration with data scientists and infrastructure architects. Contribute to the fulfillment of technical projects, including technical computer security issues, policies, and procedures at the network and host level. Perform other duties as assigned. In Addition at the 393.2 level Manage multiple advanced parallel tasks and priorities of customers and stakeholders to ensure deadlines are met, while leveraging team member’s skills. Independently apply in-depth technical expertise to solve complex technical problems and solutions using judgment in determining methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria. Develop best practices and procedures to improve monitoring infrastructures services. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Administration with a concentration in Computer Information Systems, or related field, or the equivalent combination of education and related experience. Experience interacting with Computer security personnel to provide input to computer security plans, ensuring computer security compliance, monitoring systems for general health, security incidents, and other events, and developing security configurations that meet cyber requirements. Experience performing Windows system administration in a complex server environment, including installation, performance tuning, networking, security, troubleshooting, monitoring, backup/archiving and hardware replacement. Demonstrated analytical skills necessary to analyze moderately complex systems and networks. Experience with one or more of the following technologies: Tenable Security Scanner, Active Directory, NetApp, VMware, and/or Windows Operating Systems. Professional computer or network certification (e.g., MCSA, MCSE, CompTIA A+, ACSP, RedHat, CCNA). Experience providing effective customer support in a diverse user community with widely varying levels of computer literacy. Proficient verbal and written communication skills necessary to effectively collaborate in a team environment and present and explain technical information. In Addition at the 393.2 Level Demonstrated advanced analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills to develop creative solutions to complex problems. Advanced knowledge and significant experience in the above technical languages, concepts, or constructs. Advanced verbal and written communication skills necessary to effectively collaborate in a technical team environment to present, explain and provide advice to management. Pre-Employment Drug Test: External applicant(s) selected for this position will be required to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test. Security Clearance: This position requires an active Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level clearance or active Top Secret clearance issued by another U.S. government agency at time of hire. Note: This is a Career Indefinite position. Lab employees and external candidates may be considered for this position. About Us Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), located in the San Francisco Bay Area (East Bay), is a premier applied science laboratory that is part of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) within the Department of Energy (DOE). LLNL's mission is strengthening national security by developing and applying cutting-edge science, technology, and engineering that respond with vision, quality, integrity, and technical excellence to scientific issues of national importance. The Laboratory has a current annual budget of about $1.8 billion, employing approximately 6,500 employees. LLNL is an affirmative action/ equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.