Requisition Number: 68991 THIS IS NOT A CONTRACT ROLE AND NO VISA SPONSORSHIP WILL BE PROVIDED Manager of Marketing (Modeling) The Manager of Marketing Modeling primary purpose is solving business challenges and optimizing our Marketing Deck, and the business outcomes across a wide range of areas from demand generation to sales, and offering advanced analytical solutions for marketing tools optimization, and customers influenced outcomes. The Manager of Marketing Modeling will rely on his/her background and passion for Statistics, Modelling, and Optimization for rapid problem solving, developing and/or hacking POC solutions to test the validity of models and concepts, validation and verification of results, and working with extended team on BI and IT to build end-to-end data processing pipelines. In this business facing role, the Manager of Marketing Modeling the ability to translate complex concepts into more digestible terms, you’ll be managing stakeholder expectations during this process and helping to evangelize the power of data driven decisions. As a leader of the team, this role will mentor other team members, across technology and coding, algorithm selection and business acumen, keeping everyone focused on the business. He/She will also prepare trending reports and continually improve modeling systems in place today in order to deliver higher efficiency and increased ROI. This must be accomplished by partnering with a spectrum of teams from across the organization to ensure all relevant organizational goals and implications are appropriately considered. Furthermore, this role will be leading a young and eager team anxious to learn, grow and contribute their own modeling/optimizing skills to drive the business. Exceptional leadership skills, coaching and mentoring experience and proven skills to lead people are absolutely essential. What you’ll do: Identify, prioritize and drive projects for Marketing modeling solutions from concept to delivery Analyze social, digital and search data to help develop benchmarks, optimization strategies and recommendations. Partner with marketing team to evaluate business questions and propose analytical solutions that provide actionable insights on customer behavior and/or marketing efficacy Model social, digital and search data to help develop benchmarks, optimization strategies and recommendations. Recommend and execute analytic solutions that enable a more complete understanding of the impact of marketing on consideration, engagement and sales Work with Marketing analysts group to translate business requirements into a proposed solution, reviewing the design and requirements and build value added solutions Provide Marketing Data mining expertise in the development of data models, data warehousing, dashboards, reports and interactive self-service BI capabilities Work with Modeling Analysts to test solutions, ensuring that all solutions perform to expectations and meet all requirements for accuracy, clarity and ease of use Hands on development of analytical systems, strategies and best practices, production reports and database models Research issues and identify root cause of information issues and desired outcomes Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports Suggest data architecture strategies, principles, standards and frameworks; Analyze and evaluate tactical and/or strategic data architecture solutions to meet marketing requirements to support the business outcomes Use data to create models that depict trends in the customer behavior, mixing external data sources, leveraging information captured on Marketing stack. Work with marketing areas to outline the specific data needs for each business method analysis project Work with management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment Synthesize data from a variety of sources into actionable marketing plans at the department, campaign, channel, and tactical levels Work closely with Product Marketing and marketing teams to develop campaign strategy reporting methods and solutions. Stay current on all digital marketing technology and industry trends. Assist with special marketing projects as needed . High personal and professional integrity. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, agile environment in a state of continual change. Multi-tasking, time organization skills and resilience are a necessity. What we need: BS/BA in Business, Marketing or other related field, minimum 8+ years of experience in business intelligence and/or marketing analytics, process improvement, planning and managing various marketing initiatives along with the ability to work closely with senior management to interpret findings. Minimum of two (2) years of experience as a manager is required. 2+ years’ Data mining experience 4+ years in a data analyst role Ability to take big data sets and translate into simple, actionable insights. Knowledge of project management principles and practices a must. Experience working with multiple/complex marketing Stacks. Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team Experience developing and managing analytical reports for technical and non-technical audiences. Knowledge of modeling theory, R/SAS/Mintigo/Python/tensorflow environments Experience leveraging Machine Learning to solve problems (Classification, Regression, Random Forest, Clustering, Neural Networks, Decision Trees, Ensemble Models, NLP) Advance Understanding of CRM/Digital Marketing tools will be an asset Must possess a strong work ethic and be an enthusiastic team player. Self-starter with the ability to work collaboratively and meet deadlines. Excellent communications, conflict management, and negotiation skills. Involved with all organizations throughout the company. Must interface with multiple levels of management within Insight, manufacturer partners and customers. Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team Strong attention to detail The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Tempe || Arizona (US-AZ) || United States (US) || PMG-MKT || None || US - Tempe, AZ || LI-NM1