The MAX team mission is to grow the M365 business by intelligently connecting Office end-users, admins, and IT Pros to essential knowledge and expertise that enables them to achieve more. The team is uniquely positioned to support E+D’s core business goals by delivering content, help, and support experiences that drive engagement, satisfaction, and reduce support incidents. Building upon the need to scale our work through collaborative practices, the MAX team has become a center of innovation related to expert contributions, including those experts found within Gig platforms. This includes the development of never before seen practices, tools, and roles that accelerate modern methods of working benefiting MAX while laying the groundwork for accelerating broader Modern Work and Modern Life initiatives. The team is leading Microsoft’s effort on connecting ourselves, our customers, and our products to on-demand experts via the Gig economy. Ultimately, the engagement with our experiences and services drives satisfaction, and signals generated through these engagements drives product improvement and is a core source of data for improving automation and AI across E+D. To successfully deliver upon this mission and goals, the MAX team is in need of data science experts who are passionate and knowledgeable on driving critical insights across the end-user customer journey. A key focus is driving a true understanding of user intents and behaviors that educate and empower PMs, content professionals, engineers, and business leaders to take action from these insights. This work can range from measuring and optimizing self- help & training that drives product engagement, to intelligently mapping user intents to qualified experts (on-demand and asynchronously), identifying and developing skill based gig worker talent pools, identifying intent and skills gaps across apps and talent pools, and measuring the overall effectiveness of MAX and gig-related work. The role also includes supporting O365 and M365 NPS initiatives – a key focus of the broader Customer Success Engineering (CSE) org Responsibilities Develop insights that improve M365 product engagement & customer sat, reduce support incidents, and help pioneer modern Gig practices focused on intent and skills analysis Drive insights across the end-user customer journey Design, prototype, implement and test descriptive and predictive analytics models (includes user profile clustering and sequence mining to predict next best action, ML based intent analysis, etc) Develop operational models that run at scale thru partnership with data engineering teams Partner with others to identify and explore opportunities for the application of machine learning and predictive analysis Provide insights to support strategic decision-making, includes preparing and delivering insights and recommendations Qualifications A minimum of 5 years of relevant work experience in data-analysis related leadership roles Proven experience with sequence mining, user profile clustering, intent analysis, & recommendation systems Demonstrate strong communications and presentation skills, and the ability to work across teams, executives, and subject matter experts to drive results Able to break down complex business and technical problems into opportunities for analytical study. Extensive knowledge and experience in data science including expertise in one or more of: machine learning, big data/data mining, statistics, business/customer intelligence, data modeling, databases, data warehousing, bioinformatics, information theory, or a similar field Inherently curious, energized by large challenges, and interested in improving the customer experience on on a globally scaled business. Master’s degree or higher required; emphasis in Computer science, Data Science, Statistics, Physics, Computational Biology or Bioinformatics strongly preferred. Experience using at least one of the following technologies: R, Python, RapidMiner, SAS, SPSS, KNIME Tenacious problem solver that is comfortable with ambiguity Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.