Seattle,Washington,United States DFKDN2 Boeing Commercial Airplanes has multiple positions available for a Methods Process Analyst (Entry Level) in the Puget Sound area. These entry level Methods Process Analyst positions are available in the following cities: Auburn, Renton, Bothell, Everett, Tukwila, Seattle, Mukilteo, Kent, Bellevue or Puyallup. The final work location will be determined after the interview and selection process. Position Responsibilities: Conduct the analysis of current and future business environment using established guidelines. Develop the forecast, acquisition, and utilization plans to optimize resources in support of company initiatives and program business plans under the guidance of and in partnership with experienced analysts. Develop and maintain basic Business System factory definition to be used for manufacturing planning. Contribute to the development of labor hour estimates for new or revised production and tooling work packages under the guidance of and in partnership with experienced analysts. Monitor performance to established labor hour estimates. Under the guidance of and in partnership with experienced analysts, assist in the development of integrated tool and production master schedules by developing tool and position plan/documents, tool downtimes, rate flow plans, 1 flows, and tool sequencing plans to maximize the efficiency of equipment, material and personnel. Assist in the identification and implementation of improvements to processes by analyzing current processes and utilizing established improvement methodologies to maximize the efficiency of equipment and personnel and to support company improvement initiatives. Under the guidance of and in partnership with experienced analysts, analyze changes to approved plans resulting from unplanned events. Assess the impact of the changes that occur to cost, schedule, resources, and delivery. Develop modifications to existing plans and obtains approval. Participate in negotiations representing Production and Tooling Operations to support schedule commitments or statement of work impacts. Under the guidance of and in partnership with more experienced analysts, develop, implement, maintain, and status complex integrated shop operating plans to maximize the efficiency of equipment and personnel and to reduce inventory and meet cost and schedule commitments. Gather and analyze shop performance metrics in order to support a recommended plan of action for Production and Tooling Management. Relocation available based on eligibility. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Required Skills and Experience: Minimum Bachelor's Degree. Experience documenting and presenting analytical results Ability to walk, stand, and enter into aircraft via steps or ladders Desired Skills and Experience: Preferred candidate will have a Bachelors or Masters degree in any of the following: Aeronautics, Business Management, Business Administration, Industrial Technology, Operations Management, Industrial Engineering Technology, Manufacturing Engineering Technology, Economics, Finance, Construction Management, Supply Chain Management or Technical Management. Experience utilizing Microsoft Office Applications. Business processes experience. Preferred candidate will have a Bachelors degree and 3 to 5 years’ related work experience or Masters degree and 1 to 3 years’ related work experience. Preferred candidate will have experience in 3 or more of the following: Process Management, Process Measurement, Performance Metrics, Root Cause Analysis, Project Management, Lean Manufacturing, Manufacturing Operations (Support), Business Case Analysis, Forecast, Resource Scheduling, Operating Plans, Supply Chain and Manufacturing. Be able to interact with employees to gather data for process improvements. This may include observing and documenting processes, and collecting data in manufacturing areas or in aircraft during various production phases. Candidate may be in proximity to chemicals when observing/gathering data in an area in the factory where chemicals are in use. Typical Education / Experience: Bachelor's degree and typically 3 or more years' related work experience, a Master's degree and typically 1 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. No Manufacturing & Safety Individual Contributor Yes No Standard United States; The Boeing Company Bothell;Washington;United States~Kent;Washington;United States~Everett;Washington;United States~Bellevue;Washington;United States~Auburn;Washington;United States~Puyallup;Washington;United States~Renton;Washington;United States~Mukilteo;Washington;United States~Tukwila;Washington;United States~