- Good health care is key to a good life. At Banner Health, we understand that, and that’s why we work hard every day to make a difference in people’s lives. We’ve united under a common goal: Make health care easier, so life can be better. It’s a lofty goal, but it’s one we’re committed to seeing through. Do you like the idea of making a positive change in people’s lives – and your own? If so, this could be the perfect opportunity for you. Apply now. The IT Security Governance is one of six foundational pillars that makes up Banner’s Information Security Department. The Security Governance pillar is directly responsible for providing assurance that information security activities support business objectives; are consistent with regulatory and industry standards and best practices; adhere to enterprise policies and internal controls; and assign responsibility in an effort to manage enterprise risk. As an IT Security Consultant Governance , you would work with oversight committees and privacy, legal, and compliance stakeholders to develop enterprise-level information security compliance policies that address purpose, scope, and policy directives, monitor and analyze a register of legal, regulatory, industry, and contractual information security compliance requirements, work with the CISO and other Security Governance leaders to implement a strategy for addressing compliance requirements; provide periodic updates on information security compliance status, track, analyze, remediate, and report on outstanding information security audit findings, identify, monitor, resolve, and/or escalate information security compliance issues, conduct third party information security assessments and on-going third party assurance activities, including assessing outsourced information security activities; provide support for joint venture, merger and acquisition, and divestiture security assessments/reviews, and prepare metrics reports to provide to the CISO and executive management team and more. This is a full time, full benefited role with Banner Health. This is not a contract. Your pay and benefits (Total Rewards) are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life. - About Banner Health Corporate Within Banner Health Corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. We offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. Whether your background is in Human Resources, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Managed Care Programs or Public Relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position formulates and defines information security scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of applicable industry and regulatory requirements. Designs and implements complex network or application security architectures. Conducts security reviews and oversees any subsequent remediation projects generated from the review. Guides and advises less experienced peers. Competent to work at the highest practical understanding of most phases of information security analysis and design as it applies to current and future system requirements. Essential Functions Leads or participates in security reviews, evaluations, and risk assessments, developing and implementing appropriate recommendations. Leads or performs analysis of companys information security architecture, including hardware and software components, with the objective of standardizing security throughout our infrastructure. Responsible for designing various security architectures in accordance with accepted industry standards and subsequent implementation oversight. Participates in the ongoing evaluation and development of security policies and procedures. Leads the revision of policies and procedures, as needed. Responsible for providing technical expertise and support for security software, including operational aspects of the software. Responsible for mentoring junior members of the team and may supervise the work of the department in the absence of immediate supervisor. Responsible for providing guidance, direction, and oversight for companys compliance with all federal, state, and local mandated information security laws, rules, and guidelines. Remain current with the latest industry technical information. Serves as primary leader of information security projects, including the development of project scope requirements, budgeting, and project planning. Coordinates the handling of security incidents, recoveries, breaches, intrusions, and system abuses. Minimum Qualifications Must possess strong knowledge of business, information security and/or computer science as normally obtained through the completion of a bachelor's degree. Certification in one of the following areas within one year of entering the positionSystems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP), HealthCare Information Security & Privacy Practitioner, (HCISPP), Payment Card Industry Internal Security Assessor (PCI-ISA), CompTIA Security+, Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), or Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA). Must also possess 6 years experience in a healthcare environment or an equivalent combination of relevant education, technical, business and healthcare experience. Requires independent judgment, critical decision making, excellent analytical skills, with excellent verbal and written communications. Ability to think quickly under difficult or complex conditions and clearly communicate to appropriate staff; ability to balance project workloads with customer support and on-call demands. Must demonstrate general knowledge of information technology and information security principles and practices. Needs experience in small scale project planning and reporting either individually or in a team. Requires communication and presentation skills to engage technical and non-technical audiences. Requires ability to communicate, and interact across facilities and at various levels. Incumbent will have skills to mentor less experienced team members. As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required. Preferred Qualifications Additional related education and/or experience preferred.