Position Information Job Title Research Administrator Department Electrical and Computer Engineering Full Time/Part Time Full-Time Requisition Number S18494 Open Date 06/26/2018 Close Date Salary Information Salary Commensurate with Experience and Qualifications Work Schedule Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Benefits Eligible Yes Eligible for Overtime No Position Summary The Research Administrator is responsible leading and administering the pre- and post-award activities for ECE faculty, providing guidance and training to other ECE departmental research administrators, and serving as departmental reviewer for all grant submissions. S/he will serve as designated research administrator, handling the financial and administrative research processes for a designated group of ECE faculty members. This includes pre- and post- award activities and regular communications/meetings with faculty and staff and ethical management of funds. The Lead Research Administrator advises PIs on the most effective way to achieve an effective, quality proposal and coordinates a timely submission process, ensuring appropriate approvals. S/he serves in a compliance/oversight capacity by monitoring budgets and spending, approving capital equipment requisitions and by providing guidance and counsel for the stewardship of sponsored research funds. Education Required Bachelor's Degree Concentration / Degree Type Substitution for Education Requirement May substitute additional related experience, above and beyond what is required, on an equivalent year for year basis in lieu of the education requirement. Education Preferred Bachelor’s degree in business administration, accounting or finance. Experience Required 3 years Type of Experience Related administrative experience which includes some research administration experience (i.e grant proposal preparation and submission to various governmental agencies such as NSF, DOD, DOE, DARP, NIH etc.). Substitution for Experience Requirement May substitute additional related education, above and beyond what is required, on an equivalent year for year basis in lieu of the experience requirement. Experience Preferred Five years of experience utilizing an BBA or other business related degree in a corporate or higher education environment with proficiency in organizational financial management. Corporate or higher education management grants/contracts with federal/state agencies. Experience with university policies and procedures is highly desirable. License/Certification Required Not specified. License/Certification Preferred Not specified. Skills Required Intermediate knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet, email, and database software programs. Working knowledge of research administration guidelines, regulations, and policies. Organizational skills. Customer service. Problem-solving. Skills Preferred Well-organized, deadline oriented, ability to problem solve and work independently in a very fast pace environment. Utilization of database systems and software, spreadsheets (Excel), and strong written and verbal communication skills to write clear, concise correspondence on a wide range of topics. Internal / External Contacts Works with a wide variety of individuals at Rice, government, industry, external affiliates of the department, and other collaborating institutions. Physical Demands Must be able to work in an office environment, often at a computer workstation for much of the working day. Must be able to move between buildings widely separated on a college campus and up and down stairs. Requires long period of sitting and working in front of a computer – up to eight hours per day. Working Conditions May require long hours and availability outside normal working hours and on weekends on quarterly basis due to grant deadlines and/or work on major projects. The office environment is fast-paced and sometimes stressful due to interruptions that require successful candidate to be multi-tasking. Security Sensitive Yes