Company Description: Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage. Job Overview Sagence is looking for experienced MDM Developers to help us build and enhance our client’s data capabilities and create a competitive advantage. Listed below is an overview of the position requirements as well as the characteristics of our successful professionals. Requirements: Hands-on experience with Master & Reference data, systems, processing, integration, and management (understands data quality concerns with MDM) Ability to lead business & data analysis, requirements, and design of MDM solutions Strong data source analysis and data profiling skills Ability to propose DQ optimization rules to the business Proficient in configuration of IDQ rule sets including; data cleansing, parsing, standardization, validation, DQ exception monitoring/handling, etc. Expertise in customer and product data domains implementation Experience in design of staging, landing and target tables during ETL processing Ability to fine-tune and optimize MDM Hub performance Ability to mentor and perform knowledge transfer to support team Tools & Technology: Proficient at leveraging the tools and technology to drive value for our clients. Illustrative tools include the following; ETL implementation experience using Informatica Power Center, PL/SQL, T-SQL; Open Source ETL g. Talend ETL, Pentaho Kettle, Jaspersoft ETL Hands-on implementation experience of Informatica MDM (Multi-Domain Edition) version 10 Experience in MDM Hub Console and MDM Cloud based highly desired Configuration of Multiple hierarchies, Merge Rules, DB Schemas, Trust Informatica workflow manager for scheduling or integration with external scheduling tools like Control-M MDM Integration experience with the following tools: Informatica Power Center, Informatica Data Director, Message Queues, Informatica DQ module, external rules engine Consulting Acumen: Strong decision making, project management, and communication skills Demonstrated ability in engaging and communicating with stakeholders, across both business and technology functions Strong technical, strategic and business analysis skills with the ability to solve complex problems Industry Experience: Prior professional experience in a management consulting environment or client facing role is preferred, but not required Knowledge and experience working within Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Technology is preferred General: Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas. 2-3+ years of professional experience working in a related role Must be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitude Strong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative people Willingness to travel to client sites as needed Must reside in the Chicago or New York metropolitan area Our Culture: Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Founders and Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results. We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com