Supply Chain Specialist Temp to Hire Position The Supply Chain Specialist oversees activities related to the purchase of material, material control, inventory control, shipping/receiving, and stores functions. Corporate Mission Veridia Diagnostics combines the power of groundbreaking technology with the passion of its people to offer an exceptional solution for laboratory services that empowers physicians to deliver perfectly tailored patient care. Qualifications Minimum 5 years’ experience in inventory control mandatory. Bachelor's degree with a focus in Supply Chain/Logistics, Business, or Technical field is preferred. Certified in NaVision, SAP or other system preferred Data entry and analysis experience with Microsoft Navision database preferred. Understanding of budgeting and forecasting Knowledge of the diagnostic testing/pharmaceutical industry preferred Experience in QSR or ISO-13485 production environment. Able to use Microsoft Office applications to generate spreadsheet reports and word documents Able to lift 75 lbs. from floor to counter top. Capacity to work in a fast-paced, goal-oriented, team environment. Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to lead resolution of inventory issues effectively and efficiently across multiple operating departments. Must be capable of prioritizing multiple projects and meeting deadlines. Ability to implement processes resulting in positive audit outcomes. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Develop, implement, and maintain policies, procedures and material control systems Ensure materials are ordered and in stock to meet company requirements while maintaining acceptable inventory levels. Develop material schedules and coordinate the efficient movement of materials with purchasing, production and engineering. Adherence to standard operation procedures. Responsible for improving inventory accuracy within the channel by investigating discrepancies and performing a root cause analysis Review and plan requirements for purchasing materials. May prepare material requirement plans using enterprise resource planning systems. May assist with the establishment and maintenance of the production control system. Select, develop, and evaluate personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function. Collaborate with other managers to determine supply needs Purchase supplies and materials according to specifications Coordinate and supervise receiving and warehousing procedures Oversee distribution of supplies in the organization Control inventory levels and ensure availability of material during emergencies Maintain relationships and negotiate with suppliers Keep detailed records on procurement activity, materials quantity, specifications etc. Assist in forecasting to plan future orders Personal Characteristics: Excellent cross-functional team participation skills. Consistently displays a positive, patient attitude and extends respect and courtesy toward supervisors and peers alike. Highly organized and detail-oriented. Results and goals oriented. Excellent written and oral communications. Ability to work in a fast-paced and changing environment; flexible and quickly adaptable to changing priorities. Ability to inculcate our core values and serve as positive example to team members and others within the organization. Effective personal communication skills Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and as a member of a team. Veridia Diagnostics provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Veridia Diagnostics complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leave of absence, compensation, and training. Veridia Diagnostics expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Veridia Diagnostics’ employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.