SOLDER ASSEMBLER We are a company of innovators, game changers, and entrepreneurs. As a prime contractor, we provide a broad range of communication, electronic and sensor systems used on military and commercial platforms across the globe. We embrace innovative and progressive ideas to advance our products for military and commercial customers. Electronic Systems Segment (ESS) is one of four L3 business segments, and provides a broad range of aerospace systems, security and detection systems, and pilot training. Electronic Systems (ES) is one of four L3 business segments, and provides a broad range of components, products, subsystems, systems and related services for military and commercial customers. We are searching for a Solder Assembler for our Power Distribution - Philadelphia location. If you are a certified Electrician, experienced wireman or trained to perform soldering to the IPC 610 J STD-001 standard who meets the following required criteria, please apply. The candidate must pass or obtain solder certification. We offer a competitive benefits package and our Assemblers enjoy an environment free from the harsh elements. Under general direction of supervisor, perform a variety of mechanical, electromechanical, assemble all types of electronic assemblies, black boxes, and associated components. Utilize job orders, routings, bills of material, service reports, parts lists, sketches, assembly and detailed drawings, schematics, wiring diagrams, standard shop practices or verbal instructions for all operations Install, align and secure parts, sub-assemblies and other components including meters, relays, control switches, cradles, circuit breakers or any other related accessory devices Mount, align and secure electrical and mechanical apparatus and electrical devices required on individual jobs Trace circuits on wiring diagrams. Count wires and plan packs and locations. Use specified size and type of wire, solid color or color-coded; apply identification number bands (wire markers) and tags as required. Cut wires to length. Make mechanical or soldered connections. Follow torque requirements, review circuits and make continuity tests Apply insulation and tape up connection as required. Layout and mount equipment; if necessary, use portable power tools, fixtures and measurement devices where required. Clean equipment for shipment. Clean work area. Perform routine maintenance work when required Our Values are an integral part of who we are. We seek candidates who share our values: Integrity Excellence Accountability Respect Qualifications Preferred experience would include: Solder Certification, Basic Wiring and lugging, Technical Schooling / Read Wiring Diagrams High School Diploma, technical schooling preferred 2 Years of experience This is a bargaining-unit represented position; therefore, salary offered is in accordance with the Collective Bargaining Agreement. Starting rate is $20.30/hour with room for increase after successful completion of a 90-day probationary period. Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. SAVING LIVES AND MAKING THE WORLD A SAFER PLACE TO LIVE _L3 Technologies, Inc. is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. L3 provides equal employment opportunity for all persons, in all facets of employment. L3 maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre- employment substance abuse testing and background checks. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply for any open position for which they feel they are qualified and all will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic._ US Security Clearance Required : Other Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : No Organization : PD - Operations-20003427 Job Level : Individual Contributor Job Posting : Aug 7, 2018, 4:00:00 AM Job : Assembly