Overview At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. Perficient currently has a career opportunity for a Cloud Consultant to initially work on a long-term delivery initiative in the metro-Detroit market. Job Overview: As a Cloud Consultant you will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle which includes estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of application developed for our clients. As a member working in a team environment you will work with solution architects and developers on interpretation/translation of wireframes and creative designs into functional requirements, and subsequently into technical design. Responsibilities Lead the technical planning & requirements gathering phases including estimate, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver. Serve as a technical lead and mentor. Provide technical support or leadership in the development and continual improvement of service. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members. Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level. Qualifications Looking for an experienced Cloud Foundry developer with 2+ years of experience in Pivotal Cloud Foundry. 2+ years of experience working on Pivotal Cloud Foundry as a Platform 2+ Experience with IAAS providers (AWS, Vsphere etc.) including setup and configuration Experienced in application development for Cloud platforms using technologies like Java/J2EE, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Micro Services , REST and others Experienced in using Cloud Foundry (CF) CLI for deploying applications and other CF management activities Experienced in installing and troubleshooting CF installations on IAAS Complete understanding of CF Architecture (Diego Architecture), CF components and their functionalities Experienced in developing, deploying and troubleshooting CF applications and CF components Experienced in pair programming model Experienced in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment methodologies Experienced in using build and deployment tools like Maven, Gradle etc. PCF certification or any other Cloud platform certification will be a plus Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) Experience in Mobile Development - Android/iOS will be a big plus Passionate coders with 3-5 years of application development experience. Client facing or consulting experience highly preferred. Skilled problem solvers with the desire and proven ability to create innovative solutions. Client facing or consulting experience highly preferred. Skilled problem solvers with the desire and proven ability to create innovative solutions. Flexible and adaptable attitude, disciplined to manage multiple responsibilities and adjust to varied environments. Future technology leaders- dynamic individuals energized by fast paced personal and professional growth. Phenomenal communicators who can explain and present concepts to technical and non-technical audiences alike, including high level decision makers. Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable major. Solid foundation in Computer Science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design. Knowledge and experience in developing software using agile methodologies. Proficient in authoring, editing and presenting technical documents. Ability to communicate effectively via multiple channels (verbal, written, etc.) with technical and non-technical staff. Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work. More About Perficient Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P; SmallCap 600 index. _Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _Disclaimer:_ _The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time._ _LI-JS1_