Summary: The Analytic Consulting Group partners with internal and external clients and data providers to support large-scale direct marketing programs for Fortune 500 clients. These programs span multiple channels – direct mail, email, and digital. The director level role serves as the day-to-day, client-facing lead for supporting the information needs of clients (internal and external) – campaign results reporting, program dashboards, insights generation, and strategic impacts of various marketing factors. Effectively communicating concepts, results, actionable insights, and strategic ideas both verbally and via PowerPoint is essential. Responsibilities: Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to understand the client’s business situation and develop data driven insights that can be understood and implemented to help optimize ongoing marketing programs. Provide direction and oversight to the development of appropriate support-related processes – results reporting, test results, dashboards, performance forecasts. Be a thought leader for innovative use of information that will lead to more optimized marketing strategy and program performance. Think creatively for development of information-based solutions to marketing optimization, and be able to effectively plan and oversee these through to completion – both large and small solutions. Collaborate with internal data teams and external vendors to assert control of data and reporting related processes, identifying issues and opportunities where appropriate, and maintaining continued progress in these areas. Formulate actionable insights, championing and driving insights into action via an effective approach to communicating these – both verbally and through PowerPoint High level of competency required for development of visual content – PowerPoint slides, charts, dashboards. Exceptional creativity and standards for visual presentation of results, insights, and ideas. Desired Qualifications: Masters degree or higher in a quantitative discipline Expert level knowledge of direct marketing strategy and elements needed to support marketing programs A minimum of 8 years professional experience with use of information to support marketing programs – for analysis, results reporting, campaign management, and insights A minimum of 5 years proven managerial or supervisory experience Demonstrated expertise managing and delivering a wide variety of information-based support to internal and external stakeholders Solid planning, priority setting, and project management skills with experience managing multiple projects and resources concurrently Demonstrated experience influencing a business or marketing strategy through the application and/or management of advanced statistical techniques and data driven solutions Excellent verbal and written communication skills and good at developing relationships across diverse teams (including statistical, technical, and marketing resources) Expert-level ability to create impactful presentations in PowerPoint that are visually effective and provide value to our support of client marketing programs Highly motivated, collaborative, and innovative High level of ownership and accountability for work that the team delivers Knowledge of data manipulation tools – SAS, SQL, etc., as well as advanced abilities with Excel (pivot tables, advanced charting, lookups, etc.) Working ability with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlik Sense, Power BI, Sisense BI, Domo, etc., for dashboarding and ongoing information visualization Expertise with statistical concepts related to direct marketing – sample size determination in testing, significance testing, use of predictive models, profiling Proven expertise supporting or directing audience-focused marketing (journey marketing) and marketing transformation (from one size fits all to more personalized communications, including the use of new technology to facilitate Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. Great People , Deserve Great Benefits We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career. From tuition reimbursement to scholarship programs to employee stock purchase plans and 401(k)s, we offer associates a variety of benefits that work as hard for them as they work for us. About Epsilon Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant, is a leader in personalized digital advertising and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ Affiliate, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data compnay, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Alliance Data provides equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. For San Francisco Bay Area : Alliance Data will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 - 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance Alliance Data is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Alliance Data will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process. Any applicant offered employment will be required to establish that they are legally authorized to work in the United States for Alliance Data. Alliance Data participates in E-Verify. Alliance Data will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal and credit histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. LI-BW1 Primary Location: USA - United States-3120 - Texas-41418 - Irving-73-Irving (DAL), TX - 6021 Work Locations: 73-Irving (DAL), TX - 6021 Irving 75039 Job: Consulting & Analytics Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Aug 1, 2018, 9:00:52 AM Division: Epsilon RI: BLW