Universal Avionics Systems Corporation, an industry leader in avionics systems technology is looking for a Senior Systems and Network Administrator for our Northwest Engineering Division located in Redmond, WA. The ideal candidate will have strong customer service skills and working knowledge of various local/networked computers and equipment. You will be joining a highly energetic and highly capable team of various engineering disciplines that pioneer and maintain the Universal Avionics product lines. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Maintain, troubleshoot and administer Windows-based servers (Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, SQL, IIS), various application servers, VMware servers, and Office 365 environment. Maintain, troubleshoot and administer network equipment (switches, routers, firewalls), wireless access points, VPN endpoints, and Avaya/Skype phone systems. Maintain, support and administer data/telecommunications services including: Internet service, WAN connections, local and long-distance telephone services, and wireless phone service. Install, configure, and upgrade server systems and network equipment. Update and patch applications, servers, and network equipment to provide stable and secure operations. Evaluates server and network systems against requirements and makes recommendations. Monitor server, network, power, environmental, and data service systems to deliver required operational uptime. Ensure that service interruptions are resolved in a manner which meets departmental and contractual standards. This position is on-call 24/7 for system-down emergencies. Communicates and coordinates scheduled downtime with users. Provide regular communication to impacted parties during an outage. Supervise, train, and mentor IT Support Specialist staff to develop their technical and customer support skills. Resolves escalated technical issues from IT Support Specialists. Ensure that site data is consistently backed up and sent offsite. Perform data restore testing and restore operational data as required. Maintain and update documentation for operational systems and processes. Coordinate disaster recovery testing and lead recovery efforts when necessary. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in related field preferred. 5-7 years’ related experience and/or training; or equivalent to combination of education and experience. Demonstrates strong customer service and empathy skills. Known principles in networking operations/equipment and ability to work with customers to identify needs. Strong verbal and written interpersonal communication skills, attention to detail, as well as a firm commitment to service. Required Skills Required Experience