Here @ Strata… We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading. We look for someone who: Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community. Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources). Rocks Impact : Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference. Will be a StrataPro: Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another. What you’ll do in this role: As a Big Data Architect, you will have the opportunity to build technical infrastructures that will help many of the nation’s leading healthcare providers in utilizing their financial, operational, and clinical data to drive their mission of providing world-class care, while improving their financial health. You will be a player coach who will not only architect solutions, but will be hands on building them as well. Participate in the full life-cycle of development, from definition, design, implementation, and testing. Advise CTO, CEO, CFO, and VP of Product on what technology best fits business needs. Evaluate Big Data tools and frameworks as to their ability to provide needed functionality. Be an advocate for developing best practices in the organization, and bring in knowledge of new technologies to the team. Be accountable for outcomes of major technology initiatives. Help design engineering processes that ensure highly reliable deployment of solutions. Give technical presentations to both development, product, and leadership teams. Work on building proof of concept architectures that have an eye towards production. Architect and build large distributed systems that scale well. Design big data architectures that integrate well into our existing data platform. Support business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed. Develop training guidelines for cross training team members on new technologies. Develop tools and utilities to maintain high system availability, monitor data quality, and provide statistics. Develop an understanding of healthcare & finance terminology and workflows. Your accomplishments include: 10+ Years of experience as a software engineer Experience with SaaS/Cloud based offerings/products Strong understanding of ETL processes and data flow architectures and tools Solid background in technical field Being a team player Have designed and built a scalable big data infrastructure that has been in use for several years Experience designing decoupled, API based infrastructures Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles Experience designing ETL processes and data flow architectures and tools Experience designing tools for technical teams Intermediate to advanced knowledge of SQL or other relational databases Intermediate to advanced knowledge in Unix and Linux command line tools Experience designing architectures that have to work in a highly regulated industry (healthcare or finance preferred). Experience designing architectures that can incorporate data from multiple data sources Experience educating other team members on a technology stack