Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. Google Cloud Platform is changing the way the world uses cloud computing by exposing our best-in-class infrastructure to companies of all sizes, everywhere. As a member of the Pricing team, you will work with Product Managers and Sales teams to help define pricing models and to evaluate our public prices, discounting frameworks and packaging options for our entire product portfolio. We’re looking for people with excellent analytical skills and the ability to lead projects independently from start to finish. If you’re interested in creating innovative ways for customers to buy cloud products and have fun as part of a growing business at the same time as well, come join us! Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Lead the pricing analysis for new products, by working alongside Product Managers. Develop a pricing strategy, structure and a public price list. Structure and price agreements in close collaboration with Product Management, Sales and Cloud leadership teams. Guide decisions on product pricing and deal pricing decisions through rigorous data analysis and forecasting. Provide insights to the business through analysis of competitive pricing, packaging or bundling strategies and customer buying patterns. Lead ad hoc quantitative analysis and research deep dives. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in a Quantitate or Business field, or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of working experience in an analytical role. Preferred qualifications: MBA, Master's degree or PhD in a Quantitive or Business related field. 4 years of working experience in an analytical role, with proficiency in Dremel, SQL and Spreadsheet modeling. Experience with visualization tools (e.g Duplos, Tableau), pricing and/or business strategy. Effective problem-solving, statistical and business judgment skills, with the ability to translate quantitative analysis into a business recommendations. Excellent project management, presentation and communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.