Primary Function: To cultivate a dedicated, capable volunteer community that is meaningfully engaged in achieving the mission of Animal Humane Society. Essential Responsibilities: Participate in designing, planning and implementing recruitment strategies to engage volunteers as needed at Animal Humane Society. Receive and review applications, conduct interviews as needed, which can include evenings and weekends, select which candidates to engage and make good matches between applicant’s skills and volunteer role needs. Schedule high quality online and in-person training for all volunteers. Actively communicate with site volunteers to provide protocol updates, program changes, AHS news or other pertinent information. Address and resolve volunteer questions, concerns, complaints and/or additional training needs. Provide constructive and positive feedback to volunteers. Lead corrective action if issues arise with individual volunteer performance that is not able to be resolved by the departmental lead or supervisor. Work with staff to guide development of new volunteer roles that will meaningfully engage volunteers in mission related work as new programs and needs arise. Maintain volunteer files, statistics and database for tracking all activities within the volunteer program areas. Ensure site volunteers are accurately tracked within all systems. Monitor volunteer attendance to ensure compliance with policy; work with volunteers where problem areas are identified Oversee site volunteer program supply needs. Ensure volunteer information and supply areas have up to date information, are clean, organized and well stocked. Support and promote meaningful recognition and appreciation programs and actions for volunteers. Support and promote the development of a strong, positive staff and volunteer working relationship that utilizes and values collaboration and teamwork. Maintain a presence and create a connection with volunteers as their liaison and advocate through personal contact. Personal contact will include a minimum of 2 hours per month in shelter during evening or weekend shifts in order to greet and be available to volunteers. Attend regular meetings of the Volunteer Services team at the Golden Valley location. Work with other volunteer services staff on the continued maintenance, development and expansion of the volunteer program at AHS. Monthly one on one meeting with Site Manager. Play a role in volunteer recruitment and management for AHS special events as needed. Participate on AHS committees as appropriate and assigned, including participation in the Supervisors Team. Be familiar with day to day aspects of site operations and the job requirements of staff in order to understand volunteer participation in programs and answer or refer questions to others appropriately. Other duties as assigned Qualifications: Associates degree or equivalent from a two year college or technical school and one year volunteer management experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred candidates will have a four year college degree. Computer proficiency Excellent organizational and communications skills Strong administrative and process management skills Ability to multitask numerous projects at one time Ability to effectively work with diverse groups of individuals Must be able to handle the emotional aspect of work in an animal shelter environment, including the use of euthanasia Work Environment: Primarily office/desk-based Adjacent animal shelter areas may be humid, noisy, or odorous _This position description is intended to describe the general content and/or requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements._