Job Description: Reporter, WSJ Pro Artificial Intelligence WSJ Pro, the unit of the Wall Street Journal that provides specialized news, analysis and data for professional audiences, seeks a reporter to focus on one of the hottest areas of technological change: artificial intelligence. As investments in AI technologies rise dramatically in the coming years, business practices will be transformed. WSJ Pro Artificial Intelligence will serve executives who need to understand how those technologies can enable their businesses and be effectively implemented. The reporter in this position would cover artificial intelligence through a business lens, reporting and analyzing how companies are adopting AI into their business strategies, how they're putting these technologies into operation, how AI is changing business practices and industries, and what challenges companies are finding. We're looking for an enterprising journalist who is bursting with ideas, energetic in seeking new sources, and able to thrive in a collaborative team environment. This reporter should be a business journalist with experience covering AI or technology more broadly. The ability to write clearly and concisely about complex topics for a business-minded audience is a must. LI-JA1-WSJ Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: NEWS/WSJ About Us The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. The Wall Street Journal engages readers across print, digital, mobile, social, and video. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. and world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 36 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com Job _Req_ 13011