Introduction THIS IS A NEW ASSEMBLED EXAMINATION. The eligible list resulting from this examination will cancel any existing list and may last approximately one year, but can be extended. Applications must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. _Applications will only be accepted online._ Supplemental Questionnaire : A properly completed Supplemental Questionnaire must be submitted with each application. Applications and Supplemental Questionnaires must be in the possession of the Human Resource Services Department by 5:00 p.m. on the Last Day for Filing. Failure to submit the Application or Supplemental Questionnaire will result in disqualification. DESCRIPTION EXISTING VACANCIES While the immediate vacancies for this position are currently located with the Alameda County Probation Department, Alameda County Library, and the Alameda County Auditor-Controller Agency, the eligible list resulting from this recruitment and selection process may be utilized for other future vacancies which may arise within the next year for these and other Alameda County departments and agencies. THE POSITION Under general supervision, assists in planning, configuring, installing, troubleshooting and supporting agency/departmental Local Area Networks (LANs), Wide Area Networks (WANs) and other computer systems and related equipment; provides consultation to departmental support staff and management on hardware and software issues; and performs related duties as required. For more detailed information about the job classification including example of duties, visit: Information Systems Specialist (0416) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS The equivalent of one year of full-time experience in developing and maintaining information technology systems including LAN/WAN systems. NOTE: The Civil Service Commission may modify the above Minimum Qualifications in the announcement of an examination. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS The most suitably qualified candidates will possess the following competencies: Knowledge of: Modern computer technology to develop, administer and maintain computers and network systems. Information technology concepts. Methodologies for analyzing systems, procedures and workflow. Office software applications. Functions and capabilities of database systems. World Wide Web technology. Network infrastructure technology. Ability to: Function as system administrator. Maintain existing office software applications. Make effective decisions. Plan and organize. Identify and correct problems with computers and related equipment. Analyze problems related to database design, system interactions and cross platform issues. Prepare and maintain documentation, records and logs. Communicate effectively both orally and in writing. EXAMINATION COMPONENTS The examination will consist of the following steps: 1) A review of candidates' applications to verify possession of minimum requirements. Those candidates who possess the minimum requirements for the class will move on to the next step in the examination process. 2) A review of candidates’ Supplemental Questionnaires to select the best qualified applicants to continue in the process. 3) An oral interview which will be weighted as 100% of the candidate's final examination score. The oral interview may contain situational exercises. CANDIDATES MUST ATTAIN A QUALIFYING RATING ON EACH PORTION OF THIS EXAMINATION. We reserve the right to make changes to the announced examination components. Alameda County utilizes a Civil Service Selection System founded on merit. Such a system is competitive and based on broad recruitment efforts and equal opportunity for qualified applicants to test in an examination process designed to determine the qualifications, fitness and ability of competitors to perform duties of the vacant position. Many of our recruitments are targeted and specific to the needs of a current vacant position, in which case, the eligible list may be exclusively used for that current vacant position. Other recruitments may be more broadly used for both current and future vacancies, or for other alternate jobs with comparable scopes of work. To learn more about our recruitment and selection process, please visit the “What You Need to Know” section of our website, www.acgov.org/hrs. Selection Plan Applicants will be informed via email with reasonable notice in advance of any examination process which will require their attendance. The following dates are tentative and subject to change based on the needs of the Agency: TENTATIVE SELECTION PLAN Deadline for Filing: Monday, August 13, 2018 at 5:00 PM Review of Applications for Minimum Qualifications: Monday, August 27, 2018 Supplemental Questionnaire Review for Best Qualified Monday, September 10, 2018 Oral Interviews Week of October 1, 2018 WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE ANNOUNCED RECRUITMENT & SELECTION PLAN Alameda County and the Human Resource Services Department will make reasonable efforts in the examination and/or selection process to accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities and/or medical conditions in accordance/compliance with the State Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA), Federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Alameda County’s Reasonable Accommodation Policy and applicable statutes. To request an accommodation due to a disability/medical condition during this or other phases of the examination/selection process, please contact the assigned Human Resources Representative listed on the job announcement _before the last date of_ _filing_. Alameda County requires applicants to provide supporting documentation to substantiate a request for reasonable accommodation. In order to qualify for a reasonable accommodation, applicants must have a disability/medical condition pursuant to the ADA, FEHA and applicable statutes. For more information regarding our Reasonable Accommodation procedures, please visit our website: www.acgov.org/hrs BENEFITS Alameda County offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package that affords wide-ranging health care options to meet the different needs of a diverse workforce and their families. We also sponsor many different employee discount, fitness and health screening programs focused on overall well being. These benefits include but are not limited to: For your Health & Well-Being Medical – HMO & PPO Plans Dental – HMO & PPO Plans Vision or Vision Reimbursement Share the Savings Basic Life Insurance Supplemental Life Insurance (with optional dependent coverage for eligible employees) Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance County Allowance Credit Flexible Spending Accounts - Health FSA, Dependent Care and Adoption Assistance Short-Term Disability Insurance Long-Term Disability Insurance Voluntary Benefits - Accident Insurance, Critical Illness, Hospital Indemnity and Legal Services Employee Assistance Program For your Financial Future Retirement Plan - (Defined Benefit Pension Plan) Deferred Compensation Plan (457 Plan or Roth Plan) For your Work/Life Balance 11 paid holidays Floating Holidays Vacation and sick leave accrual Vacation purchase program Management Paid Leave Catastrophic Sick Leave Employee Mortgage Loan Program Group Auto/Home Insurance Pet Insurance Commuter Benefits Program Guaranteed Ride Home Employee Wellness Program (e.g. At Work Fitness, Incentive Based Programs, Gym Membership Discounts) Employee Discount Program (e.g. theme parks, cell phone, etc.) Child Care Resources 1st United Services Credit Union Eligibility is determined by Alameda County and offerings may vary by collective bargaining agreement. This provides a brief summary of the