FLSA Status : Exempt Department : Finance Reports To: Director, Health Care Economics GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF POSITION The Manager of Health Care Analytics is responsible for providing timely, accurate and meaningful data reporting and analyses to support the management of the business, driving continuous improvements, and effectively leveraging data to improve performance. In addition, the incumbent is responsible for leading financial and medical management analyses, including macro and micro views of revenue, cost and utilization drivers as well as root cause analyses. The Manager of Health Care Analytics is also responsible for effectively leading and managing a staff (which provides analytical support to relevant departments) and providing proactive guidance and support for operational and financial analysis. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty listed below satisfactorily. Conduct analyses and effectively present data to key stakeholders (internally and externally) regarding financial and clinical outcomes, supporting a decision process strengthened by data analytics. This includes leading management, regulators, or staff through the analytic process and translating analytic insight into business value and ongoing management capabilities. Effectively collaborate within the organization to distill information into key actionable items supporting organizational goals and objectives. Conduct analyses and effectively present data to key stakeholders (internally and externally) regarding financial and clinical outcomes, supporting a decision process strengthened by data analytics. This includes leading management, regulators, or staff through the analytic process and translating analytic insight into business value and ongoing management capabilities. Effectively collaborate within the organization to distill information into key actionable items supporting organizational goals and objectives. Maintain and establish an understanding between and among departments (Finance, IT, Medical Management, Operations) regarding clinical and business analytics. Review, evaluate and improve organizational business logic and data sources; ensure timely creation of management reports; ensure data integrity. Participate in the data governance processes. This includes defining data definitions, standardizing metrics, reporting conventions and analysis priorities. Provide recommendations regarding upgrades, additions, and improvements to Business Intelligence (BI) tools. Identify, track, analyze and report performance measurements and benchmarking of business operations in relation to best business practices for the healthcare service industry and internal business objectives. Lead and facilitate multi-departmental projects by providing direction for project framing, organization, success measurement, business case analysis, implementation and outcome measurement. Identify issues, trends, and opportunities to improve efficiency and/or quality, or to better assist departments, as well as general departmental questions/concerns; provide supporting analysis and recommendations. Understand and track applicable regulatory and reporting requirements. Ensure accuracy and regulatory compliance for all materials or documents. Attend off site meetings or events. Perform other related duties as required or assigned. SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT RESPONSBILITIES Carries out supervisory/management responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies, procedures, applicable regulations and laws. Responsibilities include: Recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Developing a high performing department culture and staff. This includes setting the standard for staff/peers and motivating employees to maximize organizational goals and objectives. Effectively assimilating, training and mentoring staff and (when appropriate), cross training existing staff and initiating retraining. This includes coaching to help increase skills, knowledge and (if applicable) improve performance. Setting goals and planning, assigning, and directing work consistent with said goals. This includes responding to employees’ needs, ensuring they have the necessary resources to do their work. Appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining employees, addressing complaints and resolving issues. This includes providing regular and effective feedback to employees and completing timely and objective performance reviews. REQUIREMENTS – Required (R) Desired (D) The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required or desired. Bachelor’s Degree in Finance or related field. (R) Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA) or related field. (D) Knowledge of the competitive marketplace and ability to understand, interpret, and apply applicable regulatory requirements. (R) Minimum five years of progressively responsible and direct work experience with the duties and responsibilities described above, including the supervisory/management responsibilities. (R) Advanced experience working with large data bases and manipulating large sets of data. (R) Ability to drive analytic and improvement programs. (R) Ability to effectively facilitate meetings and deliver information/presentations to management, regulators, or staff. (R) Ability to understand health care and managed care processes, data, systems, and applications for claims payment, enrollment, benefit design, product pricing, network and provider contracting, and medical management. (R) Ability to direct and manage large-scale, complex, cross-functional, multi-departmental projects to completion with minimum supervision (R) Ability to think creatively and work strategically, to help drive innovative solutions yielding measurable results to the organization. (R) Ability to gather and analyze data, organize and write reports, and organize work efficiently. (R) Advanced working knowledge and proficient with Microsoft Office suite applications and the ability to effectively operate all applicable software. (R) Excellent communication skills including the ability to express oneself clearly and concisely when providing service to SCFHP internal departments and outside entities over the telephone, in person or in writing. (R) Ability to assume responsibility and exercise good judgment when making decisions within the scope of the position. (R) Ability to maintain confidentiality. (R) Ability to comply with all SCFHP policies and procedures. (R) Ability to perform the job safely with respect to others, to property, and to individual safety. (R) Maintenance of a valid California driver’s license and acceptable driving record, in order to drive to and from offsite meetings or events; or ability to use other means of transportation to attend offsite meetings or events. (R) WORKING CONDITIONS Generally, duties are primarily performed in an office environment while sitting or standing at a desk. Incumbents are subject to regular contact with co-workers, managers, external partners, and vendors in person, by telephone and via work-related electronic communications. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Incumbents must be able to perform the essential functions of this job, with or without reasonable accommodation. Mobility Requirements: regular bending at the waist, and reaching overhead, above the shoulders and horizontally, to retrieve and store files and supplies; and sit or stand for extended periods of time. (R) Lifting Requirements: regularly lift and carry files, notebooks, and office supplies that may weigh up to 5 pounds. (R) Visual Requirements: ability to read information in printed materials and on a computer screen; perform close-up work; clarity of vision is required at 20 inches or less. (R) Dexterity Requirements: regular use of hands, wrists, and finger movements; ability to perform repetitive motion (keyboard); writing (note-taking); ability to operate a computer keyboard and other office equipment. (R) Hearing/Talking Requirements: ability to hear normal speech, hear and talk to exchange information in person and on telephone. (R) Reasoning Requirements: ability to think and work effectively under pressure; ability to effectively serve customers; decision making, maintain a concentrated level of attention to information communicated in person, by telephone, and electronically throughout a typical workday; attention to detail. (R) ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS General office conditions. May be exposed to moderate noise levels. EOE