This position is for an environmental indoor building inspector. The majority of these inspections will be performed to determine the presence of mold contamination in residential or commercial buildings. This position would require you to inspect living spaces for mold, or other contaminates, and collect samples at each property. We prefer that our inspectors have a good understanding of buildings and how they are constructed. Applicants should have experience in one or more of the following: Construction Home Inspecting Mold / Environmental Inspection or Testing Real Estate Appraisals Architect/ Engineering Pest Inspections Drive Times: Typically our inspectors will go to 3 or 4 properties each day. These properties will be located within 2 hours of your residence. The times and exact locations of these properties and daily drive times will vary each day. You should be prepared to drive 1 to 5 hours each day. (Drive times and inspection locations will be within 2 hours of your home) You will be using your personal vehicle to go to these inspections. Full time: Our inspectors should be considered on-call, as we will book inspections for you, Monday- Friday from 8am to 5pm. On average, our inspectors work 4 to 5 days a week, performing 3 to 4 inspections per day. The exact amount fluctuates due to a variety of factors but this is our average. Anyone considering entering this position does need to be available to perform inspections Monday- Friday from 8am to 5pm with short notice. Physical Requirements: To be able to perform the duties of the job applicants need to be physically fit. This position requires physical inspection of buildings, you will be required to: Inspect attics / crawlspaces (This is not frequent but you must be able to enter and move around in small spaces) Climb ladders Kneel down and reach into far back corners of cabinets Computer Literacy: Our inspectors will be required to have and utilize email, Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel. Various reports will need to be filled out in these programs and emailed. Compensation: You will receive a percentage of every inspection performed. This will equate to approximately $50,000 to $80,000 annually depending on the market. This position is an independent contractor position (1099). You will not be hired as an employee. You will sign several agreements to become a Network Partener with Environmental Services. Training: This position will require you to be able to properly perform inspections. Before you can begin you must show us that you are capable of performing inspections to our standards. This will require approximately 4-5 days of online training and 2-3 days of training in the field performing inspections. Please complete the questionnaire and quiz below before submitting your application. If you have any questions on the position or training process please email projectshiring@envirocsm.com