Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; Irvine, CA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA As an Infrastructure Cloud Consultant, you will work directly with Google’s most strategic customers on critical projects to help transform businesses. You will provide project management, consulting, and technical aptitude to customer and partner engagements, while working with client executives and key technical leaders to deploy solutions in Google Cloud Platform. An Infrastructure Consultant can span multiple disciplines, as they traverses different customer environments. We are looking for generalists, with expertise in one or more of the following: DevOps, Security, Compute / Storage, Data, Hadoop, Containers, SAP, IoT, and Site Reliability Engineering. Upon completion of engagements, you will scale best practices. You commit to open source, authoring blog posts and articles and speaking at conferences. You have a diverse background in technical areas such as system architecture, software development, infrastructure migration, and deployment strategies. You know how to navigate ambiguity, enjoy helping customers, and be able to work in a diverse and distributed team. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Interact with sales/partner leads and technical stakeholders to translate complex customer requirements into recommendations for solution architectures and consulting services. Work with a team of technical consultants, provide a point of escalation for customer inquiries, coach and grow team members' skills in consulting delivery. Work with customer technical leads, client executives, and partners to manage and deliver migrations to cloud solutions. Work closely with Product and Engineering teams to package best practices and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies and published assets. Understand and clearly articulate customer needs, and help shape Google’s long-term product strategy; be an advocate of Google’s “product innovation story”. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a technical or engineering field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant experience building supporting, or migrating applications (includes Cloud Technical Program Management and/or Cloud Solution Architecture experience and managing the process from inception to completion). Experience reading software code in one or more languages such as Java, JavaScript and Python. Ability to travel up to 30% of the time. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in a technical or engineering field. 10 years of experience in software systems design, with experience in architecting distributed systems. Experience in architecting, developing and/or maintaining production-grade systems. Experience in virtualization, multi-tenant cloud infrastructures, storage systems and content delivery networks. Deep understanding of the current state infrastructure automation, continuous integration/deployment, SQL/NoSQL, containers, security, networking, and cloud-based delivery models. Excellent project management, presentation and communication skills, with the ability to translate business requirements into technology solution. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.