Wizards of the Coast, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc., and the world's largest publisher of adventure games, including Magic: The Gathering® Trading Card Game and Dungeons & Dragons® Roleplaying Games has an exciting opportunity for an Engineer to join our Digital Publishing team. WHAT IS THIS ROLE ALL ABOUT? As a Mid-Level Engineer , you will develop services and SDKs to enable our publishing partners to create connected experiences for our players. You will work with developers who are building online games, supporting both client SDKs (currently Unity) and diverse server technologies. Be prepared to be challenged by the team and be prepared to challenge the rest of the team. You will be working in an agile environment that promotes freedom of thought and rewards innovative ideas and creative solutions. Come join us! AM I QUALIFIED? You continually improve your skills and stay abreast of new technologies. You have familiarity with available concepts and patterns, and acquire an understanding of the tools you use every day. You thrive in a fast paced environment where you can work on a wide variety of technologies and applications. You do your best work when you get to own the product from elaborating on needs with the customer to automating the deployment of the application. You are experienced with at least one major public cloud. You strive to build the simplest solution possible for the task at hand. Knowledge, Abilities and Characteristics of the Ideal Wizard: We are using Kubernetes, Docker, Go, .NET Core and AWS. Experience with those is excellent. Familiarity is a plus. Experience with at least similar technology is necessary. Works with product owners and technical producers to develop specifications. Designs and implements solutions for new and existing enhancements and issues. Provides reasonable estimates of time and materials required to complete vision and scope goals outlined by product owner and technical producer. Performs code reviews. Designs and implements unit tests, integration tests and functional tests. Delivers tasks to scope, on time, while adopting industry standard and team-specific coding practices. Assists in the triage and resolution of issues identified post deployment. Physical Requirements: Office environment, able to work on computer or phone for long periods of time. We are an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. The above is intended to describe the general content of and the requirements for satisfactory performance in this position. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of the duties, responsibilities, or requirements of the position.