Be part of a team that reinvents healthcare and go to work every day to improve peoples’ lives. Premera is a leading health plan in the Pacific Northwest, providing comprehensive health benefits and tailored services to more than 2 million people, from individuals to Fortune 100 companies. Premera is committed to improving customers’ lives by making healthcare work better. Join us. The Data Center Engineer is responsible for the management of all assets and activities in the Data Center and Intermediary Data Facility Closets at all Premera sites. This role is responsible for helping to engineer for and track power, cooling, and systems utilization in the data center as well as the installation / de-installation / re-location of all server and network hardware and patch cabling at these locations. What you’ll do Provide Architecture, Design, and planning for the growth and creation of Data Center and Intermediary Data Facilities enterprise-wide in coordination with Facilities teams. Establish policies and procedures for all Data Center and Intermediary Data Facilities. Responsible for maintaining Disaster Recovery documentation and recovery processes for all Data Center and Intermediary Data Facilities. Manage the physical control of the Data Center and Intermediary Data Facilities. Responsible for Physical installation and/or removal of equipment within the Data Center or Intermediary Data Facilities. What you’ll bring Bachelor's degree or four (4) years’ work experience. Two(2) years' IT experience. Preferably experience in Data Center Operations. Certification desired in some or all of the following: CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, Microsoft MCP, CCNA, or BICSI. What we offer: Industry competitive salaries Medical, vision and dental options Life and disability insurance Retirement programs (Yes! This includes a pension!) Workplace wellness programs Time off to reenergize Free parking And MORE! EOE - Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. LI-MF1