CDPHP is a healthcare leader in the Capital Region, with participating providers in 24 counties in upstate New York. As a company, CDPHP emphasizes the member experience as well as employee engagement. With over 1,000 employees at our corporate headquarters in Albany, we are still managed by a board of physicians, and maintain a strong emphasis on patient care. We value integrity, diversity, and innovation, and a corporate culture that supports those values. At CDPHP, employees have the opportunity to make an impact both at the company and community levels. We strive to provide knowledge and display excellent in all that we do, and are looking for motivated individuals who want to be a part of that experience. The Contact Center Architect is responsible for developing and maintaining business capabilities of the enterprise in line with the corporate strategy and goals to drive process optimization. The Contact Center Architect will have primary responsibility for contact center technology administration, release planning and change management across all contact centers within CDPHP. This role will work across the various business areas to identify, define and organize business needs and requirements, and design solutions that focus on CRM and contact center technologies. In addition, the Contact Center Architect is responsible for ongoing process improvement activities within Internal Operations (IO) and key business areas related to IO processes, including but not limited to: Medical Affairs, Healthcare Network Strategy, and Government Programs. The Contact Center Architect is responsible for keeping up to date on the portfolio of products and solutions offered by key vendors and to identify potential solutions and use cases as new features become available. The Contact Center Architect will be a subject matter expect on corporate contact centers and business process and ensure that tools and technologies are leveraged to ultimately deliver both effective and enhanced service to key constituents. QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree required. 7 years relevant experience may be substituted for degree Minimum number years of relevant experience: 7 years Extensive knowledge of healthcare industry strongly preferred. Experience with CRM (Salesforce) and contact center technology and (InContact ) strongly preferred. Experience with Call Flow mapping and Contact Center technical administration preferred. Experience modeling business processes using a variety of tools and techniques. Demonstrated ability to effectively navigate change and coordinate the implementation of initiatives with internal departments and external vendors. Ability to communicate with members of management and elicit requirements, process improvement opportunities, and key success measurements. Ability to identify functional interdependencies, process convergence and potential gaps and/or redundancies within the organization. Ability to identify and communicate business needs, processes, and value and turn these assessments into achievable business projects. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, facilitation and presentation skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of executive and senior management, operational management, support staff, external parties including partners and regulatory agencies. Ability to develop strong relationships and build trust with internal and external individuals. Excellent organizational and analytical skills with strong technical abilities. Excellent working knowledge of Microsoft Office software products, including, but not limited As an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer, CDPHP will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, creed, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, physical and mental disability, criminal record, genetic information, predisposition or carrier status, status with respect to receiving public assistance, domestic violence victim status, a disabled, special, recently separated, active duty wartime, campaign badge, Armed Forces service medal veteran, or any other characteristics protected under applicable law.