JOB DESCRIPTION ? ACE Initiative Site Administrator The ACE Initiative Site Administrator has the responsibility for coordinating comprehensive ACE Initiative services at Dr. Maya Angelou Community High School. This includes working with school personnel and EduCare Staff to insure quality deliverables of services to students, school admin/staff and parents. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: ACE Initiative Site Administration Coordinates, implements and develops ACE Initiative services at Communications and Technology School. Is responsible to meet goals set by ACE Initiative grants and maintain grant compliance. Works with school admin to coordinate daily ACE Initiative programs which may include some evening or weekend activities. Represents EduCare in the school community, including students, parents, staff, faculty, and community partners. Has full knowledge of ACE Initiative grant requirements. Has full knowledge of all programs and services offered by after school partnerships. Submits monthly calendar and daily schedule of all ACE Initiative programs and activities. Develops ACE Advisory lessons for all grade levels. Available to students, teachers and admin during the school day and after school. Supports after school site coordinator as needed and other EduCare auxiliary programs. Works with community outreach organizations to bring additional resources, services and programs to campus. Counsels and advises students as needed and helps them to resolve problems that may impede their participation in the ACE program. Attends Professional Development and other program related meetings. Attends EduCare staff meetings. Other duties as assigned. 2\. Records Maintenance and Data Collection Collects daily attendance records for ACE Initiative programs and activities on a daily routine. Responsible for the distributing and collecting student intake forms for all ACE Initiative program participants. Provides weekly reports, program outcome data and additional data as required by grants. Keeps notes on program activities, successes and challenges as they occur. Distributes and collects Social Emotional Learning (SEL) surveys from students, parents and teachers. SALARY: $25 to $28 an hour DOE. (40 Hours a week)