Description Here at L &I we value processes that help us improve both efficiency and accuracy, we look for top candidates with a desire for continual improvement to help us reach even greater success and every day is a new challenge. If you work here with our Information Services Division , you will continually be developing and seeking out ways to help our agency get better at what we do, through our Data Management Core Team. If this sounds like an environment you would thrive in, read on! We are currently seeking a Database Administrator to ensure L &I's applications and databases are running at top performance. This position has direct impact to our mission to provide data and assist business areas within the department, making it easier to do business with Washington State employers and our public. Overall, an ideal candidate for this position would have an exceptional skillset with administering enterprise level MS SQL, the ability to transform complex data security into technical solutions, and an intuitive capacity for being adaptable and an agent for change in our workplace. In this position you will: Serve as the lead technical specialist to support, maintain and enhance, large-scope Relation Database Management Systems and Databases for high-risk/high-impact Client-Web applications. Support, maintain, and enhance MSSQL Relational Database Management Systems/Databases (RDBMS) applications. Install and configure vendor and support software. Make recommendations for performance improvements. Design and implement physical databases from logical models, initiating requests, preparing data, documenting techniques and methods utilized in development etc... Monitor enterprise SQL database performance, assisting Consolidated Technology Services (CTS) with software and hardware acquisition, installation and configuration. Who should apply: IT professionals with 5 years of consultative, administrative or supervisory experience in IT analysis, system maintenance, troubleshooting/problem resolution, or analyzing designing, or supporting computer systems applications or databases Four years of experience working with IT systems and server database design Two years of experience as an administrator of a large enterprise level MS SQL _ Associates degree or completion of an accredited vocational training program in a relevant IT field AND six years of experience may substitute._ Here's what we are looking for: Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Strong DBA technical skills to troubleshoot and resolve any database issues. Work well under pressure and communicating clearly and effectively. Personable, firm, fair and hears others effectively. Good judgment, and are analytically and logically balanced. Strongly promote and adhere to process improvement, standardization, and effective documentation. _Note: Please include with your application a resume and cover letter detailing your knowledge and experience related to this career opportunity._ _If you have any questions regarding this announcement, position or our agency, please contact: Christine Dominguez at 360-902-5241 or email at: domc235@lni.wa.gov._ Supplemental Information This job announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies. Application review starts immediately and the hiring authority reserves the right to offer the job at any time. It's to your advantage to apply quickly. Employees driving on state business must have a valid driver's license. Employees driving a privately owned vehicle on state business must have liability insurance on the privately owned vehicle. Prior to any new hire into L&I, a Background check, including criminal record history, will be conducted. To apply, follow the "Apply" link above Jobs advertised as Open Continuous will be closed without notice. Apply quickly! We're looking for evidence that you have what we're looking for. Your application materials will be used for deciding who'll be selected for interview. For more information about the Department of Labor & Industries visit: http://www.lni.wa.gov/ OR Contact us at: Jobs@Lni.wa.gov L&I strives to attract and retain a high-performing and diverse workforce in which our differences are respected and valued to better meet the needs of the diverse customers we serve. L&I fosters an inclusive environment that promotes safety, collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all employees can participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is represented by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). Persons with a disability, who need assistance in the application process, or those needing this announcement in an alternative format, may call (360) 902-5700. Applicants that are deaf or hard of hearing may call through the Washington Relay Service at 7-1-1. The State of Washington is an Equal Opportunity Employer