Date Opened: 2018-06-06 Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. WeAreEA and we exist to inspire the world to play. EA values creativity, pioneering, passion, determination, learning, and teamwork. We mean things like acting with curiosity, speaking up with original ideas, and committing to each other as one team. We’re looking for all the best kinds of people to make great experiences for our players. The best people want a job that inspires them, while giving them room to enjoy their lives. And we want to give them that. We celebrate diversity and inclusion by creating a place where you can come to work and be yourself. And we want you to join us. We’re hiring an Insights Data Engineer . This role is part of EA’s Customer Experience organization. The Customer Experience organization strives to make EA known for taking care of its players. We’re players taking care of players and people talking to people – whenever, wherever, and however they need us. An Insights Data Engineer works with the team optimizing or even re- designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives. The Insights Data Engineer is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys creating, optimizing, and building data systems from the ground up. So how does an Insights Data Engineer make great experiences for players? They: initiative – You will be working autonomously to identify and maintain an optimal data pipeline architecture driving the analysis, questions of stakeholders, and updating of the business on the progress or timelines until delivery of results. Ultimately the data engineer works with teams to assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements. insights – collect, interpret, and simplify incoming data across multiple data sources to support and improve the player experience delivering a Signature Customer Experience for EA. Examples Include: Operational data around employees, top-issue analysis for our largest games and services, linking operations data to player game data and providing insights to game development teams. tools -Identification, design, and implementation of internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. Help develop best practices for BI Tool & application deployments. data infrastructure – we work with multiple data sources from MySQL databases with terabytes of data to RedShift clusters with petabytes. Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS ‘big data’ technologies. Have fun! As a game company, a passion for games and improving the player experience is a must. If this is the role for you, then you are: self-driven — when you’re given a task you drive it to the end and communicate the results flexible — you handle your day-to-day responsibilities alongside anything urgent, unscheduled, and various projects a great communicator — you have no problem talking to and working with everyone from teammates, technical teams, and stakeholders to advanced analysts, and you’ve got the communication skills to prove it puzzle solver — new work puzzles exist every day and you enjoy sorting through the details and presenting a solution passionate — you love helping our players just as much as you love the games that we make. If you’re interested in this role, you’ll need these skills or experiences : We are looking for a candidate with 1+ years of experience working with Snowflake Computing data warehouses. Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets. Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets. Strong project management and organizational skills. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. We are looking for a candidate with 3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a bachelor’s, or master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools: Experience with big data tools: R-Shiny, Spark, Python, etc. Experience with SQL, NoSQL architecture. Experience with data pipeline and workflow management and ETL tools. Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, Redshift, S3. Experience with standing up machine learning models into production. Experience with an object-oriented/object function scripting language preferably Python. Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau. EA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. LI-TA1 EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.