Description: Swedish Medical Center is looking for a full time Business Office Credit Balance Analyst in our Corporate Billing Office at Met Park in Seattle, Washington. _The Business Office Credit Balance Analyst is responsible for conducting thorough reviews of patients’ accounts with credit balances._ In this position you will: Process credit balances for insurance or self-pay refunds per Business Office policy and guidelines Apply self-pay credit balances to other open guarantor accounts as needed Submits requests to insurances to reprocess late charge credit claims as necessary Reviews and processes requests received from payers and patients for refunds and/or overpayments. Refers accounts with a credit balance due to regulatory payer to the appropriate WQ for regulatory specialist to review Remains up-to-date on payer and billing contracts, including Medicare, Medicaid, L &I and HMO/PPO. Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: High school diploma or GED equivalent Accounting training in an accredited school or equivalent on-the-job training in an accounting or cash applications role One year Experience in hospital insurance billing office, accounting, accounts receivable or bookkeeping Knowledge of insurance claims processing & understanding of all insurance EOB’s Preferred qualifications for this position include: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Business Management or Health Care Administration Technical background including experience with automated clinical information systems (EPIC preferred) About Swedish Shared Services. Swedish is the largest, most comprehensive, nonprofit health provider in the Greater Seattle area. Our expanding network of facilities currently includes three hospital locations in Seattle, a hospital in Edmonds and the new Swedish Issaquah campus. It also consists of Swedish Medical Group’s network of primary care clinics, and affiliations with suburban hospitals and specialty clinics throughout Greater Seattle. Each campus has a local operations leadership team, supported by centrally located and led corporate services, such as Human Resources, Financial and Information Services. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits — see our website for details https://caregiver.ehr.com Our Mission Our nonprofit Mission is to improve the health and wellbeing of each person we serve. Our Vision is to demonstrate the highest-quality, best-value healthcare to all we serve. About Us Swedish is the largest nonprofit health care provider in the greater Seattle area. It is comprised of five hospital campuses (First Hill, Cherry Hill, Ballard, Edmonds and Issaquah); ambulatory care centers in Redmond and Mill Creek; and Swedish Medical Group a network of more than 118 primary care and specialty locations throughout the Puget Sound. Swedish employs more than 13,300 employees and 3,100 physicians and allied health professionals. Whether through physician clinics, education, research and innovation or other outreach, we’re committed to caring for the people in our region and beyond. Swedish is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Swedish does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, protected veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Category: Billing / Insurance Location: Washington-Seattle Work Locations: Metropolitan Park East (WA152) 1730 Minor Avenue Metropolitan East Tower Seattle , _ _ 98101 Req ID: 190635