Los Angeles, California Post Production As Netflix increases its investment in original content production around the world, the volume and scale necessitate that we stay ahead of the curve and develop new ways to solve challenges. The Systems & Innovation group seeks a Coordinator to assist with implementing innovation ideas and leading citizen developer initiatives for post-production operations and dubbing. The Opportunity Netflix is the world's leading internet entertainment service with 125 million memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on any internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. The Role The Coordinator, Systems & Innovation will support the Manager, Systems & Innovation with creation and implementation of innovative solutions for project management, communication and media management. The Coordinator will play a key role in helping to track and maintain the status of all projects and initiatives. This person will also lead citizen developer efforts and implement quick wins to solve issues that help the post production teams operate effectively. Ideal Candidate A successful candidate will be self-motivated, proactive, quick-thinking, flexible, able to pivot when necessary, is thorough and able to juggle multiple and diverse responsibilities. It is critical that the person in this role be able to take a step back and see the field of opportunities and connect dots for everyone around them. A candidate will need to be able to quickly understand a problem and work toward implementing a solution; which could be anything from writing a quick application to providing a simple excel macro. This is a demanding and fast moving position that requires someone who is a proactive and positive thinker, effective communication and able to exercise good judgment and initiative. Qualifications: College degree preferred or additional production certificate programs. 3+ years of experience within medium to high budget studios, networks or high volume production companies, with a working knowledge of common post production workflows. Familiarity with production and post software such as Avid Media Composer, Pix, and Shotgun as well as newer cloud platforms such as Airtable, Zapier, Google API. Basic knowledge of programming in SQL and Javascript preferred. Have some UI/page design experience Ability to handle a fast paced environment supervising several projects in various points of production (from development through delivery). Strong organizational skills with proactive mentality Have creative problem-solving abilities Knowledge of industry standard digital audio and video file formats. Working knowledge of outside vendors including labs and DI facilities. Highly organized, efficient and detail oriented Comfortable with a fast pace and constant change Ability to respond after hours for important, timely or urgent matters Team-player who operates in a fast paced team-oriented setting Passionate about our culture and values in the workplace.