Database Administrator / DBA Who You Are You are passionate about PostgreSQL databases and data problems. You relish the opportunity to tune databases, optimize queries, design schemas, and write reports. You've never encountered a query that's fast enough. Big Data does not scare you. You're comfortable working with highly-available, highly- transacted Production databases, as well as data analytics. You've worked with open-source databases, and you're comfortable with, or keen to learn, new database technologies. You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. You're not tied to any technology, and you love to keep up-to- date on new trends. The Role You will be part of a fun, fast-paced and highly collaborative team that delivers new platform functionality, stability and performance improvements. Working with our PostgreSQL and Greenplum databases, you will work closely with our Software Engineering team to implement new database features, write complex SQL statements, and review data definition updates. You will work with our Analytics and Business teams to optimize queries, and create ad-hoc reports. You will work on IT initiatives and database administration, including backups, scripting and processing data, data warehousing, redundancy, replication and high availability strategies. You will work with other members of the Engineering and IT teams to maintain greater than 99.99% platform uptime and to ensure queries are running optimally. You are also well-versed in tableau and extracts creation. Location: This position is ideally based in-house in our San Francisco headquarters, flexibility will be considered for the right candidate. Responsibilities : Manage, maintain, and troubleshoot databases and data models that support business, web, and data warehouse applications, ensuring all services are operational 24x7x365 Work with team members to tune the PostgreSQL databases to meet new functional and performance releases and resolve complex database problems through research, analysis and expertise Perform database monitoring, maintenance, reorganizations, resource management, schema management, and capacity planning Work with the Analytics team to create and optimize queries and reports Manage and maintain the Tableau Analytics infrastructure Qualifications : Strong desire to learn about RDMS, and large data sets Experience with PostgreSQL, Tableau, Greenplum Strong UNIX/Linux knowledge and experience in scripting languages such as BASH, Python, or Perl Ability to provide support for development, test, and production environments Ability to work independently, solution focused, and be detail orientated Excellent interpersonal and communication skills in both oral and written English Desired Experience and Knowledge: B.S. degree in Computer Science Knowledge of PostgreSQL,Tableau and Greenplum technologies Passion for data Experience in PostgreSQL Streaming Replication A passion for new trends and features in the data community Able to bring best practices at solving database and overall application related problems Avid open source supporter About Us Switchfly is the most comprehensive enterprise SaaS provider of travel and loyalty solutions. Our flexible white-label platform powers personalized, feature rich, and localized websites for global brands in travel, financial services and ecommerce. We are continually improving our high-availability, high-traffic solutions for our clients. The Switchfly technology that powers the user experience for these global brands is core to their business and to ours. Whether building technology solutions, growing our clients' businesses, or making daily life at Switchfly rewarding for all employees, Switchfly is dedicated to success. We offer competitive compensation, a comprehensive benefits package, and a convenient downtown San Francisco location within walking distance of BART/Muni Montgomery Street station, Caltrain, and the Ferry Building. We emphasize teamwork and getting things done. "People" is consistently the top team-member-voted reason for what motivates them at Switchfly. We offer employees the chance to work with smart, fun people on exciting projects with sizable opportunity for growth. Are you intensely driven, smart, and results-focused? Do you thrive in an open, collaborative, team environment? If so, let's talk!