Purpose Provide computer systems and network support for the Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences. Essential Functions Assist in trouble shooting, installation, administration, configuration, and maintenance of Linux desktops and servers. Assist in maintaining, deploying, and supporting applications in a scientific computing environment. General networking (switch/port configuration), user software support, small compute cluster software support and administration. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications One year of Linux system administration.Knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures used in maintaining a medium sized work group of 250-300 desktops. Knowledge of common practices maintaining RHEL and CentOS based servers in a production enviroment. Excellent organizational, problem solving, written and oral communication skills. Must have a professional demeanor, be punctual and have the ability to work with little or no supervision. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. One year experience in Linux system administration. Knowledge of system administration of Linux variants REHL and CentOS in a medium sized work group of 250-300 desktops using configuration management tools such as Puppet or similiar. Knowledge of shell scripting, python or perl. Knowledge of Xen or KVM server virtualization management and practices. Use of source code management tools such as subversion and git. Knowledge of small compute cluster environments using Rocks, Slurm, or Torque. Knowledge of MacOS X and Windows. Experience working with faculty in a university and research environment. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Climbing of stairs Climbing of ladders Lifting and moving Work on overlapping projects and in a shared office space. Occasional weekend, overtime, evening, and holiday work. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus