Associate Biostatistician - 149388 Description Office Based: Wayne, PA The Associate Biostatistician provides statistical support in terms of analysis database creation, statistical analyses, and creation of formatted statistical analysis tables and summaries. Serve as a lead statistician on projects with supervision The major responsibility is to support the development and routine operation of vaccine and biologics assays. Provide statistical support to experimental design, data analysis, assay validation, scientific research and publication, and assay development. Prepare and review reports and protocols. Contribute to the statistical methods section and verify for completeness and consistency. Create SAS programs, graphs, and tables to perform and interpret analyses. Participate in internal meetings. Interact with multiple departments including data management, labs, and IT. Analyze Quality Control data to identify trends or anomalies. Provide training and support to scientists and other non-statistical professionals. Qualifications Education and Experience: BA/BS degree in statistics, biostatistics, mathematics or related field Minimum 2 years experience (or Master's degree) 1+ Years experience in a CRO, Pharmaceutical, or similar regulatory environment preferred Or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience that provides the individual with the required knowledge, skills and abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: SAS programming skills. Strong Microsoft Office skills, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Ability to promote teamwork in a multi-disciplinary team setting Good understanding of basic statistical methodology Ability to interact with lab scientists, curious about underlying biology hypothesis, assay technologies, and limitations (both in biology and assay technology). Experience with small and simple projects preferred as well Ability to ask scientific (rather than just statistical) questions so that the focus is on 'what is the right question' rather than on 'what is a better statistical method for a given question' Knowledge of clinical trials structure Excellent written and verbal communications skills Good organizational skills with the ability to adapt and adjust to changing priorities Positive attitude and the ability to work well with others Ability to solve problems logically. Ability to multi-task. Working Conditions: Work is performed in an office environment with exposure to electrical office equipment. Occasional drives to site locations with occasional travel both domestic and international. Physical Demands: Frequently stationary for 6-8 hours per day. Repetitive hand movement of both hands with the ability to make fast, simple, repeated movements of the fingers, hands, and wrists. Frequent mobility required. Occasional crouching, stooping, bending and twisting of upper body and neck. Light to moderate lifting and carrying (or otherwise moves) objects including luggage and laptop computer with a maximum lift of 15-20 lbs. Ability to access and use a variety of computer software developed both in-house and off-the-shelf. Ability to communicate information and ideas so others will understand; with the ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. Frequently interacts with others to obtain or relate information to diverse groups. Works independently with little guidance or reliance on oral or written instructions and plans work schedules to meet goals. Requires multiple periods of intense concentration. Performs a wide range of variable tasks as dictated by variable demands and changing conditions with little predictability as to the occurrence. Ability to perform under stress. Ability to multi-task. Regular and consistent attendance. PPD is an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD provides equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or other status within any other protected group. SAS, SQL, SAS programming, macros programming, statistical analysis, big data, Data Scientist, programmer, Informatics, Bio-Informatics, Data analytics, Laboratory Data, Masters of Data Science jobs, Masters of Informatics Jobs, Philadelphia PA IndeedPPDUS1 Organization - Operations Primary Location - North America-United States-Pennsylvania- Philadelphia