Oracle Cloud ERP Consultants Job Location 1: San Francisco/Bay Area Job Location 2: Dallas, Texas Travel requirement (US only): 30% Infovity, Inc. is one of the fastest growing Oracle cloud implementation partner. We are currently looking for multiple enterprise resource planning (ERP) consultants, at various levels, to support the growing demands for ERP business solutions for a variety of businesses, using Oracle applications. Telecommuting will be considered for exceptional candidates. Role Description: The Oracle Cloud ERP Consultant will assist with a variety of ERP implementation-related initiatives and tasks in support of clients’ current and future use of Oracle Applications solutions. Note: qualified applicants will be provided with training on Oracle Fusion Applications. The successful Oracle Cloud ERP Consultant candidate will be responsible for: Analyzing clients’ current business processes, helping develop business/functional requirements, designing solutions and helping with delivery of the solutions. Conducting workshops/training for clients to help analyze and define their business requirements and processes. Conducting fit/gap analysis of Oracle’s packaged ERP solutions and adapting them to meet clients’ business requirements. Designing and implementing new methods, procedures and systems (both automated and manual) to improve the processing and flow of information within the clients’ companies. Helping with management of projects – from conception to launch – and ensuring overall success of company projects. Be involved at varying levels throughout the project life cycle, from requirement gathering to solution implementations. Participating in creating and maintaining a road map and strategy for customers; collaborate with other leads, managers and technical team to ensure successful delivery of projects. Being a self-starter with solid interpersonal skills, projecting a very positive customer-oriented attitude. Cultivating business development opportunities: help with demos, pre-sales and be a part of sales cycle. Establishing, adopting, communicating and enforcing industry standards, financial principles and practices. And for systems documentation, ensuring best practices and testing that support an optimized data environment. Maintaining long-term client relationships and networks. Required Skills: Excellent knowledge of ERP systems and ERP implementation process. Ability to work in a Consulting and team environment. 3+ years of experience as a Business Analyst or Business Systems Analyst with increasing levels of responsibility. Hands-on experience with Oracle cloud Financials, Supply Chain and/or Oracle EBS or any other tier 1 ERP systems is required. A detailed understanding of the setup and architecture of Oracle Financials is a huge plus. Excellent written and verbal communications skills mandatory. Impeccable customer service and interpersonal skills. Bachelor’s degree or the equivalent combination of education plus relevant experience in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Management, Accounting, Business Administration, or related field. Infovity Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.