Job Summary The Data Entry Assistant is responsible for the accuracy and integrity of donor data. This position supports the Development Team by working collaboratively to ensure accurate gift entry, produce donor acknowledgments, and provide support for Development Team activities and campaigns. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Complete all gift entry, ensure quality and document accuracy Create electronic donor records and ensure ongoing day to day database administration (Raiser’s Edge) following policies, protocols, and procedures Create gift acknowledgments for donations Ensure timely and accurate pledge donation entry and tracking Provide support to Donor Relations Analyst in carrying out database clean-up projects Manage electronic processes, including confirming volunteer hours, matching gifts, compliance notices, updating confidential donor information, etc. Work closely with accounting team to ensure accurate financial records Support fund development team with donor events and other team projects Attend Development Team meetings and activities, as schedule allows Other duties as assigned Qualifications Education and Experience Required: Two-year associates degree plus minimum six months data entry experience. Preferred: Previous experience in a fund development environment highly desired; knowledge of fundraising applications are a plus. Knowledge and Skills A self-starter who can work independently with minimal oversight and takes initiative; is flexible, adaptable, self-manager, organized, and has a strong attention to detail; thrives in an ever changing/fast-paced environment. Proven oral and written communication abilities (i.e. verbal, written, in person and/or over the telephone); demonstrated ability to work with sensitive and confidential issues and communicate effectively with a diverse group of donors, volunteers, and staff. Excellent technical computer skills in Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, and Outlook. Ability to develop reports and analyze data using Excel. Ability to coordinate multiple projects while managing conflicting priorities and deadlines.