Arm’s Machine Learning Research Team identifies and investigates emerging ML technologies and applications and evaluates how to creatively deploy them wherever computing happens; from always-on sensors, to mobile phones, and to the cloud. You will be given the ability work within the rapidly-growing ML field and to deliver the underlying technology to deploy creative applications on Arm IP – the center of the world’s most ubiquitous compute platforms. ML research adds extra dimensions to the already challenging problems of tomorrow – providing top model accuracy while optimizing for energy consumption on embedded devices, maintaining QoS across a wide variety of mobile hardware, and scaling ML to billions of connected devices in the Internet of Things. The ML research team collaborates with product teams to deliver industry leading hardware and software solutions to Arm’s partners. The team also works closely with leading ML university research to track and collaborate on emerging technology. We are looking to add extraordinary researchers to Arm’s Machine Learning research team. You will have the opportunity to influence real products through ground breaking research. You will also be afforded the freedom to develop new skills, collaborate with academic partners, and publish research results. What will I be accountable for? Identifying and investigating key machine learning technologies and algorithms, and assessing how they’ll impact our products and partners Collaborating with our product teams to develop new IP – architecture, hardware, and software Reporting and presenting research findings and experimental results to key partners Publishing the results of your research to contribute to the overall ML ecosystem Developing and adapting ML algorithms for energy-constrained devices Advancing the state of the art in application areas: natural language processing, computer vision, sensor fusion, object tracking, and motion planning Prototyping hardware and software solutions If you have an established track record in these areas and have exceptional skills to develop creative research agendas and execute projects successfully, you could be an extraordinary fit to join our team. LI-JS1 Job Requirements What skills, experience, and qualifications do I need? MS or PhD in machine learning, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, or equivalent Minimum of 10 years in Machine Learning At least 3+ years experience in Machine Learning Algorithms Deep understanding of machine learning/deep learning Understanding of CPU, GPU, and NN accelerator micro-architecture preferred Strong programming skills Scientific, data-driven, objective mindset Desired behaviors for this role: Arm is proud to have a set of behaviors that reflect our visionary culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to defy ordinary and craft extraordinarily. These behaviors are assessed during the recruitment process: We Not I Take daily responsibility to make the Global Arm community thrive No individual is responsible for the right answer. Brilliance is collective Information is crucial, share it Realize that we win when we collaborate — and that everyone misses out when we don’t Passion for Progress Our differences are our strength. Widen and mix up the pool of people you connect Difficult things can take unexpected directions. Stick with itMake feedback positive and expansive, not negative and narrow The essence of progress is that it can’t stop. Grow with it and be responsible for your own progress Be Your Brilliant Self Be quirky not egocentric Recognize the power in saying ‘I don’t know" Make trust our default position Hold strong opinions lightly