MORE ABOUT THIS JOB CONSUMER AND COMMERCIAL BANKING Consumer and Commercial Banking brings innovative solutions to traditional banking activities. We are a global team of lenders, investors, risk managers, skilled marketers, web experts and banking specialists. We provide a suite of solutions to help our customers meet their personal financial goals. We make direct investments in, and risk manage, a portfolio of corporate loans and securities. And we help transform distressed communities through investments and loans of private capital. DIGITAL FINANCE Digital Finance, a business unit within CCBD, is comprised of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses, which include the Marcus deposits and lending businesses, as well as the personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Digital Finance combines the strength and heritage of a 148-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. Through the use of machine learning and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity to help them make smarter decisions about their money. YOUR IMPACT Are you passionate about operations, leadership, and using digital tools to provide solutions and excellent customer service to consumers? We’re looking for a professional to lead our consumer call handling teams who wants to use their skills and ideas to create and then lead new processes and teams. OUR IMPACT Our team of critical thinkers partners with groups in all areas of the firm to lead teams, manage processes, and improve digital tools. Our division also provides critical operations and user experience design to ensure business flows smoothly when customers come to us. From day one, team members play a vital role in upholding key Operations principles of client focus, process innovation, compliance and risk management. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL Responsible for conducting internal quality audits/monitors of operations teams and providing coaching and feedback. Employ principles and techniques as defined in the quality audit criteria, and develop and implement quality assurance standards, processes, and controls. Collect and analyze data from each audit/monitor activity and assist operations teams with development and implementation of appropriate corrective action plans, training tips, and team communication to improve overall quality results. Conduct/participate in calibration session to ensure proper scoring across team members. Evaluate findings and make appropriate recommendation to the Training department for improvements for New Hire training based on defects identified in monitoring results. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS Sales or service experience Strong understanding of customer service experience Must be self-directed, detail oriented, positive attitude, driven, able to work independently in a team-oriented and fast paced environment Experience in a consumer banking environment High School Diploma or GED / Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred. ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2017. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.