We are looking for an experienced and dynamic Product Manager to drive requirements and strategy for our portfolio of Big Data Analytics solutions. If you want to define and drive solutions that deliver real results for businesses worldwide, then this is the place for you! Responsibilities: Independently leads and drives the end to end strategy and roadmap for our value based big data analytics portfolio. Builds and delivers the value proposition, target customer segments, and business case to bring innovative and disruptive solutions to market. Synthesizes market requirements (MRD) into marketing/customer details through having intimate customer knowledge and business, financial and industry market acumen. Guides key stakeholders on the portfolio strategy across all phases of the lifecycle (e.g., planning, development, launch, management, exit). Creates and drives goal alignment and collaborates across value chain partners to optimize margins and enable success of solutions throughout the lifecycle. (ie. Engineering: product development, Supply Chain: SKUs, inventory and Marketing: marketing and pricing strategies and Go To Market Plan). Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's degree or equivalent in computer science, engineering or related field of study. MBA or advanced degree in computer science or engineering preferred. 10+ years of work experience in technology with background in data management and/or big data analytics. Technical understanding and knowledge of the data solutions and trends Knowledge and Skills: Extensive team skills and ability to cross functionally drive/influence work through others, ability to mentor and lead teams to achieve results for complex, ambiguous projects. Extensive skills in cost efficient solution building, financial performance metric creation and analysis Extensive business acumen and knowledge of root cause analysis and problem detection. Technical understanding and knowledge of data management and/or big data analytics, and ability to provide product specific technical training to the team. LI-ST2 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.