We are the Windows New Experiences and Technology organization and are inventing the world’s most advanced experiences across our platform and devices. We are developing creative new scenarios based on future form factors and customer-led product design. The organization is looking for a pioneer to help Windows Experiences lead the world in the next era of computing. You’ll be responsible for delivering exceptional experiences across PC, Phone, Tablet, Surface Hub, and HoloLens devices. We are seeking individuals with expertise in building data visualizations. This person would bring expertise in developing and coding data visualizations to partner with analysts to deliver work products featuring insightful data visualizations at scale (i.e., to large audiences) via dashboards, reports, portals, and key presentations. The person would likewise apply his or her refined and practiced aesthetic judgment to work products in ways that enhance appeal, usability, presentation, and adherence to design conventions and standards to help us achieve our business- and product-strategy goals. This role will also require understanding of the business and how to drive Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) across the organization. Responsibilities Understand how our customers are using our products and build help define the Analytics journey using intuitive visualizations. Work with the Extended Leadership Team on Data Review process for the Monthly Business Reviews. Create data visualization using tools like PowerBI, Tableau, Excel etc. Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree 3-5 years of industry experience Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated ability to translate business priorities and strategies into actionable, measurable plans Are entrepreneurial and self-motivated Are agile and willing to embrace change Are rigorously accountable & positive Are willing to wear many hats and contribute across disciplines Are familiar with and inspired by trends in design and new technologies Are excellent at storytelling products and benefits of investing Have experience working on a multi-disciplinary team of designers and developers Have strong brainstorming skills, from participation to leadership Are capable of reducing complex concepts into understandable, actionable tasks Have shipped multiple far-reaching products Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.