Job Description At IBM Cloud, we are working on the next generation of cloud computing services built with global scale, security and convenience in mind. Today, IBM Cloud spans the globe and delivers continuous service to customers from 39 data centers and growing. The IBM Cloud Networking team is looking for a talented, innovative and enthusiastic Software Engineering professional to help build the next generation virtualized routing and security services for IBM Cloud. The IBM Cloud Networking team has a global datacenter presence across 19 countries and 6 continents that enable Watson, Blockchain and IOT solutions. The Network Services team is responsible for delivering virtual network services with top-notch performance, first-rate security, fail-safe reliability and exceptional quality. An IBM Cloud Networking Software Development engineer will be the key individual responsible for end to end feature enablement across the orchestration layer. You will perform hands-on coding and mentor junior developers, working to increase the knowledge and performance of the collective team. In addition, you will interface with senior architects across several locations to ensure that the overall strategy is communicated and understood. Receive requirements from stakeholders to develop and deliver innovative, company, and industry impacting capabilities; Design, develop, and implement Object Oriented applications from prototype through implementation; Collaborate with other engineers Create highly scalable and performant Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP), Representational State Transfer (REST), Extensible Markup Language (XML-RPC) XML, JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) web services; Work within a Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery development model. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Previous internship/co-op experience in a technical environment; Strong foundational knowledge of software development lifecycle; Experience with one or more of the folowing OO Programming languages: PHP, Java, C++, C, Python, Ruby, Perl, JavaScript; Strong knowledge of UNIX/Linus; Experience with relational databases and SQL (Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL); Ability to quickly learn new technologies and implement prototypes in a timely fashion; Ability to solve problems and perform analyses; Ability to work in a team environment; Familiar with Agile methodologies; Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Previous internship/co-op experience in a technical environment; Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a Software Engineer working in an Agile environment; Experience working in a Cloud environment; EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.