Job Description Primary Responsibilities Identifies outstanding insurance balances over 60 days old from suspense/insurance reports. Runs suspense report for outstanding self-insured and research balances over 30 days old. Research accounts over 60 days old to determine facts and develop collection strategy. Communicates with patients, insurance companies and other responsible parties to facilitate collection of outstanding debt. Communication includes both verbal and written notices. Records communication accurately in RT. Maintain monthly insurance category and aging statistics. Report findings and submit report to Billing Office Manager. Determine which categories need improvement. Determine problems with a specific insurance category, insurance carrier and/or provider set up. Correct the problems to facilitate payment from insurance companies. Appropriately utilizes program staff, and other admin support partners to follow-up on patient insurance/claim questions or problems. Meets production level standards as set by CBO manager. Communicates with patients, CTC personnel, and other pertinent parties effectively. Interacts in a friendly, courteous, concise and professional manner in both written and verbal communications. Maintains patient confidentiality. Contributes to a positive, enjoyable, cooperative and smooth-functioning work environment. Understands and follows corporate Safety and Compliance Programs. Understands and complies with company/department policies and procedures. Participates in clinic/company meetings. Attends company-sponsored functions and community events as able. Additional duties may be assigned. Qualifications 2+ years of previous related experience required Proficient with Medical Practice Management Software (Raintree preferred), Excel and other Microsoft applications Ability to prioritize, meet deadlines and multitask in a fast paced environment Strong written and verbal communication skills. Organized and detail oriented with strong analytical, and problem-solving skills Additional Information This is a full-time, 40 hour/week opportunity with flexible shift choices, either M-F (8 hour shifts), or four 10 hour days. Shift times can be within the hours of 6:30 am to 5:00 pm. Compensation & Benefits: Children’s Therapy Center offers competitive compensation commensurate with experience and a comprehensive benefits package including generous paid time off; medical, dental, vision coverage; supplemental/premium insurance options; and retirement plan options with company contribution. _Children’s Therapy Center is an equal opportunity employer. We seek to hire candidates that reflect the diversity of our communities. We believe every employee and potential employee has the right to be free from unlawful discrimination. Consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, Children’s Therapy Center provides all employees and applicants with equal opportunity in all aspects of the employment relationship._