With more than 2,400 locations nationwide, Public Storage is the leader in the self-storage industry, and given our number of tenants, we may very well be the world's largest landlord. We've experienced unprecedented growth over the past four decades, and it's in no small part due to the dedicated team that has helped us become an S &P 500 industry leader, the country's largest real estate investment trust (REIT), and the most recognizable name in self- storage. We are currently looking for an IT Security Analyst to join our team in Glendale, CA The IT Security Analyst assists the IT Security team to conduct its’ mission to provide confidentiality, integrity and availability across the Public Storage IT portfolio. Additionally, the IT Security Analyst performs security audits, risk assessments and analysis and makes recommendations for IT security systems as needed. As needed, performs investigation into attempted breaches and rectifies vulnerabilities and weaknesses. This individual must function in a dynamically changing environment, in which people flow in and out of the loop depending on project phase, and where processes shift and change, technologies' importance to the task rises and falls, and business rules are subject to change and interpretation. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following: The marginal functions of this position have not been included. This job description in no way implies that these are the only duties to be performed. An employee will be required to follow any other job-related instruction and to perform other job related duties requested by the VP, IT Operations and Engineering. Responsibilities of the IT Security Analyst include: Support and participate in programs to protect the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of the organization's technology infrastructure and information resources. Review existing applications periodically and new applications prior to installation to ensure that the applications adhere to IT security policies and procedures. Perform detailed risk analysis assessment of applications, networks and systems. Assist with the audit of existing systems, Windows, security monitoring, firewall, intrusion detection and remote access logs, scrutinizing network traffic, monitoring the company's virus protection procedures, ensuring adherence to IT security policies, coordinating responses to detected intrusions. Under direction, respond to security incidents related to servers and network devices. Perform regular security audits of critical information security systems and generate appropriate supporting documentation. Assist with comprehensive security reviews of applications addressing all layers. Support the Company’s patch management procedures to ensure all systems are in compliance with required updates. Monitor performance and activity of information security systems and services. A Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from an accredited college or university is required or equivalent direct experience. A minimum of 3 year’s experience working with the Network Infrastructure and at least 2 years’ experience in IT security controls and monitoring. Experience with Active Directory security and administration. Experience with network security management tools; vulnerability scanning and remediation; security information event management (SIEM); and tools to defend against and/or respond to attacks when they occur. Experience working with security mechanisms and monitoring systems. Experience investigating security events and determining which events are, and which are not, incidents. Knowledge of use of tools similar to Tripwire, Nessus, EnCase, Tizor Mantra, Wireshark, etc. Must have strong written communications skills and the ability to prepare formal reports and metrics. Must have the ability to communicate technical issues to various audiences and develop trust and good working relationships with all IT support personnel.