Software applications have been the 1 source of successful data breaches over the last 8 years and cost companies an average $7.2 million per breach and untold damage to their reputations. Contrast Security has built the only enterprise security product that knows where apps are weak and deploys adaptive defenses instantly. Our powerful and patented deep security instrumentation technology provides a fast, accurate and easy way to find and fix application vulnerabilities and block attacks instantly. Contrast’s agent easily installs onto any application server and finds vulnerabilities in less than 7 minutes without the need for security experts, static or dynamic scans. Our products are a perfect fit with Agile, DevOps and even waterfall methodologies, and work seamlessly on premise, in the cloud and in containers. Contrast’s revolutionary approach to enterprise application security has won numerous industry accolades, including: Gartner “Visionary” Magic Quadrant Placement Forrester Wave: Application Security “Leader” InformationWeek’s Dark Reading "20 Security Startups to Watch" 2015 2016 OWASP Benchmark Project Best-in-class 93% true accuracy rating 2016 Cyber Defense Magazine "Best-of-Breed" in Application Security Solution Job Focus Ask 50 people what a product manager is and you’ll get 50 different answers. At Contrast, our product managers are leaders who passionately seek to define and understand problems in the marketplace, and build creative solutions that delight customers. To make this happen, you’ll need to be able to translate your understanding of the marketplace into prioritized requirements to provide engineering the narrative to understand what we’re working to solve, and why we need to solve it. You’ll look at the solution as a whole, taking into consideration everything from overall user experience, all the way down to how information is stored in the database. You will need to translate what the product does into why customers should care and deliver that message to marketing and sales. And let’s do all this on a deadline while keeping the machine humming along. But let’s not kid ourselves, this a startup. You’ll be doing this and a whole lot more. If this sounds like the challenge you’ve been looking for, let’s talk. We’re always looking to add passionate, talented, motivated superstars to the Contrast family. This is a paid internship throughout the year. Role Responsibilities Market research – work with PMM and prospects to stay current on the latest needs in application security Synthesize requirements – gather requirements from a myriad of sources and manage a prioritized backlog Product design – work with UX and engineering teams to design features for development Customer advocacy – understand customer pain points and conceptualize ways we can help them Product Roadmap – curate and communicate the product roadmap to internal and external audiences Sales Enablement – provide training and positioning to sales for each Contrast release Competitive Analysis – research competitive solutions and train sales, marketing and engineering on the latest Release Management – make sure we get the product out, as defined, on time About You Masters, MBA or Graduate student preferred Able to work from our Los Altos, CA office at least 2-3 days per week in 2+ hour increments Familiarity with product marketing, product management, or corporate marketing roles & responsibilities Familiarity & interest in the following themes: cyber security, agile development, information security, Devops Excellent verbal and written communication skills Passion for learning & attention to detail We are changing the world of software security. _Do it with us._ We believe in what we do and are passionate about helping our customers secure their business. We work hard, and we have fun doing it. Solve the impossible. Easy = boring. If you’re looking for a fun work environment and like a challenge, you’ll love Contrast Security. By submitting your application, you are providing Personally Identifiable Information about yourself (cover letter, resume, references, or other employment-related information) and hereby give your consent for Contrast Security, and/ or our HR-related Service Providers, to use this information for the purpose of processing, evaluating and responding to your application for current and future career opportunities. Contrast Security is an equal opportunity employer and our team is comprised of individuals from many diverse backgrounds, lifestyles and locations.