ObserveIT is the world’s first people focused cybersecurity company. We call ourselves a startup with a head start with 1700+ customers and growing at over 50%+ y-o-y. Also, ranked 2 best places to work in Boston by the Boston Business Journal. ObserveIT’s insider threat monitoring and prevention solution is easy to deploy and provides customers with the ability to quickly detect risky behavior, streamline the investigation process and implement flexible prevention methods. We are proud to serve the Who's Who of the Fortune 500 as well as a growing number of mid-market firms. Our customers include Starbucks, The Coca-Cola Company, AIG, Cigna, Microsoft, and IBM, to name a few. We've grown 50% per year over the last five years and have outstanding financial and operational support from Bain Capital Ventures. ObserveIT is looking for a passionate developer who loves to learn and adopt new technologies demonstrate in-depth understanding of OO principles and design patterns (How to use, and what to avoid). This person must have experience with multi-threaded applications using synchronous and asynchronous (async) processing. If you are energetic, excited about your work, have a Can- do approach and meets the requirements above – this might be your dream job. Join us as we are building our next generation of our product, making a contribution that will go far beyond coding, as your work will have a direct impact on the way we steer our ship during this exciting voyage; while specifically, you will be involved in challenging server-side development end- to-end using advanced JavaScript programming. Requirements: Experience with NoSQL databases – at least one of Cassandra, MongoDB, Couchbase or ElasticSearch Experience with relational databases – at least one of MS-SQL, Oracle, MariaDB or Postgres 5 years of experience with Linux and AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, ECS, etc…) or other public cloud 5 years of experience in Node.JS, Java/Scala, Go or similar 5 years of experience with developing RESTful API in micro-service or serverless architectures 5 years of experience in web UI development (HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap) using frameworks such as Angular, React/Redux Experience using messaging and caching frameworks such as RabbitMQ, Kafka, Redis is a plus Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent Job Type: Full-time Fairness Matters: We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.