Western Digital® We deliver the possibilities of data. YOU define what’s possible. The successful candidate will be responsible for industry research, analysis and insight. It is preferred the candidate has knowledge of Enterprise HDD & SSD storage market. Candidate must possess leadership, modeling and analytical skills and be highly articulate. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Industry research and analysis: headlights and competitive dynamics. Market reviews with industry analysts (IDC, Trendfocus, Gartner & others). Takeaways from financial analyst reports and updates on economic conditions and key industry players (competitors, customers, suppliers). TAM/SAM consolidation for HDD and SSD. Industry-WDC TAM reconciliation (units, PB & revenue). Business intelligence experience: proven results to analyze, diagnose, articulate and tailor the message to management, internal partners and cross-functional teams. Ongoing interview/discussions with internal partners to finalize TAM by segment (Cloud, OEM, Channel, Surveillance and other Enterprise GTM). Visualization - in-depth understanding of various visualization techniques to translate data into impactful and actionable insights in a clean and concise manner. Define data requirements and gather and validate information, applying judgment and statistical tests. Utilize strong quantitative and analytic abilities to integrate and analyze data; predictive modeling and analytics. Data analytics, metrics, KPIs. Publish monthly management package and R6Q TAM-Share reports. Collaborate with internal partners and cross functional teams to ensure successful implementation of processes & projects. Database & data architecture governance and management. QUALIFICATIONS Required: BA/BS with 7+ years in a marketing or market research within high technology industry. Preferred: Knowledge of enterprise markets, HDD, SSD or storage experience preferred. Familiar with statistical analysis and research methodologies; possess strong process management and documentation skills. Skills: Resourceful, creative, diligent - able to follow up and make things happen with colleagues across many disciplines. Strong skills to extract, transform, manipulate and make data ready for analysis. Strategic, analytical and conceptual problem solver, with the ability to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers; detect patterns and trends across disparate sources of data. Strong skills to extract, transform, manipulate and make data ready for analysis. Must have excellent written and oral communications skills. Strong in Microsoft excel and powerpoint; experience with BI tools and applications. ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL Western Digital Corporation is the world’s largest data storage company with a leading portfolio of HGST, SanDisk, G-Technology and WD brands covering flash and disk-based solutions. Deployed by the largest and most prominent organizations worldwide, Western Digital solutions are everywhere, touching lives and enabling great value from the data they possess. Western Digital is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. Western Digital does not unlawfully discriminate and complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO Is The Law poster: Equal Employment Opportunity Is The Law. Western Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify. LI-VV1