Sapient Consulting | Public Sector is looking for people who – simply put – are driven to make a difference. By solving some of today’s toughest challenges, our teams are helping to transform the government in the areas of business, technology and marketing. Working at Public Sector, you will be in an environment that fosters growth and creativity, demands openness and client-focused delivery, and celebrates initiative and innovation. The chance to bring your ideas and new thinking to today’s challenges and work in a truly unique work environment is now – it’s at Sapient Consulting | Public Sector. JOB TITLE – SOFTWARE DEVELOPER - JAVA Job Title: Software Developer – Java Reports to: Project Manager Location: Minneapolis, MN Employee Status: Full-time Travel: <5% Start Date: Immediately Clearance Requirement: Public Trust Job Summary: We are looking for a self-motivated candidate who is proficient in Java based application development and has experience and willingness to learn on all aspects of modern application development to be a full stack developer. The candidate will work as a member of a cross-functional Agile delivery team within a larger inter-dependent enterprise platform project. Qualified applicants must be detail-oriented, result-driven individuals who work well within team environments and have good interpersonal skills. Responsibilities: Work closely within a cross-functional Agile delivery team to understand requirements, create development story design documents, and implement stories Develop java based applications using Spring and SOA framework Perform unit and API testing and follow development best practices Participate in peer code reviews Integrate and update front-end/presentation layer using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and Angular Develop and update technical design documents Based on functional specifications, optimize development for User Experience. Requirements & Experience Guidelines: 1 to 3 years of experience in developing Java based application using Spring or equivalent frameworks Knowledge and experience in developing application using Service Oriented application architecture Working knowledge of styling the user interface using XHTML/HTML5/CSS content and JavaScript Knowledge of JavaScript/UI libraries (e.g. jQuery) for implementing AJAX solutions is a plus. Demonstrates ability to do technical design and develop using Java (JDK 8 or above) technologies including JSP, JSF, and Spring framework Demonstrate experience using development best practices Demonstrates ability to implement micro services using java frameworks such as Spring Good understanding of data access frameworks like SpringDAO or Hibernate Excellent analytical and process-oriented skills. Excellent verbal and written skills. Ability to work collaboratively on multi-disciplinary teams. Prior experience in a consulting firm or agency preferred. Knowledge of hand-coded HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, and DOM. Knowledge of Section 508 standards and compliance is a plus Must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. Legal Permanent Resident Eligible for U.S. Government Clearance. Bachelor’s Degree required from college or University. About Sapient Consulting | Public Sector Sapient Consulting | Public Sector, part of Publicis.Sapient, is a leading provider of strategy, technology, and marketing services to a wide array of U.S. governmental agencies. Focused on driving long-term change and transforming the citizen experience, we use technology to help agencies become more accessible and transparent. With a track record of delivering mission- critical solutions and the ability to leverage commercial best practices, we serve as trusted advisors to government agencies, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Library of Congress, National Institutes of Health, United States Department of Health and Human Services, and United States Department of Homeland Security. For more information, visit http://publicsector.sapientconsulting.com . Reasonable accommodations will be made as necessary for the known physical or mental disability of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee unless doing so would impose an undue hardship on the operation of the Company’s business. Sapient US is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants to Sapient US will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.