Position Summary: Risk Specialist working with Manager of Incident Management with focus on updating and maintenance of feedbacks (Customer Complaints) in the Quantros event reporting system. Intake of phone calls from patients and families and able to have difficult conversations. Displays proficiency in computer skills. Assists as necessary with department office activities. Ensure that all services are delivered in accordance with the mission statement and values of Confluence Health. Essential Functions: Enter new concerns into the Quantros event reporting system as received and follow up as assigned. Edit events to include involved name, FIN, MRN, DOB, nature. Schedule meetings, prepare agenda and record minutes as requested for various meetings. Run report and create appropriate graphs as requested by Confluence Health leadership. Process internal adjustments and external payments on accounts related to quality/risk issues as approved by Care Incident Review Committee, includes Epic, Paragon and Cerner billing. Monitor accounts on ongoing cases and hold billing as appropriate. Process compensation payments to patients such as travel and incidental expenses. Process invoices for varies Risk activities. Follow up with patients on determination of their billing complaints/billing issues as discussed at Care Incident Review Committee in a friendly and prompt manner. Maintains professional attitude and collegial relationships. Maintains regular attendance and timeliness. Other duties as assigned. Demonstrate Standards of Behavior and adhere to the Code of Conduct in all aspects of job performance at all times. Qualifications: Required : Analytical reasoning skills including statistics, spreadsheet and database skills. Possess the ability to communicate effectively with all members of the healthcare team including employees, area managers, physician managers, and administrators. Possess the ability to communicate effectively with patients and family members. Ability to pay careful attention to detail is critical with efficiency and organization skills. Proactive self-motivated and self-directed. Able to establish and maintain a work queue with minimal supervision or reminders regarding deadlines and expectations. Ability to maintain confidentiality of patient information. Knowledge of Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint. Physical/Sensory Demands For This Position: O = Occasional, represents 1 to 25% or up to 30 minutes in a 2 hour workday. F = Frequent, represents 26 to 50% or up to 1 hour of a 2 hour workday. C = Continuous, represents 51% to 100% or up to 2 hours of a 2 hour workday. Walking – O Sitting/Standing - O Reaching: Shoulder Height - O Reaching: Above shoulder height - O Reaching: Below shoulder height - O Climbing - O Pulling/Pushing: 25 pounds or less - O Pulling/Pushing: 25 pounds to 50 pounds - O Pulling/Pushing: Over 50 pounds - O Lifting: 25 pounds or less - O Lifting: 25 pounds to 50 pounds - O Lifting: Over 50 pounds - O Carrying: 25 pounds or less - O Carrying: 25 pounds to 50 pounds - O Carrying: Over 50 pounds - O Crawling/Kneeling - O Bending/Stooping/Crouching - O Twisting/Turning - O Repetitive Movement - O