WHO WE ARE: Freedom Financial Network is a family of companies that takes a people-first approach to financial services, using technology to empower consumers to overcome debt and create a brighter financial future. The company was founded in 2002 by Brad Stroh and Andrew Housser on the belief that by staying committed to helping people, you can ensure better financial outcomes for both the customer and the business. This Heart + $ philosophy still guides the vision of our growing company, which has helped millions of people find solutions for their financial needs. What began with 2 people in a spare bedroom has now rapidly expanded to a vibrant business that employs over 2000 employees (known internally as The Freedom Family) in two locations: San Mateo, CA and Tempe, AZ. When you visit either of our offices, you’ll understand why our employees have voted us the Best Place to Work for the last several years. It’s a place where the Heart + $ philosophy continues to thrive, where we believe that success is only achieved by doing what’s right for our customers, our employees, and our communities. In order to create brighter futures for our clients, employees, and businesses, Freedom Financial Network holds itself to four core values that have grown out of our Heart + $ philosophy: to care for everyone around us, act with integrity every time, collaborate with everybody we work with, and get better at what we do every day. THE OPPORTUNITY: Freedom Financial Network is seeking a “Senior Software Engineer (IT)” for the Business Systems team. This position is to provide design, best practices, continuous improvement, and innovation of the technology and processes required to add new and maintain/modify/optimize existing capabilities for our systems to meet rapidly changing business needs and translate storyboards into functional code in an agile workplace. This position provides vision, technical leadership and overall responsibility for the Software Engineering efforts within the IT division and Business Systems team. This role will work closely with business stakeholders and program managers to drive planning, analysis, design and product release activities. This position involves modern stack development within a diverse ecosystem encompassing everything from data center Windows servers to Google and AWS Cloud Services to Windows desktops and virtualized workstations to remote hosted LAMP servers, API and abstraction layer design and development, front/back end integration efforts with Salesforce, Box, Okta, ServiceNow, Google Cloud Platform, QuickBase, and other internal and external systems requiring an array of languages including C, ASP.NET, Java, PHP, Python, and SQL depending on the project. THE ROLE: Lead development of new solutions and enhancements leveraging IT systems and services, as well as a myriad of third-party services such as Salesforce, Box, ServiceNow, Okta and QuickBase. Translate business requirements into well-architected solutions that best leverage internal and external systems and integration opportunities Interpret application storyboards and use cases into functional solutions Design centralized services to support enterprise functions or policies, e.g. audit service Develop enterprise data solutions or integrations that improve data quality, governance, analytics, visualization, retention and optimize overall business benefits Lead technical design sessions; architect and document technical solutions that are aligned with business objectives Provide hands-on, expert-level technical assistance to IT staff and other developers Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code solutions and integrations with internal applications and third-party services. Design and manage the execution of test plans to ensure a quality solution is delivered Create unit tests for automated regression testing Create automated tests to alert team proactively to production issues Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications and systems Problem Solving: High level of responsibility. Requires ability to assess process risks and assist in formulating mitigation plans. On key projects, the ability to take corrective action to bring projects back on track and the ability to evaluate alternatives and recommend best course of action will be key attributes needed. Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation Participate in and lead a team that embraces Agile methodology REQUIREMENTS/CHARACTERISTICS: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related discipline At least 4 years’ experience in active software engineering Significant applicable experience will be considered in lieu of education Proficiency in Java, ASP.NET, PHP, Python, and SQL Proficiency in the .NET framework Familiarity with Box, AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Understanding of web based APIs, such as RESTful and SOAP services Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server and other database systems Ability to create database schemas that represent and support business processes Ability to create reusable, maintainable and well documented code and solutions Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests Ability to lead and work on cross-functional teams PREFERRED/DESIRED SKILLS: Familiarity with Box, AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Familiarity with Captiva or an OCR product Familiarity with ServiceNow Familiarity with AI, machine learning, and speech-to-text services <span Experience within the Financial Services domain, or other regulated industries Experience with API integrations and translating data from Tableau, Asana, Domo Experience designing solutions leveraging Okta SSO for user provisioning Familiarity with various design and architectural patterns common in omnichannel systems Familiarity with contact/call center and financial services business scenarios and technologies Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server Familiarity with .NET Core Familiarity with other web application development ecosystems such as LAMP and Node.js Experience in the contact center systems paradigm Knowledge and experience with Twilio Experience with web application frameworks such as Ruby, Nancy, Razor and MVC5 Experience with IIS administration Experience with Salesforce and/or QuickBase CULTURAL FIT (Our Core Values): Care (for everyone): We show compassion and contribute to the well-being and growth of those around us. We only pursue products that improve the financial lives of our clients. Act with Integrity (every time): We take the right action even when it is hard and even when no one is watching. We treat our employees, clients, and communities the way they wish to be treated. Get Better (every day): We innovate, iterate, and improve each day. We are creative, take thoughtful risks, and ultimately learn and recover from failures. COLLABORATE (with everybody): We strive to work together toward a common purpose by proactively sharing information and inviting participation. We recognize the perspective of various groups and embrace healthy, constructive debate. WHY JOIN THE FREEDOM FAMILY? Fast, continued growth – there’s a lot of opportunity for advancement Voted a Best Place to Work multiple times by our employees, most recently 1 in Phoenix for the 2nd year in a row! Benefits start within 30 days 401k with employer match 3 weeks’ paid vacation (increased with tenure) 9 paid holidays & 5 sick days Paid time off for volunteer work and on your birthday This is your opportunity to be part of a growing company where dedicated professionals strive to help customers and each other succeed every day. If that sounds exciting, we want to talk to you. Apply today!