Under the general direction of the Director of the Enterprise Data Warehouse/AVP of Business Intelligence: responsible for the technical architectural designs needed for development, enhancement, and support of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW). Responsible for feasibility studies, time and cost estimates, and the establishment and implementation of new or revised applications systems and programs. Assists in projecting software and hardware requirements. Accountable for architecting and designing comprehensive solutions that meet business requirements and incrementally move the data warehouse to the future state. The ideal individual will be responsible for successful development and overall accountability for Data Warehousing development projects in the healthcare space. The Manager will assign personnel to various projects and direct their activities. He or she reviews and evaluates work and prepares performance reports; confers with and advises subordinates on administrative policies and procedures, technical problems, priorities, and methods; consults with personnel in other information systems sections to coordinate activities; prepares activity and progress reports. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage and mentor a large and diverse team of, Software Designers and Developers, and vendor partners to lead the development of the technical solutions platform of Enterprise Data Warehouse to support next-generation data integration and data integrity for business intelligence and analytics. Provide a strong technology leadership to the IT team. Analyze enterprise business drivers and IT strategy to create current state and future state diagrams of EDW technology focusing on data integration but also encompassing data definition, data standardization, data mastering and data governance. Analyze enterprise business drivers to determine corresponding Information Architecture change requirements. Provide technology direction and leadership to proactively upgrade and align solutions with evolving technologies and business needs, including implementation strategies, focusing on solution optimization and stability. Design and govern the implementation of ETL, data processing, and data visualization design based on business requirements and IT strategies Define the principles to guide ETL and data processing solution decisions for the programs / projects leveraging DW and visualization architecture artifacts and industry best practices. Manage the work of and provides leadership to application staff to support the planning, design/build, test, implementation, support and operational needs of the organization. This includes, but is not limited to, project management, resource planning, assessment of integration and/or interface needs, support and maintenance. Create/review conceptual, logical, and/or physical design , incorporating discrete and big data, analytics framework and data integration best practices Define, implement and evolve source code and change/release management methodologies and other Software Life Cycle Development (SDLC) processes and build tools to operationalize them. Plan solutions with performance, scalability, HIPAA security and reusability in mind and drive assessment of these trade-offs throughout the SDLC. Establish performance, efficiency and stability benchmarks, build and implement custom tools to proactively monitor and analyze solution performance and health across all parts, and continually improve them. Act as a technical advisor and participate as needed in development/testing efforts within the team to maintain consistency and continuity. Evaluate trends on performance, capacity and operational health and develops plans to address key issues. Resolve most issues independently within the team and partners with vendors to resolve more complex issues. Provide preventative maintenance, troubleshooting and resolves problems to ensure infrastructure and application stability. Lead continual improvement best practices by identifying and diagnosing improvement opportunities. Suggest improvements to solution architects and supervisors Stay current with EDW and related analytics technology capabilities and bring the best practices into the development of the EDW program. Promote, develop and adhere to system standards, and best practices. Collaborate with team to promote re-use and develop consistent technical build, implementation and support processes. Establish/Support processes to support strong governance around scope, schedules, financials, change management, deliverable quality and release management. Oversee proofs of concepts for new technology, processes, and/or workflows. Implements applications according to requirements, specifications and compliance/regulatory standards. Effectively manage conflict and work together with team members, colleagues, and other leaders. Effectively oversee, lead, communicate, present, influence and utilize reasoning skills to earn support of staff, colleagues, leadership, and customers. Administer personnel-related matters, including interviewing and hiring, performance evaluations, disciplinary action, coaching/mentoring, and staff development. EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer Engineering, Systems Analysis or a related field required. Master’s degree preferred. 10 years of progressive work experience in multiple IT areas, including 5 - 7 years of relevant domain experience in data warehousing and/or analytics technologies is required. Prior experience in a technical lead or consulting role leading Information Management related initiatives (system integration, data warehouse build, data mart build, or similar) is required. Requires expert level knowledge and understanding of data warehouse architecture, application design, systems engineering, SDLC and integration. Demonstrated experience leading teams that analyze complex data related issues and/or logical data models in support of corporate and customer information systems requirements. Solid understanding of methodologies and technologies that depict the flow of data within and between technology systems and business functions/operations Must be able to handle difficult and sensitive situations using sound, independent judgment within general policy and legal guidelines. Must have led the design and architecture of end to end implementations of multiple large scale data integration projects Proven track record in managing diverse teams, including highly-skilled technical resources as well as developing team members of varying skill levels. Ability to assign, guide, and monitor the work of others regardless of the reporting relationship (direct, project, indirect). Excellent strategic thinker with ability to provide thoughtful leadership to develop creative solutions for complex business and technical problems. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to develop and present complex material effectively to a variety of audiences – technical and non-technical, staff, management and leadership. Must have expert level knowledge of a) ETL tools like Microsoft SSIS/ Data stage / Informatica / AbInitio b) Windows and Unix scripting, SQL , PL/SQL c) Data Analysis services such as Microsoft SSAS d) Data Governance, Data architecture and Master data management processes e) Programming languages such as Microsoft .NET, C, Python, Javascript frameworks Knowledge of large data distributed processing frameworks and advanced analytics technologies such as Hadoop, Machine learning and/or NLP is preferred. High degree of healthcare provider or payer industry knowledge is preferred Knowledge of statistical analytics tools such as SAS, R is preferred Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.