This is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30B addressable market. PROS culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. We have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. We’re committed to the success of our customers. That’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible. Our people make PROS stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets. Strategic Consultant- Travel Reporting to the Director of Strategic Consulting, The Strategic Consultant has the responsibility for supporting all aspects of the pre-sales process and, in conjunction with an Executive Account Manager, navigates and guides PROS prospects through initial solution identification to a decision to purchase. A Day in the Life of the Strategic Consultant \- About the role: Differentiates PROS Airline solutions from the competition by: Demonstrating in the software how PROS can meet the customer’s immediate requirements, while also providing unique capabilities to further improve their revenue performance. Explaining PROS industry proven scientific forecasting and optimization capabilities. Mapping PROS’ RM, sales and availability capabilities to the business needs of the airline. Discussing anecdotes about how leading airlines are using PROS to improve their sales and RM practices and performance. Developing a value case analysis to assist customers with their decision. Confidently answering questions about how PROS solves specific challenges customers face. Works with the customer to jointly develop the business justification for the purchase. As part of the account team, develops the winning sales strategy for each opportunity. Using thought leadership and industry knowledge, builds relationships and trust at all levels within the customer’s organization, from analysts to CEO. Actively participates in relevant blogs, presents at conferences and contributes to whitepapers. Adjusts their communication style in response to different environments and cultures around the world. Provides ideas for further product enhancement to the Product Management team. Post-contract, transitions the knowledge of the customer and solution to the implementation team, enabling the team to be immediately effective. Participates in customer health checks to ensure customers are effectively using PROS solutions and continuing to adhere to best practices. Proactively maintains product and industry expertise, staying on the front edge of leading industry science and best practices. Capable of communicating scientific forecasting and optimization methods, dynamic pricing, availability management, fare quoting and merchandising, Leg/Seg vs. Origin Destination (O&D) RM, and group sales best practices Required Qualifications - About you: We are looking for candidates who possess the combination of the following achievements, skills and behaviors: Experience in airline RM, distribution, pricing or ecommerce. Deep expertise in industry leading RM, pricing, availability, shopping and merchandising solutions. Thorough understanding of the competitive landscape. Strong and confident communication, both verbal and written. Bachelor’s Degree in Operations Research, Engineering or Business. MBA a plus. Demonstrated experience exceeding goals and financial targets. Experience developing go-to-market plans, business cases, and ROI / TCO cases. Significant senior, pre-sales and enterprise / applications / solution sales and/or consulting experience. Willing to travel approximately 50% of the time to prospects and customers around the world. Travel to Houston corporate office, typically monthly, but more often during first 6 months of employment. Knowledge in NDC and One Order IATA initiatives, Reservation and Global Distribution Systems (GDS), ATPCO fare rules, dynamic pricing, availability management, merchandising and ancillary revenue practices Skills & Personal Characteristics: Ownership Passion Pride Trust Integrity Innovation Customer Centricity Work Environment: Most work activities are performed in an office or home-office environment and require little to moderate physical exertion. Work activities may require periods of extended hours, critical deadlines and stressful situations. To successfully complete the tasks of this position, individuals must be able to communicate clearly (in writing and orally), comprehend business terminology, interpret numerical data. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. About PROS PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) is a cloud software company powering the shift to modern commerce by helping companies create personalized and frictionless buying experiences for their customers. Fueled by dynamic pricing science and machine learning, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services in an omnichannel environment with speed, precision and consistency. Our customers, who are leaders in their markets, benefit from decades of data science expertise infused into our industry solutions. To learn more, visit pros.com.