Highline College is situated in a diverse community just 20 minutes south of Seattle where we serve a student population of over 70% students of color, representing over 35 nations and more than 100 languages. The college embraces equity, inclusion, and social justice, with core goals of Student Attainment, Diversity, Community Engagement, and Sustainability. Highline received a distinguished Award of Excellence from the American Association of Community Colleges in 2014, as well as the Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) award in 2013 and 2014. The college was also named one of the Chronicle of Higher Education's Best Colleges to Work For in 2010, 2013 and 2015. The position under designated authority procures, orders, receives, stores, inventories, and issues a variety of services, materials, supplies, parts, and equipment for on behalf of the college. The position also issues bids and awards contracts within dollar limitations assigned by the purchasing authority. This position is a classified full-time position, which is eligible for overtime. Salary Information : The salary range stated above reflects the starting step of Range 39 (Step A) and ending step (Step L) salary for this classified position. Based on salary placement of Step A, it will take 5.5 years to reach Step L on the salary schedule. This does not reflect any contractual changes, legislative mandated salary increases or Cost of Living Increases (COLA's) that may be approved in the future. Essential Tasks Reporting directly to the Purchasing Manager, this position will: Procure supplies, services, materials, and equipment; Determine appropriate course of action/procurement methodology; Prepare request for quotes based on information appropriate requestor. Review quotes and award contracts within the within dollar limitations; Research new sources of supply; Locate and contact vendors and suppliers; Contact vendors/suppliers when there are discrepancies; Initiate change orders if items are not received; Ensure OFM compliance with small and attractive inventory and maintain system; Provide training to employees on purchasing and rules, regulations, and policies. Ability to: Understand policies and procedures; Establish and maintain effective working relationships; Adapt rapidly to changing market conditions and/or customer needs; Work effectively with automated procurement and supply management systems; Prepare basic contract specifications; Analyze bids or proposals and determine award; Prepare, maintain and interpret procurement and contract statistics and management reports; Prepare and maintain supply records; Work with diverse academic, cultural, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students and employees; Proficiently use Microsoft Suite; Communicate effectively (written and verbal). Knowledge of: Federal rules and policies; Procurement methodology; Procurement laws; Contracts, Purchasing, Specification writing, and Evaluating; Awarding of bids. Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Associate Degree in Business Administration, Purchasing Management, Accounting, or related field; AND One year of full-time purchasing experience. OR High school diploma or equivalent; AND Three years experience as a purchasing professional. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Experience working in a college environment Supplemental Information Your online application must include the following attachments in order to be considered complete: Current Resume; Letter of Interest (Cover Letter) describing how your skills and abilities relate to this position; A one page Diversity Response (found in the Supplemental Questions). CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: A National Criminal Background Check may be required; This position is covered under the the Washington Public Employees Association (WPEA) bargaining agreement. Applications received by the closing date will receive first consideration. Applications received after this date may be considered until the position is filled. APPLICATIONS MAY BE FILED ONLINE AT: http://humanresources.highline.edu/job