Please refer to job 201318 when submitting your résumé. The Technical Support III (L3) position is a designated product, software and services support specialist in ESI’s Customer Services organization. The key role of the Customer Services organization is to field Reseller product inquiries which include trouble reporting and issue isolation/identification and correction. Specifically, the role of the L3 Support Technician is to provide an elevated/escalated role of support to internal and external customers. Department Technical Support Responsibilities Provide Tier 3 support for the Technical Support Center: Receive and analyze any information submitted escalated by Technical Support for the identification, validation, resolution of customer reported issues. Update MAS500 Service Management Incident as required with the appropriate status and resolution codes. For verified software “bugs” or “enhancements,” create a bug number and associated detail within the Redmine/JIRA/Kayako database. Provide feedback and support to the Technical Support Center on specific resolution actions (programming changes, system “pokes,” etc.). Act as primary liaison among Operations, Services, and Engineering for the escalation of any unresolved issues that require Engineer support for resolution: Gather all necessary information (as detailed in the Escalation Matrix) and submit to Engineering (Product/Services) for review. Based on feedback provided by Engineering, communicate issue resolution information back to Operations/TSC or document additional information required for issue root cause determination. Functions Provide support to L2 Technical Support staff without escalation. Assist with knowledge generation for Knowledge Base management. Validate and document bug identification. Pre-sales support questions. Application design and implementation advisory. New/beta product activity. Escalation resolution and/or deflation. Direct interaction with Product Engineering and Network Operations staffs. Qualifications Must have excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills in interfacing with all departments. Ten years’ help desk experience, with a portion of this time supporting telephony (phone systems) and networks. Previous technical support experience operating in a Tier 2 or above capacity. Excellent verbal and interpersonal skills for interfacing with Resellers. Fluent in English. Ability to sit at a workstation and computer keyboard for long periods of time and use the telephone extensively. A good attitude with willingness and flexibility. Apply Now