Job Summary Are you interested in leading our technical efforts to build and succeed with cloud services integrated into the Azure cloud? The Cloud services team within NetApp's Cloud Data Services Business Unit is looking for a strong candidate to be a key contributor to our efforts to build cloud services within the Azure cloud and drive impactful joint GTM efforts with them. Azure is a leading cloud services provider and a key strategic partner for NetApp, so this position carries broad visibility across NetApp. This Senior Solution Architect is a hands-on position where the candidate will be expected to have a solid understanding of the Azure cloud and have the ability to define the opportunities for NetApp's technology to provide unique value within that environment. The ideal candidate will have the ability to span the Azure and NetApp technologies and bring a customer centric view to their work. Essential Functions: Working closely with product management, you will help assess and define our roadmap of solutions and business opportunities You will lead the technical side of solutions planning, including defining the market opportunity, competitive assessments, and requirements definition which often will require researching, proposing, managing and designing partner integrations highlighting NetApp technologies. The role requires hands on testing of the solutions for usability, performance, customer fit You will be a Subject Matter Expert in the Azure across NetApp, and will play a key role in the creation of go-to-market plans (sales tools, customer value definition, demos etc). You will train NetApp and cloud partner technical sales teams (SAs, SEs), and speak at conferences Job Requirements Broad experience with NetApp and cloud services (preferably Azure) technologies and use cases; Customer focused Understanding of cloud customer trends, use cases, technologies, and buyers Proven ability to lead a high-impact technical engagement with a customer/partner; Proven ability to effectively estimate work completion required to build an overall predictable plan Not a fire starter, but someone who knows how to get things done. Ability to lead across business unit teams and have strong influencing skills at the Senior and Executive level. Excellent spoken and written communication skills. Must be able to manage multiple priorities and complex tasks in a dynamic work environment. Ability to build strong working relationships across all levels of the organization internally and with partners externally, in broad technology areas. Responsibility and Interaction: The tasks you will be responsible for are often unstructured and the issues addressed are less defined requiring new perspectives and creative approaches. You will apply attained experiences and knowledge in solving problems that are complex in scope and scale requiring in-depth evaluation. Demonstrate good judgment in solving problems as well as identifying problems in advance, and proposing solutions. Interaction: You must work effectively with Staff to Vice President level employees within the function, across functions and with external parties. Limited supervision and direction is provided, as this individual can operate and drive strategic results without boundaries and set priorities independently. The ideal candidate will be a proactive contributor, influencer, and subject matter expert. To be successful, you must demonstrate favorable results through regular leadership and influencing others. Often acts as a mentor to both senior and junior engineers Education A minimum of 12 years of experience is required; A Bachelor of Science or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science or related technical discipline; or equivalent experience is required Has the experience to assess the feasibility of providing solutions to complex problems given time, budget, and resource constraints. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled.