Customer Analytics Manager Greater Boston Area Retail $140,000 - $160,000 One of my global clients in the Greater Boston Area is one of the most well- known name brands in CPG retail in the world. This is a brand new role that has been created to manage the customer and database analytics team, who work on advanced analytics and predictive modeling projects. You will be responsible for creating all customer KPI frameworks, measuring customer engagement with data across all channels, building predictive models in open source technologies including R and Python to predict growth and customer behaviors. The Company: My client is globally renowned CPG Retailer. They have been a major competitor in the market for 40+ years and are in a tremendous period of growth now. To insure they stay ahead of the curve they are looking to bring the best talent onboard. The Role: In this Customer Analytics Manager role, you'll be expected to have seasoned experience building advanced analytics modeling to predict customer behaviors across all channels. You will be regularly communicating and collaborating with internal stakeholders to lead on all projects and understand constraints. You will also be required to reveal customer insights through data-driven recommendations, as well as advise marketing ROI and new, innovative and data- driven strategies. Leadership experience is always looked favorably upon as you will be managing a team of 3-5. Create customer segmentation and profiling models in R, Python and SQL based on sales and campaign engagement Report results of customer KPI metrics and track success of strategies implemented Deliver insights to internal leadership based on customer engagement Leading, inspiring, and attracting top talent to continue to push the brand forward Skills and Experience: Management experience with technical teams using R, SQL, Python Experience with global audiences is highly desirable due to the scope of work Seasoned experience in advanced analytics, customer modeling, and segmentation including regression analysis Experience managing stakeholders, both internal and external HOW TO APPLY Please register your interest by sending your resume to Allen Jackson