We are looking for a data engineer to increase accessibility to data as well our ability to analyze it in a flexible, performant, accurate, and easy to use way. The role will be fairly technical in nature since you will be the first engineering hire specifically focused on data. You will be expected to work closely with all other teams to ensure that their data needs are met, and in particular help provide guidance for product. This position reports directly to the Chief Technical Officer. Please note that we use Clojure [https://clojure.org] as our primary language and Datomic [https://datomic.com] as our primary datastore. No previous Clojure/Datomic experience is required but an interest and willingness to learn is important since it will be one of the major data sources you will need to operate with. Responsibilities and Duties: Data Infrastructure: Design, implement, automate, and maintain ETL pipeline, Redshift cluster, as well as all querying reporting, and monitoring infrastructure. Bring in and manage all data that may be useful including from external sources like Zendesk or Salesforce. Product Operations: Inform, influence, and support our strategic decisions and product launches. Help define the goals and metrics we should be targeting and create reports dashboards. Design and evaluate experiments, monitor key product metrics. Exploratory Analysis and Leadership: Assist other teams with query writing; provide generic composable queries, filters, and datasets. Help other teams develop data querying and analytical expertise. Understand ecosystems, user behavior, and long-term trends and help build prediction models around supply/demand. Influence how the entire company thinks about data. Qualifications: 2+ years’ experience doing quantitative analysis BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics or other associated technical field. Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance, communicate and prioritize well. Startup or Internet-based company experience is helpful. Experience in SQL, Datalog or related data query languages Experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.) Experience with a statistical package such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc. and visualization package such as Tableau, Mode Analytics, Crystal Reports, etc. Perks: Medical/dental benefits Generous PTO Paid holidays Stock options 401k match Maternity/Paternity leave benefits A stocked kitchen and unlimited caffeine Mission-driven work Fun, collaborative, balanced culture Swing Education is an equal opportunity employer and strongly encourages applications from people of color, persons with disabilities, women, and LGBT applicants