Who we are At Criteo, we connect 1.4 billion active shoppers with the things they need and love. Our mission is to create an open, transparent and fair marketing ecosystem. With more than $600 billion in annual commerce sales and 600 terabytes of daily shopper data, we deliver performance at scale. And, with over 30 offices across the world, our company DNA is truly international. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the world’s internet users? Join us and be part of something big. The Analyst role works with senior management to support strategic planning activities by providing actionable recommendations based on assessments of markets and competitors, both existing and potential. Who you'll do Identify, quantify and inform the leadership and corporate strategy teams about threats and opportunities in our markets. Perform ongoing research on competition and market trends to provide competitive analysis and market intelligence on existing and considered new products Develop a clearinghouse for unique external information gathered from the different parts of the company Provide regular intelligence to executives to inform decisions Create and update comprehensive industry and competitor models including but not limited to market share, growth projections and trends, and market forces Perform thorough, systematic analysis of key industry trends; legal and regularory issues; current and potential competitors Maintain corporate dashboards on key trends in our data, up-to-date knowledge of data sources, and leverage them across the company where appropriate Provide market and competitive insights through presentations and reports to various internal management teams to allow effective strategic and tactical decision-making and implementation Identify prospects for M &A; and partnerships Supply the market and competitive intelligence component of strategic planning, and proactively makes recommendations to management concerning key intelligence items that require further consideration. Who you are Strong comprehension of advertising, marketing and/or ecommerce ecosystems, with ability to provide in-depth perspective on technologies, business models, and strategic implications Ideal candidate should have experience in capital markets (eg Equity Research) in their background Communication skills, seniority and holistic understanding of our markets that enable access to unique information whether internally or externally at an executive level Technical analytical skills to investigate our internal data Analytical, synthesis and writing skills enabling effective and actionable reports for leadership team At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging. Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.