We are looking for a mid-level full stack developer to join our Enterprise Data Management (EDM) team in our Enterprise Data Warehouse group. The EDM team supports and is responsible for the health of the “Raptor” tool which is the engine that allows us to hook into source systems to move and maintain a mirror image of data in near “real time” into the Enterprise Data Lake, Hadoop and other locations without source system downtime. Successful applicants will have attributes of a motivated, self-starter who is a quick learner who possess strong communication skills. The candidate should have a positive attitude and be comfortable working as part of a collaborative team as well as independently. The individual for this position will be expected to analyze, design, develop and test solutions for complex application features. This position will require collaboration with business analysts, architects and developers to deliver high quality enterprise solutions. The ideal candidate would enjoy taking risks to bring new ideas and technologies to leadership for continual organizational growth, as well as experience in Software Development utilizing REACT, .NET and SQL, MongoDB, and/or ElasticSearch Server technologies. Responsibilities: Design and develop solutions required for complex application features Work closely with analysts to understand the business scenarios and requirements Provide accurate technical estimates Write high quality code that integrates into the existing applications Conduct unit and functional testing Maintain integrity of application architecture and work with architects on design Collaborate with internal IT teams and external business representatives to deliver solutions Qualifications: A minimum of three years of experience in a software development role Experience with C Conducted Object Oriented analysis, design and development Experience with Restful API architecture A sound technical knowledge of current and emerging .NET frameworks Knowledge and/or experience with database technologies (SQL/MongoDB/ElasticSearch) Experience with testing frameworks like Visual Studio Unit Testing, Nunit, Funq, Protractor, Karma Have proven experience delivering enterprise level solutions in a timely manner with high quality Must be a self-starter with strong communication and problem solving skills Proven track record of effectively delivering software in a fast paced environment Desire to keep up with emerging technologies in software development Preferred Qualifications: Data Warehouse exposure Working experience with .NET 4.6, Service Stack or Web API Knowledge or experience with messaging technologies (Kafka, rabbitMQ) Experience with Angular 2.0 or Angular 1.x or REACT Working experience with Typescript Working experience with ECMAScript 6 Experience developing graphical user interfaces using design patterns Knowledge of developing user interfaces using Angular and Bootstrap Working experience with Git or Tfs Knowledge of logistics systems Required Education: Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IS, MIS, or other Technology degree or equivalent work experience. Coding “Bootcamp” graduates also considered with equivalent work experience Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson Become a part of our team of over 500 talented IT Professionals. Work in collaborative, Agile development environment. Find continuing challenges and work with committed leaders. Stay with us – we’re large enough to build global solutions, but small enough to make real impacts as individuals. C.H. Robinson—accelerating careers with immense opportunities and professional growth within the global supply chain industry. Start here. Accelerate here. Every individual working at C.H. Robinson is integral to the success of our customers and our company. C.H. Robinson is a Fortune 500, global company that values teamwork, initiative, accountability, and integrity from its employees. We work globally and innovate daily to enhance and execute supply chains that move goods around the world. The fast pace of the logistics industry translates into a high-energy and collaborative workplace environment. We are empowered to make decisions, help our customers grow, and accelerate our careers. No matter the product being shipped or from which corner of the globe, C.H. Robinson can help make it happen—quickly, securely, and reliably. Through personal connections and solid relationships, our employees use their in-depth knowledge, robust tools, and global network to help customers reach their goals quickly. Whether shipping by plane, rail, ship, or truck, C.H. Robinson has the knowledge, flexibility, and dedication to deliver the goods that make our world go ‘round. Join the 12,000 employees worldwide who are accelerating their careers at C.H. Robinson. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran LI-MM1