At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've brought new products and technologies to the world - in nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals - that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve. Job Summary: Working under general supervision, researches, writes, and edits systems documentation, procedures, work instructions and attendant manuals in support of manufacturing and engineering functions related to high technology assembly operation. Job Duties: Working within the confines of the St. Jude Quality Assurance policy as well as domestic and international regulatory requirements, writes, edits, and formats a wide variety of assigned product manuals. Collaborates with development engineering, marketing, regulatory affairs, and clinical engineering personnel, among others, to ensure accuracy and completeness. Recommends overall organization and layout, mode of presentation, publication methods, and related matters. Develops publication concepts for the best communication of subject matter. Coordinates with graphic design, translation, and production personnel to meet publication schedules. Coordinates publication with outside sources and vendors. Leads projects to implement new technology for use by Technical Publications. Leads projects to improve departmental processes that require cooperation from other functional groups. Troubleshoots existing processes and technologies. Remains current on developments in and knowledge of the company's products, markets, policies, and objectives, including regulatory requirements and restrictions. Support all Company initiatives as identified by management and in support of Quality Management Systems (QMS), Environmental Management Systems (EMS), and other regulatory requirements. Complies with U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations, other regulatory requirements, Company policies, operating procedures, processes, and task assignments. Maintains positive and cooperative communications and collaboration with all levels of employees, customers, contractors, and vendors. Performs other related duties and responsibilities, on occasion, as assigned. General Qualifications: Requires a Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant technical discipline, Communications, Marketing, English or equivalent Minimum 1+ years of experience as a technical writer, preferably in a medical device company environment. Must possess comprehensive written and verbal communication, interpersonal, presentation, analytical, project management skills and the ability to prioritize and handle a large volume of projects simultaneously and meet deadlines. Must be highly organized and attentive to detail. Experience working in a broader enterprise/cross-division business unit model preferred. Ability to work in a highly matrixed and geographically diverse business environment. Ability to work within a team and as an individual contributor in a fast-paced, changing environment. Ability to leverage and/or engage others to accomplish projects. Strong verbal and written communications with ability to effectively communicate at multiple levels in the organization. Multitasks, prioritizes and meets deadlines in timely manner. Strong organizational and follow-up skills, as well as attention to detail. Ability to travel approximately 5%, including internationally. Ability to maintain regular and predictable attendance.