Overview At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. Our Oracle National Business Unit is an Oracle Platinum Partner. We use small, expert project teams that deliver high-value, measurable results by working collaboratively with clients through a user-centered, technology-based and business-driven solutions methodology. We believe this approach enhances return-on-investment for our clients by significantly reducing the time and risk associated with designing and implementing eBusiness integration solutions. Perficient currently has a career opportunity for an Oracle Financials Lead Business Consultant in our Oracle National Business Unit. Job Overview: The role of the Business Consultant is for individuals passionate about identifying and delivering the right Business solution for each client. Our Business Consultants have a keen Business orientation with an understanding of how technology can be effectively applied to meet a variety of Business needs. A Business Consultant thrives in challenging environments and accomplishes difficult assignments without significant supervision and instruction. Our Consultants can handle the stress of being accountable for delivery and: complete goals on time, practice strong attention to detail, persevere through tough obstacles, and do not get easily discouraged. The Lead Business Consultant will help Lead client through Cloud ERP Financials business process optimization and training on the product. They will be involved in the strategic planning of an engagement or helping the client make decisions about their future IT direction. Once a project has begun, the Lead Business Consultant will facilitate key requirements with stakeholders and customers using standard and User Experience techniques. The Senior Business Consultant may be responsible for functional designs, detailed designs and system mapping, wireframes, requirement specifications, and prototypes. The Lead Business Consultant works with the Senior Business Consultant and Senior Project Managers to assist with daily operations exercising time management, communication and collaboration in a fast-paced environment to ensure the successful delivery of projects. The Lead Business Consultant will interface with Perficient technical and business delivery personnel, as well as vendors and customers on a regular basis. The Lead Business Consultant will also participate as a Sales Consultant on multiple pipleline opportunities. Candidate must have first hand operating knowledge of the applications. Responsibilities Oracle Cloud ERP Fiancials Implementations, Training, Sales Consulting Build trusted client relationships through proactive account management and effective project delivery. Maintains regular client communication and satisfaction, ensuring opportunities and challenges are addressed in a timely manner. Translate client’s business needs into detailed business requirements documents, use cases and systems interaction diagrams. Helps to establish critical path, milestones, delivery dates, and review client deliverables to ensure they meet client acceptance criteria. Provides leadership throughout the lifecycles of a project, guiding the understanding the project team has through design and development to ensure project requirements are met Helps establish project test strategy, methodologies, test plans as well as assist with test execution. Instills team commitment to company delivery methodologies and practices Qualifications Expertise in Oracle Cloud ERP applications, Training and Sales Consulting Experience implementing and upgrading Oracle Financials and Cloud Financials. Minimumof 3-4 full life-cycle implementations and/or upgrade projects Ability to lead activities such as requirements analysis, business process design/re-engineering, gap/fit analysis, reporting analysis, application configuration, CRP testing, user training and production support Ability to produce functional requirements for Reports, Interfaces, Conversions and Enhancements Knowledge of Oracle's AIM methodology or similar implementation methodologies Strong verbal and written communication skills ability to effectively communicate with client users and management, and deliver presentations Solid client management and consulting skills Must be open to up to travel. Knowledge of Oracle SQLPlus, Discoverer, XML Publisher, Vertex and/or 170 Systems is a plus CPA or Accounting background is a plus Preferred skills and education: Bachelors Degree in Business Admin or Accounting Cloud Certifications Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work. More About Perficient Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P SmallCap 600 index. _Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _Disclaimer:_ _The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time._ _LI-BA1_