West Monroe isn’t a start-up consulting firm, but we act like one. From day one, our people have the opportunity to make a definitive personal impact for their clients and their careers. What does this mean? It means we seek out the best of the best, and then we challenge them to make us better. If you are looking to be a “behind the scenes” technologist, this isn’t the place for you. We celebrate driven professionals who thrive in a collaborative environment. Our consultants work on front lines – partnering with clients to deliver game changing solutions in the most dynamic industries. Sound interesting? Then West Monroe Partners just might be the place for you. What are we looking for? Our Cloud and Infrastructure Practice is seeking a Cloud Architect with experience in Active Directory, Server Virtualization, Cloud Platforms, and Microsoft Exchange. This position requires a candidate with strong business acumen along with technical depth to assist with architecture, implementation, and domain migrations for enterprise size companies. You have proven experience designing and implementing these technologies and solutions, and you’re excited about building a team. What will you be doing? Assessing current state client business processes, gathering and defining business and technology requirements, and re-engineering new business processes, capabilities, and supporting technologies for clients Evaluating, recommending, and implementing new business processes and technology that enable and drive client performance Working directly with clients and West Monroe Partners’ project teams to implement processes and technology that support various technical and business functions Hands on engineering, configuration, and of highly available server infrastructures Developing platform infrastructure server strategies Applicable projects span the lifecycle from planning and design, through deployment, configuration, and migration. Here’s what you need to bring to the table: Bachelor’s Degree + Minimum of 4 years’ experience within IT Management consulting experience is preferred Hands-on experience with the following: Active Directory, Windows Server, Virtualization, and Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, etc.) Experience and expertise within the Microsoft platform and Windows Server Strong Project Management skills and ability to drive projects through to completion MCSE or MCITP a plus Ability to travel up to 80% in a client-facing capacity. Must be able to legally work in the US without limitation . West Monroe Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer - We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.