What part will you play? Burbank Television Enterprises LLC seeks an Analyst, Data Analytics & Content Distribution Research for the MR Syndication department. The Analyst of Data Analytics and Content Distribution Research requires use of research across all media types to create analysis and materials for all Warner Bros. and Warner Bros. associated series, movies and animation properties for Cable, SVOD, AVOD, Local Stations, and emerging partners to directly drive business growth and revenue. This role tracks and analyzes Basic Cable, Pay Cable and Digital content and networks, providing key strategic and actionable insights to the Television Distribution executives. This role is internal business-partner facing, and requires the ability to communicate findings verbally and through data visualization. This role plays a critical role in constructing dashboards and visualizing disparate big data sets with Tableau, and deploying analytical tools and metrics to help drive decision-making with actionable insights and predictions. Essential Job Functions Market Intelligence Build distribution analysis and performance for WB series, movies and animation properties on Broadcast, Cable, Premium Cable, SVOD, AVOD, and emerging platforms, by utilizing disparate big data sources (including but not limited to Nielsen, SVOD, social, digital, external market research, and WB internal data). Synthesize key data points and provide to Television Executives. Construct custom dashboards in Tableau to visualize big data sources to provide business-critical analytics and strategic insight to drive sales strategy. Communicate these insights concisely for non-technical business partners. Provide analytics of full industry content spectrum, including SVOD, AVOD, OTT Services, Social, Digital, Basic Cable, Premium Cable, Broadcast Primetime and local market Syndication. Collaboration & Leadership Partner with Distribution Executives around existing and new business opportunities to build distribution related strategies. Partner and collaborate with cross functional teams to define a unified distribution strategy. Qualifications / Requirements: Minimum of 1 year in research or marketing with an emphasis on measurement and relevant education in advanced analytics. Strong data and digital analytics, Tableau dashboard building, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint skills required. A highly motivated self-starter with the ability to think strategically, work under extreme deadline pressure, be flexible in prioritizing workloads and have extreme attention to detail. A team player with a proven track record of building collaborative relationships across organizations. An innovator looking for new solutions, willing to explore new venues to further business goals. Skill set combination of quantitative, qualitative, consumer research, media and sales. Strong understanding and curiosity for emerging analytics techniques and how they translate into actionable insights for the business. Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Reading documents, detailed work, confidentiality, problem solving, language skills, deadline work, training, math skills, reasoning, verbal and written communication skills, customer contact, multiple concurrent tasks, constant interruptions. Characteristics: A highly motivated self-starter with the ability to think strategically, work under extreme deadline pressure, be flexible in prioritizing workloads and have extreme attention to detail A team player with a proven track record of building collaborative relationships across organizations. An innovator looking for new solutions, willing to explore new venues to further business goals Skill set combination of quantitative, qualitative, consumer research, media and sales Strong understanding and curiosity for emerging analytics techniques and how they translate into actionable insights for the business Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills