Title : Manager, Business Analytics and Operations Location : Santa Clara, CA This position reports to: Sr Director Business Operations and Strategy, Platform BU (Genia Jacques) Cost Center : 6355 – Platform BU ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. What you get to do in this role: Platform Business Unit is a relatively new Business Unit within ServiceNow, created to capitalize on the amazing momentum we’ve had with our Application Platform as a Service offering (in 2018 Gartner included ServiceNow as a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Enterprise high productivity Application Platform as a Service). A person in this role will play an active part in helping us build an exciting business with a lot of potential. Extract, analyze and use data to build analysis, metrics, dashboards and drive insights to support decision-making Work with our finance and BI teams to help design and implement new data insights solutions, including reporting dashboards Help define and monitor metrics and dashboards, provide regular reporting on key metrics Seek to triangulate data coming from difference sources, identify data quality issues & interact with teams to get these fixed Use visuals/charts to tell the data story Build/work with financial models, sanity check assumptions Take on project management responsibilities as needed and be able to collaborate with a broad set of cross functional teams to make sure the project is moving forward To be successful in this role, we need someone who has: Strong analytical skills with an interest in broadening your skills set to include operations and program management and growing as a business operations professional 5+ years of experience as a Business Analyst or Data Analyst Expert level Excel skills – advanced functions, pivot tables, charts, macros etc. Experience building, defining and enhancing KPIs, Dashboards and metrics Great BI tools skills, partnering with Business & Analytics teams on design & development of dashboards, prior experience with Business Intelligence platforms like Tableau or SAP BI Strong SQL skills & statistical analysis tools like R, SAS, SPSS Strong collaboration skills Exceptional verbal, written communication and presentation skills Strong organizational and follow through skills, is a self starter - can figure out a way to get to what needs to be done or ask questions to get going We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.