About OpenMarket We’ve got a pretty good thing going on here at OpenMarket. We’re leaders of a mobile industry that's transforming the way customer obsessed businesses communicate with their customers. Join our team: we're friendly, caring, weirdly tenacious, and fun. The world’s biggest brands seek us out because we love finding ways to help them make their customers’ lives easier. It’s this obsession with customer experience that helps us develop software, technology and processes that competitors all over the world desire OpenMarket Culture We’re seeking enthusiastic, collaborative and resourceful people from a range of backgrounds who know how to get things done. Success comes from our culture, diversity and dynamic global team so we value people who are authentic, take ownership, and deliver together. Does this sound like you? Integration Engineer - Enterprise Tools As an Integration Engineer for tools, you will be responsible for owning the integration of 3rd Party applications for OpenMarket. You are an authority in capturing and analyzing functional requirements, applying core project management principles, collaborating across the organizational spectrum, and communicating in both technical and business terms. As an integral member of the Enterprise Business Applications team, leading projects to deliver the ultimate customer experience for our business tools. What you'll be doing Lead technical integration activities for tools such as Tableau and Salesforce Develop standard methodologies, governance and processes to add efficiencies for onboarding and maintaining 3rd Party tools Serve as the primary interface to internal customers and partner with technical teams Share technical integration requirements and lead integration and testing activities across multiple teams Create high quality process documentation Track relevant metrics and drive action items based on results Acting as the focal point of contact for tools, status, and issue resolution Maximize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are necessary. Work with development engineers, product managers, account managers and other departments to understand how our tools tackle our business problems Continuously work with project team members to evaluate risks and assess potential impacts on project delivery What to bring 3 - 5 years experience in solution integration/delivering, testing, and collaborating with customers. Extraordinary organizational skills, meticulous attention to detail, and the ability to maintain focus in fast paced environment. Ability to thoroughly document technical solutions Strong knowledge of Tableau and/or Salesforce Understanding of Web Services, high availability architectures, and software development. Self-motivated and self-managed with a high degree of dependability. Phenomenal problem-solving skills—creative and analytical with skills in lateral thinking and logical reasoning Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Tailors communications to the appropriate audience: wonderfully succinct A reciprocal working style—work well in a team environment Knowledge of mobile messaging, information security, or high availability, a plus You'll be a great fit if You love being a part of a small, dynamic, and agile team that encourages you to learn and grow You desire to work with some of the world’s top brands You love finding solutions to interesting problems and figuring out how things work You welcome having autonomy with complex tasks You are passionate about using your experience and expertise to inspire the team Education/training A Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience. Additional Information This position is open in Seattle, WA. OpenMarket embraces diversity and is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer. We are unable to sponsor new U.S. work visas at this time. Employment in this position may be contingent upon successful completion of a criminal and/or credit background investigation.