Company: CORP Enclave Location: US-TX-Houston Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor's Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Position Type: Exempt Travel Percentage: 0 More information about this job: OVERVIEW: At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco. POSITION SUMMARY: Compile and analyze data from multiple internal and external sources to identify relationships between employee activities and business results. Utilize various databases, software, and analytical tools to maintain relevant information and develop business analyses and deliverables (reports, etc.). Interpret and illustrate results of regular, on-going, and special analyses to support fact-based business decisions, including the development of associate engagement initiatives and human resource programs and strategies. RESPONSIBILITIES: Collaborate with Director, Engagement and VP, Total Rewards & Engagement to develop and implement HR data and business analytics strategy and methods. Identifies and compiles raw data elements and core business metrics from various internal and external sources in order to create and maintain a current database to perform both repeatable and special ad-hoc analyses and draw meaningful insights and conclusions. Contribute to the development of employee survey and other business data compilation methods. Drive the execution of periodic employee surveys in order to measure engagement and support the development of proactive business actions. Partner with internal and external stakeholders to establish efficient, accurate data gathering and transfer processes, administer surveys, and report on results. Work with leaders and HR Business Partners to interpret analyses, support action planning, efforts and track the impact of actions on business performance, employee engagement, etc., over time. Collaborate with colleagues in various functions to build analytics framework, including raw data requirements. Work with stakeholders to identify and create tracking/reporting protocols for key metrics that are aligned with Sysco’s business strategy. Collaborate with broader Sysco analytics efforts to ensure a unified strategic approach to people analytics. REQUIREMENTS: Education: Bachelors in Business, Economics, Statistics or related analytical field Experience: 3-5 years experience in data and business analysis, preferably in a Human Resources context; consulting experience preferred Technical Skills & Abilities: Able to identify and analyze data, discern trends, and draw relevant conclusions Critical thinking and strong analytical capabilities; statistical methods knowledge preferred Demonstrated project management and team coordination skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and strong attention to detail Able to illustrate and communicate technical concepts and analytical conclusions to create deliverables that are easily interpreted by non-technical users Able to multi-task, effectively managing a wide range of daily activities, both planned and unplanned Able to work as a productive, collaborative member of a team Advanced knowledge of Excel and other analysis applications; Tableau experience preferred; Workday experience a plus Intermediate knowledge other MS applications, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint Ideal candidate would have 1-2 years computer programming or statistical analysis Ideal candidate would have experience working with unstructured data sets and\or text analytics platforms Able to learn and navigate various software applications and data sources (e.g., SAS, SAP, HRIS, Survey Tools) Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Employment Type: Full Time