Job Title: Sr PHP Software Engineer (Full Stack) About the Opportunity: If you have an established history of innovation and the ability to think outside of the box, you should definitely apply for the role of full stack PHP software engineer at our successful, e-commerce client located in north Phoenix. In this role, you will play an important part in a small IT team and be the strategic point of contact for backend development. Responsibilities: Produce code of exceptional quality while keeping client and company needs in mind at all times. Work with senior managers, front-end developers, and marketing to create a robust e-commerce web platform. Expand, scale, and optimize various marketing and advertising sites and resolve any issues or technical glitches. Evaluate and periodically test new web-building technologies and apps, and report findings and opinions to senior staff members. Work with front-end developers and marketing to create an engaging customer experience that drives e-commerce. Attend team meetings regularly and communicate progress and difficulties to department heads. Qualifications: At least three (5) years of software development experience in PHP At least two (2) years of experience working with JavaScript in BackBone, Vue, JQuery and other frameworks Knowledgeable with Linux/UNIX, including starting and stopping services, installing software, and a basic understanding of DevOps on POSIX At least two (2) years of experience developing RESTful APIs and API integration. Experience with database management and integration Experience developing in JavaScript, jQuery, Strong understanding of web services. Experience with working in Linux based environment (Apache) Excellent communication skills Preferred: Development experience with PHP Laravel Experience with PostgreSQL Background in e-commerce or advertising Interested in learning more? Please don’t hesitate to give us a call at 480-887-8700 or visit our website www.sayvasolutions.com for more information, or follow our LinkedIn page for updates here: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sayva-solutions. If you are already working with a Sayva team member, contact them directly and they will be happy to discuss this opportunity in more detail. About Sayva: Sayva Technology provides consulting, contract to hire, and direct hire recruiting to support project and full-time placement needs. Our decades of combined industry experience has fostered a vast network and emphasis on efficiency, responsiveness, and quality results. LI-TO1