The Global Technology Services (IT) CAO team seeks a skilled candidate who can successfully lead and execute strategic initiatives to create significant value for the organization. Responsibilities Defines and implements communication strategy independently and in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Highly experienced in written communications (e.g. PPT) and skilled in developing executive-level presentations. Manages multiple projects and teams concurrently including strategic planning project management execution and communication. Facilitates working sessions of medium to large sized groups across all levels of the organization. Executes projects autonomously with minimal guidance/oversight. Must be proactive and takes initiative. Collaborates and contributes effectively in a team environment and builds strong relationships with team members including virtual (distributed and indirect) teams. Develops requests for information and templates in a clear and concise manner to ensure effective data gathering and analysis. Demonstrates flexibility in prioritizing and completing multiple tasks. Effective in strategic analysis and operational execution. Provides regular status updates identifies risks/issues and develops recommended mitigation approaches to manager. Ability to conduct strategic research on client industry and technical matters and provide summary on insights trends and benchmarks. Skills Required Proven quantitative and analytical skills (e.g. Excel, R, Tableau, etc.) and able to analyze large and complex datasets and develop relevant metrics and reporting quickly and accurately. Highly proficient in financial and accounting principles analysis and reporting. Candidates must be capable of working in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple projects concurrently in an independent manner. He/she works well with colleagues in a team environment and is able to manage stakeholders across all levels of the organization including senior management. Candidate will be proficient in defining and implementing communication strategy with mastery of both written and oral form and be able to negotiate and handle difficult situations effectively. Creative and innovative with strong analytical and problem solving skills including the ability to frame complex problems and develop recommended solutions. Must be highly analytical in problem-solving and decision-making and be comfortable in defining and implementing data driven decision making processes. Successful candidates will have 4-7 years of management consulting experience with a top-tier strategy consulting firm or comparable industry experience. Education BA/BS required, MBA or postgraduate degree a plus