Overview Cerium Networks, the leading network communication provider in the Northwest, has an immediate employment opportunity in the Northwest for an energetic, professional Cisco Solutions Architect. The Solutions Architect is responsible for participating in pre-sales calls or meetings to define client needs and business/IT requirements, identify and define technology solutions, prepare statements of work, Visio diagrams, and presentation documentation to articulate solutions and facilitate buy-in from all stakeholders. This position can be located in Seattle or Spokane, WA. Responsibilities Work with the sales team, understand the sales opportunity requirements and provide technical solutions that will meet the requirements. Provide and analyze designs to insure their accuracy and that it is the most effective design in meeting the needs. Knowledgeable of the latest technology and how it benefits the customer. Maintain effective communications with the sales organization so that they are aware of the solutions and reasonably informed of the solution details and their benefits. Communicate pro-actively and effectively with customers. Conduct product and technical demonstrations. Provide training, webinars, whitepapers as necessary to establish Cerium as the technology leader in the given area. Provide proposal, Statement of Work and Request for Proposal technical writing. Provide internal training as necessary to sales and the technical organization on solutions of interest in the market. Research and provide technical design solutions to resolve customer issues or questions. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required. Minimum 5 years of experience and training in Unified Communications systems or equivalent combination of education, training and experience. CCNA or CCDA certification required. CCDP, CCVP, CCNP or CCIE highly desirable. Extensive experience in the design and planning of complex solutions based on Cisco technologies, specifically Collaboration. Comparable experience and certifications in Juniper, HP, Dell, Force 10, Avaya/Nortel (data) will be considered. Experience with Netformx design tools a plus. Strong writing and presentation skills. Strong interpersonal skills with ability to build and maintain strong relationships with customers and manufactures. A collaborative mindset to work with fellow architects and engineers, as well as sales and partner resources. Demonstrate ability to define client needs and explain technical concepts.