We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the role Privacy Engineering’s mission is to make Uber the industry model for consumer privacy through products and services, standards in engineering, policy, and transparent communications. We are seeking experienced and passionate privacy experts with technical depth, product intuition and entrepreneurial spirit to join our effort to act as end-to-end privacy strategists for Uber product teams and Privacy Engineering team. You should be comfortable in uncharted territory as we build unique privacy technologies and grow user trust. We need your skills and enthusiasm to make it happen. What you’ll do Create and drive adoption of privacy frameworks and best practices across the company, like privacy-centric data handling guidelines and technical privacy reference architecture. Act as a strategic partner to product teams. Work with engineering and product leaders - from ideation to implementation - crafting the product/technology strategy and roadmap for privacy, mapping critical business priorities to dependencies, and aligning cross-functional roadmaps. Provide technical guidance and support on Privacy By Design including Privacy Impact Assessment and remediation of findings. Drive privacy strategy with executive leadership, in close collaboration with legal, policy, and communications experts. Closely partner with Privacy Engineering to build solutions addressing common needs. Serve as the technical escalation path to Privacy Engineering, Security, Trust & Safety. Be an internal and external evangelist for Uber’s privacy technology. Define and track privacy metrics. What you’ll need Depth, expertise, and pragmatism. You have visionary ideals for user privacy and can apply them in a business environment. You have knowledge and experience in approaches to securing user data and keeping it private. You’ve evaluated, tested, and deployed privacy-preserving technologies and strategies in the real-world. This may have included data lifecycle management, de-identification, and big data privacy. Architecture skills. You’re an end-to-end privacy strategist, contributing to and reviewing engineering/product designs, assessing privacy risks, and driving Privacy by Design through the organization. You understand how architecture impacts privacy and security. You see how it all fits together and can navigate both typical and complex privacy pitfalls. Versatility. You understand cross-functional priorities across fast-growing verticals and attendant impact on data protection, and ensure that all stakeholders steer in the same direction at a healthy velocity. You can provide both broad and deep technical privacy guidance and support to product and engineering teams. Passion. You’re excited and equipped to share our message on privacy and data protection to our users, the industry, and other experts. You may have given public talks or published blog posts or papers on privacy-related topics. Leadership. You’re able to educate partners on the privacy impact of design decisions and ensure innovation and data protection coexist. You’re just as comfortable with on the ground privacy challenges as you are driving strategy with executive leadership. A great teammate. Your privacy expertise is matched by your humility and willingness to problem-solve with others. You act as a strategic partner to product teams. You can take the lead and have a great sense of what doing ‘the right thing’ is. You are an enabler not a blocker. You seek to mentor and share your knowledge with others.