Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, is a leading provider of next- generation networking solutions for the mobile enterprise: http://www.arubanetworks.com/company/about-us. The company designs and delivers Mobility-Defined Networks that empower IT departments and GenMobile, a new generation of tech-savvy users who rely on their mobile devices for every aspect of work and personal communication. To create a mobility experience that GenMobile and IT can rely upon, Aruba Mobility-Defined Networks™ automate infrastructure-wide performance optimization and trigger security actions that used to require manual IT intervention. The results are dramatically improved productivity and lower operational costs. What You'll Do The Cloud Architect is a hands-on senior technical leadership role in the HPE- Aruba Software group. This individual will display clear technical leadership and help scale, and drive our cloud platform development for new SaaS products. Working closely with developers, product managers and operations teams, you will be instrumental in delivering rock solid platform services. As a development architect, you will be responsible for contributing to overall architecture of the solution, helping and guiding other developers solving complex technical problems. Who You Are Understand business goals and translate those into an appropriate technical solution Develop scalable cloud microservices Feel comfortable to be able to get involved at a hands-on level designing and writing code Ability to technically drive multiple projects while maintaining a high level of detail Diagnose functional issues and take ownership of issue resolution Ensure high availability and provide application support to enable 24x7 monitoring Mentor and guide junior engineers in the team Our Requirements For This Role Are 10+ years of experience with full stack development of Cloud/SaaS Applications using modern technologies in the area of system, device or network management. Bachelors and/or Masters in computer science OR related field of study As an Individual contributor, guiding a team of software engineers reporting to an Engineering Managers and technical leaders. Collaborating with the Product and Engineering Management to define the development plan, risk mitigation plan and customer roll-out plan for cloud deployments. Proven record of having contributed with strong hands-on development experience in multiple releases of a cloud-based n-tier multi-tenant SaaS products with focus on architecture design principles, design patterns, persistence modeling, tools & technologies, microservice architectures, knowledge of 12 factor cloud applications is desirable. Proven abilities to prepare necessary Design Specifications, participate in Design and Code Reviews and work with Customer Support Teams for Customer Escalations. Review our data engineering models and data ingestion pipelines Work with DevOps to make sure there are tools in place for monitoring the system, and log management to effectively handle incidents. Experience in creating AWS architecture blueprint with VPC, Routing, security, Zone, Region considerations. Experience with developing and managing cloud-computing environments like Amazon EC2, Azure, GCP, Heroku is a real plus Solid understanding of application security, web applications as well as micro services. Decent experience with JavaScript frameworks like Angular JS, JQuery, Node JS. Excellent understanding of HTML5 and CSS is required. Thorough knowledge and experience of building RESTful services and using REST API (frameworks like Jersey, Spring) Working knowledge of contemporary networking protocols in L2-L3 space, networking technologies in L4-7 space, and deployment models in enterprise networks. Strong working knowledge of contemporary Persistence Technologies – in memory, RDBMs and No-SQL. Familiarity with at least one flavor of Linux (preferably CentOS/RHEL) and container technologies like Docker Production experience coding Cloud applications using Java/Python/Go/Scala. Solid grasp of computer science/software engineering concepts around data structures, algorithms, object-oriented design, distributed computing and cloud computing paradigms Ability to quickly learn, develop working experience and thought leadership in new technologies and tools Working knowledge of Hazelcast, ZooKeeper, etc. Thorough knowledge and experience of frameworks like Jersey, Spring, Vext.x, Netty, flask and transport protocols like WebSockets, gRPC etc. Hands on knowledge of RDBMs like Postgres and No-SQL DBs like Cassandra, Elastic Search, Open TSDB and related technologies like Kairos. Have migrated applications from AWS to on-prem or other public clouds Knowledge of CI/CD tools (e.g. Jenkins) Benefits you’ll enjoy At Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, we offer an exciting and fun work culture, driving innovation, collaboration, and growth. We place our customers first, deliver some of the most innovative technologies to the market, and have fun doing it all! Come join our team and be part of an exciting organization poised for success! _Thanks for taking the time to review our job, if you think it is a match to your experience and interests please apply today — we are eager to learn more about you! We have dozens of openings, so encourage your friends to apply as well!_ ArubaNetworks GenMobile ArubaNetworksJobs HPE HewlettPackardEnterprise _Please note the above statements describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not a complete list of all required responsibilities, duties and skills. Other duties may be added, or this description amended at any time._ Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.