Job Description: Are you looking for an exciting opportunity working for a Global Technology Leader? At Aviat Networks, we take great pride in hiring a workforce that is committed to supporting and strengthening our values and attributes. If you’re a results-oriented, customer centric and innovative thinker who also takes pride in personal and professional integrity, Aviat Networks is the ideal next step in your career. We are looking for people who love to solve problems, enjoy change and know how to have fun so come and join a dynamic team that strives to bring communications to the world. Aviat Networks is the world’s largest independent supplier of wireless transmission systems. We are recognized worldwide for cutting-edge; 4G, backhaul, networking solutions and services. Customers in more than 135 countries depend on Aviat Networks to build, expand and upgrade their voice, data, and video solutions. We currently have an immediate need for Transportation Manager position in Austin, TX This key position will report directly to the Senior Manager of Logistics - Americas and is responsible for managing all inbound and outbound transportation networks of Aviat Networks in North America. The primary responsibilities include inbound and outbound transportation networks (majority domestic, some international), reverse logistics, and logistics cost management. This position will work closely with warehousing, distribution, and manufacturing operations with an emphasis on quality and process improvement. Responsibilities: 1\. Direct the planning, organization, and management of the daily shipment schedule. 2\. Develop inbound and outbound transportation networks with a focus on cycle time, cost and quality of service. Ensure lowest cost lane segments for the level of cycle time and frequency requirements. 3\. Manage all aspects of selection and ongoing management of best in class logistics service providers. 4\. Develop and manage standard supplier performance metrics and ongoing evaluation process utilizing a standard scorecard, quarterly business reviews, etc 5\. Direct investigations to verify and resolve customer or shipper complaints. 6\. Develop and manage a logistics cost reporting process and reduce logistics cost as percent of COGS on an annual basis. 7\. Develop and manage a logistics revenue model that tracks logistics revenue and profitability by customer project. 8\. Support the logistics requirements for the returns and repair organization. Requirements: Self-directed, highly motivated individual with: 1\. Demonstrated strong leadership skills in logistics in a global high tech/telecom or similar complex manufacturing environment. 2\. Demonstrated success developing and leading high performance cross-functional teams and complex project management that deliver quantifiable results. 3\. Direct experience in successful development and implementation of logistics networks. 4\. Demonstrated success in reducing logistics cost. 5\. Superior interpersonal, facilitation and change management skills in multi-cultural manufacturing environments. Ability to lead and influence people. 6\. Strong analytical and organizational skills including the ability to collect, structure, analyze and communicate large volumes of complicated data. 7\. Solid knowledge of IT infrastructure and tools in a global manufacturing environment including ERP systems (Oracle knowledge a plus). Proficiency with MS Office products (Excel, PowerPoint, Word required; Access plus). 8\. Excellent oral and written communication skills including negotiation and presentation skills with all levels of the organization and its suppliers. 9\. Strong process orientation (6 Sigma background a plus). 10\. Strong people management, coaching and development skills. Education and Experience: 1\. BS/BA in engineering or business or related discipline required. 2\. 5 or more years experience in logistics and trade management required (high tech preferred). 3\. Experience in managing international transportation required. 4\. Knowledge of e-procurement processes and systems required. 5\. 6-Sigma knowledge a plus. Aviat Networks offers a competitive compensation and benefits package. Apply NOW to learn more! EOE/M/F