Liberty Mutual Global Risk Solutions (GRS) Technology is actively searching for an Architect. GRS Technology provides support and operations for all global specialty lines including National Insurance, Liberty International Underwriters (LIU), IronShore, Liberty Specialty Markets (LSM), and Liberty Mutual Surety (LMS) across 19 countries, through one unified IT team. As an Architect you will work with your product team to develop customer- centric digital software products from idea to production. This is a fast- paced environment providing rapid delivery for our business partners. Liberty Mutual is looking for someone who enjoys working in a highly collaborative environment that values speed and quality, with a strong desire to drive change as we continue on our agile transformational journey. About the role: Establishes and leads technology strategy and technology roadmaps that enable the business. Partners with Product Owners to align the roadmap with the technical design and strategy. Designs and develops IT architecture (frameworks, software/applications, data, information, and technology) Designs and prototypes cloud deployed and DevOps enabled scalable solutions to business problems in alignment with the architecture direction and standards. Creates cloud deployment architecture and cloud integration solutions. Provides consultation on leveraging new and existing software and technology as well as evaluate open source software. Provides oversight at the portfolio level; influencing decision-making and prioritizing the business and architecture backlog for the programs and teams. Provides consultation and collaborates with Market CIO, business partners and peer groups regarding long and short-range product features. Recommends and drives innovative solutions, which anticipates the future direction of the business, its drivers and technology strategy. Leads teams, may have overall leadership responsibility for product architecture and design. Reviews and ensures major architectural designs are consistent, maintainable, flexible and cost effective solutions. Develops strategies and architectures which support advanced security topics such as Vulnerability Lifecycle Management, Identity Management, Intrusion Detection, Authentication, Authorization and Auditing. Responsible for prototyping complex, cross platform business solutions to validate newer technologies. Recommends emerging scalable and reusable technical solutions to increase market share and reduce operational costs. Analyzes the technology industry, open source products and market trends to determine potential impact on the business. Influences technology direction and/or adjustments to incorporate into business plans. Influences the selection of software product standards and the design of standard configurations; makes significant contributions to market-centric technology roadmaps and architectural principles and frameworks. Develops and manages effective collaborative relationships with other departments, groups, peers, and subordinates (data mgmt., security, and infrastructure). Leads retrospectives and defining opportunities for experiments and POC`s. Facilitates cross-team/train learnings, communication and alignment. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor`s or Master`s degree in technical discipline; Master`s preferred. 10+ years of architecture experience in applications development in a complex, multi-platform distributed environment. Strong desire to drive change, and ability to adapt to change quickly. Passionate about work, curious, and willing to take on difficult challenges. In-depth knowledge of software engineering, languages (for example Java) and tools. Proficient in new and emerging technologies. Good knowledge of and hands-on development experience with cloud security, including identity federation, OIDC/OAuth2, and SAML2. Strong hands on development skills to prototype technical solutions. Experience with public cloud; AWS, Azure. Pivotal Cloud Foundry experience. Docker experience. Hands on API and microservices (REST, SOAP) experience. Extensive knowledge of all product and system components of technical architecture. Extensive experience in layered solutions and designs, diverse technical configurations, across multiple technologies and processing environments. In-depth understanding of business operations, objectives and strategies including but not limited to, insurance industry, financial services, global business, architecture, technology trends, as well as security minded. Strong leadership skills; coaching and mentoring skills. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills - including negotiation, facilitation, and consensus building skills; ability to influence and persuade, without direct control. High degree of flexibility and ability to work with employees at all levels of the organization with diverse backgrounds. Strong consulting skills (relevant/technical); recognized as a thought leader within the company. Ability to balance the long-term "big picture" and short term implications of decisions. 10% of travel world-wide might be required. Preferred Qualifications: Extensive cloud experience CI/CD automation experience Strong integration solutioning experience, including MuleSoft AnyPoint Strong application security experience Benefits: We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $135,800-$189,300 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time