Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more . This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. We are looking for a highly motivated and passionate Azure Infrastructure Cloud Solution Architect to drive high priority customer initiatives on the Microsoft Azure Platform in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field in strategic accounts segment of our business. This is a customer facing role, owning overall technical relationship between customer and Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Platform. Responsibilities You will own the Azure infrastructure technical customer engagements providing subject matter expertise including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or pilots. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives, Enterprise Architects, IT Management and Developers to drive core Infrastructure solutions and Datacenter migrations. Key responsibilities include: Understand customers’ overall infrastructure estate, IT and business priorities and success measures to design implementation architectures and solutions (Microsoft and 3rd party solutions) Apply technical knowledge and customer insights to create a modernization roadmap and architect solutions to meet business and IT needs, ensuring technical viability of new projects and successful deployments, orchestrating key resources and infusing key infrastructure technologies (e.g. Windows and Linux IaaS, SAP, BCDR, Security, Management, Storage, Networking) Develop deep relationships with key customer IT decision makers, who drive long-term cloud adoption within their company to enable them to be cloud advocates Maintain and advance deep technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights, and share within the technical community Be a Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Engineering team to remove key blockers Be an Azure Platform evangelist with customers, partners and external communities Assess the Customers' knowledge of Azure platform and overall cloud readiness to support customers through a structured learning plan and ensure its delivery through partners Qualifications Experiences Required – Education, Key Experiences, Knowledge and Skills: Deep domain expertise of cloud infrastructure solutions (i.e. Windows and Linux IaaS, SAP, BCDR, Security, Management, Storage, Networking, OSS, containers and Infra as a code technologies), breadth of technical experience, and technical aptitude to learn and adjust to new technologies and cloud trends required Experience and understanding of large scale infrastructure deployments in enterprise-wide environments required 5+ years of success in consultative/complex technical sales and deployment projects (where necessary, managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) required Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior IT executives and growing data services in large or highly strategic accounts Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences (Senior Executives, IT management and developers) Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as SalesForce, Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Avanade, T-Systems, Wipro, CSC, HP, Infosys, ServiceNow, Dell, TCS, Rackspace, Softlayer desired Travel required: 0-30% By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.