Overview Our customer is helping more people around the world come together and connect through world-class VR hardware and software. With global departments dedicated to VR research, computer vision, haptics, social interaction, and more, our customer is committed to driving the state of the art forward through relentless innovation. VR’s potential to change the world is immense—and we’re just getting started. Our customer is a world leader in the design of VR and AR systems. Come join Milestone and work alongside expert engineers and research scientists to create the technology that makes VR and AR pervasive and universal. Responsibilities Assist in management of full product lifecycle with emphasis on meeting corporate targets for lean inventory management, reduction of resources required for inventory management, & customer focus. Develop & communicate daily/weekly reporting & updates tied to operations & inventory metrics to optimize inventory management & communicate to stakeholders / leadership team Conduct daily inventory analysis to identify & resolve inventory issues Support warehouse teams in the field through appropriate communication channels to address inventory related questions & concerns. Continuously audit data integrity for accuracy within Asset Management Database needed to manage inventory effectively. Own the end to end asset management process and systems globally Develop, implement, & monitor inventory policies & control procedures to include on-site audits, virtual audits, cycle counts, root cause analysis etc. Assist in supervising the daily activities of the warehouse team, responsible for evaluating inventory needs and implementing strategies to meet those needs. Collaborate, identify gaps, & make recommendations for continuous improvement in process, system, reporting, accuracy & efficiency, while providing supporting data & reports. Help to coordinate the cycle count process and conduct re-counts, analyze results and make adjustments as necessary. Develop and maintain a well-coordinated internal relationship with key partners and with the wider organization. Lead the ideation, technical development of innovative inventory planning and logistics processes Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. 3-5 years in Supply Chain, Operations, Logistics, warehousing Experience in Oracle, Agile, IMS, WMS Ability to multitask and prioritize accordingly despite change in scale, scope, or deadline of task in fast-paced environment. Strong organization skills with meticulous attention to detail. Communicate clearly using excellent written and verbal skills. Experience in working in confidential environments/projects Operate cross functionally with Facebook Global Security to implement best security practices Proactively govern distributed inventory to ensure asset accountability Help to train warehouse team on security awareness and strict chain of possession protocols