Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high- level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently. Through your leadership, you use your technical expertise and manage a team of engineers to build key business applications. You gather requirements, lead technical projects, define the scope of those projects and partner across teams to address technical problems and ensure smooth solution implementation. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Work with senior stakeholders to solve complex problems. Focus on full stack Business Intelligence Engineering (BI), delivering Statutory Profit and Loss (P&L;) Reporting (for local entity and US GAAP). Reboot Hardware Planning and P&L; Reporting. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in designing and data integration/data warehousing/business intelligence solutions. 10 years of experience with ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) tools (e.g., Pentaho Kettle, Informatica and/or DataStage). Experience programming in PL/SQL and one of the following: Java, Python, Perl. Preferred qualifications: MS in Computer Science or related technical field. 10 years of experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing, Sales and Support, etc. Experience working with BI tools like Tableau. Experience working with web-scale databases and building scalable data pipelines capable of aggregating and processing millions of events per day on Google Cloud Platform. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.