Systems Analyst VI - This position will ensure continued operations for TIERS providing support for TIERS Operations Identity and Access Management. Performs highly advanced and/or managerial (senior-level) computer systems analysis and design work. Work providing direction and guidance in strategic operations and planning, development, budgeting, and analyzing user requirements, architectural documentation, procedures, and resolving problems through root cause analysis. Work with business partners and management to automate processing or to improve existing systems. May plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: (30%) Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Performs complex product management for IAM initiatives involving research, analysis, planning, development and implementation activities; working with project managers on the planning and initiation of projects; oversight of technical implementation at various level of completion; and communicating with project stakeholders, management, and other relevant parties. (25%) Analyzes and develops solutions, facilitates and participates in cross-program and multi-agency workgroups, setting goals and objectives and providing technical documentation. (20%) Works with staff and external stakeholders to identify requirements for projects as well as risks/issues and develop mitigation strategies. Prepares high quality written project reports, updates, summaries, and other documents as assigned or as needed. Evaluates IAM tools and technologies to recommend solutions and obtain authorization and commitment. (15%) Develop product roadmaps, environmental management requirements, coach developers through technical leadership, and assist support functions as required for incident and problem management. (5%) Keeps director informed on relevant issues, as appropriate. (5%) Other duties as assigned. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of Identity and Access Management best practices. Strong skills in analyzing and evaluating complex federal and state legislation, program, policy, and operations issues as they relate to IAM projects. Skill in project management and able to establish project goals and objectives. Able to analyze complex information and develop plans to address identified issues. Skill in synthesizing, analyzing and evaluating highly complicated and technical information and translate it into easily understandable and concise documents and oral presentations. Skill in identification of project risks and gaps and able to develop creative and workable solutions to complex problems and policy issues. Skill in interpersonal relationships, including the ability to work with people under pressure, negotiate among multiple parties, resolve conflicts, and establish and maintain effective working relationships with various level personnel in governmental entities. Skills in negotiation and facilitation. Able to exercise sound judgment in making critical decisions. Ability to lead and work cooperatively in a team environment. Ability to use word-processing and spreadsheet applications in a windows environment. Skill in communicating effectively both orally and in writing. Experience with agile methodology preferred. Ability to travel 5% of the time. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: Applicant must have 3+ years’ experience with Identity and Access Management tools, processes, and in support or development role and the ability to provide leadership to technical and project teams. Preferred experience with IBM Security Identity Manager (ITIM/ISIM), IBM Security Access Manager (TAM/ISAM), Federated Identity Manager (TFIM/IFIM), Single Sign On (ESSO), Tivoli Directory Integrator (TDI), or RSA IAM, Oracle IdM, Datapower, Java, JavaScript, WebSphere (6.0 - 8.x), or strong technical knowledge of various LDAP repositories such as AD, eDirectory and IBM Security Directory Server (TDS / ISDS) highly preferred. Be able to work with multiple stakeholders and provide direction and oversight. Experience with 24x7 Oncall rotation. Must have analytical and organizational skills and the ability to gather, assemble, correlate, and analyze facts, and propose solutions to problems. Skills in written and oral communication, including the ability to make public presentations, write technical information in an understandable format, and produce reports. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in a field relevant to the assignment preferred. Related work experience may substitute for the required education on a year for year basis with a maximum substitution of four (4) years. Additional Information: Requisition 373249 Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx requisition 366368 MOS Code: HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.