The Principle Enterprise Architect is responsible for developing enterprise vision for CNB and the assigned business domains within the bank. As a top level technical expert, leads efforts to deliver the enterprise technology roadmaps based on the enterprise business strategy. Develops, maintains, and enhances system architectures and acts as a principle consultant within programs and projects. Influences business and drives IT to maintain adherence to enterprise standards and domain level roadmaps. Collaborates with colleagues across CNB to understand user requirements, evaluate technologies, and recommend solution options that enhance the overall technology landscape. Leads efforts in defining, enforcing, and evangelizing enterprise and domain level technology standards, principles, and practices that support CNB's technology vision. Is a mentor and role model for less experienced architects.Expert level knowledge and demonstrated ability to lead a large scale, multi-million-dollar, MDM architecture program. Develop and implement enterprise level Data Architecture strategies. Provide direction on the when using real-time, ETL, MQ, or batch service design patterns are appropriate Basic Qualifications: Bachelors' degree required. Minimum of 10 years of experience in enterprise integration design, development, and implementation Minimum of 10 years of experience in Microsoft .NET platform development or Java/Linux development Minimum of 3 years of experience in leadership roles either as a direct manager or matrix manager leading technical resources Minimum 2 years cloud implementation experience (Azure and/or AWS) Minimum 7 years of experience in on-premise and cloud integration platforms and frameworks (e.g. IBM, Dell, TIBCO, Oracle, Mulesoft, etc.) Minimum 5 years of experience working as Data solutions architect in a large enterprise ($500M+ annual revenue) Minimum 7 years of experience in a data integration developer or BI developer role. Job Skills and Knowledge: Large-scale enterprise implementation experience including architecture and design of modern web, mobile, and integration (cloud/on-premise) platforms Excellent verbal and written communications, interpersonal, and analytical skills is required. Experience with Agile development methodology including Scrum, XP, FDD, TDD, and SAFe. Enterprise experience with API management toolsets, DevOps, server infrastructure, network infrastructure, caching methodologies, information security, and database technologies More than 15 years of experience in business application design, development, installation, and modification in a customer-facing environment. TOGAF certification and Zachman framework knowledge required. Ability to interpret functional requirements, perform system analysis, and provide architectural expertise with a focus on Data Architecture Prior experience and a deep understanding in developing Data Architecture design patterns Represents basic qualifications for the position. To be considered for this position you must at least meet the basic qualifications. Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Veterans Note: This preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Note: Candidates should be advised that City National Bank does not pay interviewee travel expenses or relocation expenses for candidates who are hired unless previously agreed. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled