Personal Systems Business Analyst Summer Intern 2019 About Us Innovation is in HP’s DNA. From our origins in a Palo Alto garage in 1939, to our current position as one of the world’s leading technology companies, HP has grown to become a leader in technology and corporate culture, inspiring innovators and entrepreneurs around the globe. HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software and services to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace that attracts exceptional talent and to supporting our employees to succeed at all levels. We dream in over 35 languages and share one mission: to engineer experiences that amaze. Join us for a 12-week paid summer internship designed to let you apply your classroom learnings to real world challenges. Our internships have a thoughtful balance of networking, executive speakers, community involvement, big meaty projects (no paper filing here) and fun! About You Business Acumen. You have sharp business judgment and the ability to see past the noise in large datasets to summarize and present actionable insights. Aspiring Analytics Guru. You dream in Excel and have experience with data visualization tools. Creative Problem Solver. You have a creative approach in developing actionable analysis and recommendations Communicate persuasively. You use data-based decision making to present ideas. Responsibilities As a Business Analyst Intern, within our Personal Systems business, you will: Manage complex data and business analyses to develop business plans and make recommendations that drive strategic decisions. Develop dashboards to empower other team members with data. Construct statistical and financial models to forecast business performance. Perform creative analysis to develop insights into complex questions. Define the metrics required to measure business performance. Develop go-forward business plan recommendations based on potential risks and returns. Identify cutting-edge analytical tools, models, and methods for making key business decisions. Education Students pursuing degrees in business administration, statistics, computer, information science, or related degree MBA and Master’s students preferred We are looking for visionaries who are ready to make an impact on the way the world works. At HP, the future is yours to create. Thanks for taking the time to review our job, if you think it is a match to your knowledge and interests please apply today— we are eager to learn more about you.