The mission of University of Washington Medicine is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, providing outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and preparing tomorrow’s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. UW Medicine owns or operates the following: Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, a network of UW Medicine Neighborhood Clinics that provide primary care, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine, Airlift Northwest, and other owned, operated, or affiliated entities as appropriate. In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children’s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance a partnership among UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research, and Seattle Children’s. The UW Medicine Contact Center is a fast-paced environment where customer service, patient care, and accuracy are the highest priorities at all times. The UW is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. Our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. As an employee you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please view this page. The UW Medicine Contact Center is a fast-paced environment where customer service, patient care and accuracy are the highest priorities at all times. The Contact Center has an outstanding opportunity for a Full-Time Data Entry Operator. The mission of the Data Entry team is to improve the referral and appointment process within the UW Medicine Health System. Major Responsibilities of the Data Entry Operator include: Provide centralized support in the Contact Center by independently entering referrals into Epic software, verifying payers and plans prior to patient appointments through electronic eligibility verification and online third party support systems, and maintaining patient demographics from patient documentation to support integrity of the medical record Complete and maintain service level agreement standards through assisting the team with hundreds of referrals on daily basis, ensuring patients can access our clinics in a timely fashion Review the coverage status of patients prior to day of service through electronic eligibility verification, and the retrieval of documentation of faxes for updating patient records in Epic Enter 50+ referrals and update patient medical record information into Epic software Verify payer & plans prior to patient appointments through electronic eligibility verification and online third party support systems Maintain patient demographic information to support integrity of the medical record Serve as an liaison between clinics and Contact Center for insurance, registration, and financial counseling with reference to referrals Work with referral team to ensure all referrals sent to Contact Center are entered within 24 hour period Ensure all updates are complete within Epic, including identity changes once legal documentation has been provided Resolves patient requests in one contact or successfully manages prolonged or complex issues, with high attention to managing the customer experience and emotion. Coordinates incoming referrals to ensure all referrals are entered into the referral module in the Epic System including prior authorizations numbers when needed. Assists with coordination of referral management with clinic staff and providers to ensure optimal access to specialty care. Coordinates with Financial Service Counselors to ensure applications for coverage are initiated prior to appointment. Completes and enters the Medicare as Secondary Payer online form accurately for all Medicare accounts, and initiates the Advanced Beneficiary Notice as appropriate. Coordinates with Interpreter Services as indicated. Demonstrates in depth knowledge of UW Medicine’s mission, vision and service offerings. Adheres to contact center processes and workflow with an attention to continuous quality improvement. Meets or exceeds contact center performance standards and measures with a focus on quality, accuracy and timeliness. Reaches and maintains incremental productivity levels within predetermined time frames (i.e. six, nine and twelve months). Complies with the UW Medicine risk management, compliance, and information security program requirements, including accurate and timely reporting of all adverse incidents as described in the related policies. Observes principles of data security and patient confidentiality. Maintain ethical standards in the performance of duties and in interactions with patients, coworkers and health care professionals. Demonstrates professional demeanor in appearance and behavior in all work-related interactions. Participates and completes the required training program including annual Safety training and all required HIPAA and Compliance training. Participates in ongoing technical, customer service, and other training to continually improve skills and stay current with changes in operations. REQUIREMENTS: High School/GED AND one year of office clerical support experience OR equivalent education/experience. The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.