There is no more exciting time than now to be a part of FF Corporate Strategy! As a Analyst, Corporate Strategy you will contribute to the overall success of FF by supporting the corporate strategy team in delivering on its objectives. This will require familiarity with leveraging data, market research, and other sources of information to put together narratives that will ultimately drive us to accomplish our mission. FF’s mission is to perpetually improve the way we move by creating a forward-thinking mobility ecosystem that integrates clean energy, artificial intelligence, the internet, and new usership models. This role is a highly impactful role that requires a lot of personal disciple around time management, stakeholder management, and effective communication while working with teams across Faraday Future. Responsibilities will include; Analysis: research and benchmark relevant data useful in formulating strategies Planning: develop, evaluate, and manage strategic goals across various functions Aligning: ensure consistent communication across all stakeholders Execution: focus on driving initiatives and other activities to completion Basic Qualifications: \+ Bachelor's degree on management, business, ecommerce, engineering or other relevant fields. (2+ years of work experience /advanced degree in relevant fields preferred) \+ Experience in project management, operations, strategy, and other related functions in software, e-commerce, XaaS, ecosystem/platform development or automotive fields. \+ Demonstrated effective communication skills, and strong work ethic. \+ Develop independent perspectives around trends using data and other insights, particularly related to mobility, automotive, consumer behavior, technology and other related fields \+ Relentless problem solver with critical and structural thinking skills \+ Work effectively in a diverse, multi-national workplace and with cross functional teams \+ Aptitude for driving tasks to completion with minimal guidance while still operating in a team environment Preferred Skills: \+ Familiarity with the Microsoft Office suite: Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Outlook, etc. \+ Passion for the industry, particularly around automotive, mobility, sustainability, technology and other related topics. Bring the future here faster! \+ Basic knowledge about Faraday Future and what we are working to accomplish