Our Penske Recruiter will manage the full life-cycle recruiting process, including: sourcing, selection, offer negotiation, and initiating the onboarding process for our distribution operations in Grand Prairie, TX. We are seeking a highly responsive, customer focused individual with strong time management and organizational skills. This position will be based out of our Grand Prairie, TX operation, reporting to the Area Human Resources Manager with a strong dotted line relationship to the General Manager. This position will recruit for positions such as warehouse workers, inventory and clerical personnel, and operations leadership positions. Qualified candidates will have at least 2-3 years of high-volume recruiting experience with a similar work environment, a strong understanding of the Texas labor markets, and demonstrated creative approached to local in-market recruiting. A heavy emphasis on this role is placed on sourcing and recruiting talent. Utilizing sales, research, and networking skills, the position will require the proactive identification of active and passive talent through flawless execution of our process and creative thinking for challenging roles and markets. The position will also be responsible for placing and editing job advertisements in various media outlets, database management, internet resume mining, cold calling, local school/organization recruiting, screening applicants, and potentially selecting candidates for certain entry level roles. Major Responsibilities: Maintains effective working relationship with HR and Operational partners to ensure appropriate staffing service levels are met through the creation of area staffing plans Confers with management and supervisors to identify staffing needs and requirements, conducting intake/scoping calls and providing process overviews and realistic expectations to hiring managers. Manages the necessary sourcing and advertising of openings Develops and maintains relationships with technical schools, colleges, alumni groups, military sources, and diversity organizations to find and attract applicants Manages and facilities onsite hiring events (open house, career fairs, interview days) Conducts electronic screening and phone screening of candidates, updating status in our tracking system. Maintains constant communication with hiring managers on active candidates. Also regularly discusses future hiring needs and backup candidates. Coordinates background checks on applicants, and reference checks where appropriate Coaches hiring managers with effective recruiting practices to ensure polices and legal requirements are in compliance. Possess and maintains on-going knowledge of the latest recruiting strategies utilizing a high level of creativity and latitude Ensures compliance with all federal/state laws and regulations including AAP, and ADA; shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences in all phases of recruitment process. Supports Penske diversity initiatives and objectives. Develops a full understanding of, and utilizes, reporting features of recruiting systems, including requisition reports, candidate status reports, etc. Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Qualifications: Qualifications: 2-3 years recruiting experience in a large, decentralized or centralized company environment required Bachelor's degree required, or, at least 3 years of equivalent work experience required Must be fluent in both English and Spanish Must have demonstrated internal customer service skills, including troubleshoot and problem solving experiences. Must have demonstrated strong organizational and documentation skills Able to communicate effectively both in-person and through written correspondences and presentations with candidates, peers, managers, and leadership. Ability to work in dynamic, fast paced environment, and keep up with a high volume of activity Detail oriented, self-motivated, strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize. Excellent knowledge of Internet candidate data mining; recruiting certification preferred Strong knowledge of enterprise applicant tracking systems required, prior experience with Taleo preferred Willingness to travel as necessary, work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines. While performing the duties of this job, the associate may be required to stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 25lbs/12kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Truck Leasing Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com at http://www.gopenske.com/ to learn more. Work Locations: 730 E Trinity Blvd Grand Prairie, TX Primary Location: United States-Texas-Grand Prairie Job: Human Resources Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Human Resources Req ID: 1809616