Google Cloud is changing the way the world uses cloud computing. Our goal is to make Google Cloud the platform of choice for the Financial Services industry. We are bringing innovations that combine the best of Google technologies, data, infrastructure, and machine learning to enable our Financial Services customers embrace the cloud and engage in wholesale business transformation. The Industry team will ensure that Google Cloud’s offerings meet the requirements of the highly regulated financial services industry, while providing innovative, verticalized solutions to allow our customers and partners address their most compelling challenges and opportunities. The Global Client Lead will be a point person for growing Google Cloud Platform’s business in our most strategic, transformational accounts globally. You’ll work with strategic customers, partners, and internal teams and act as a subject matter expert regarding industry-specific needs, explaining how Google’s offerings address those needs while providing a platform for unprecedented innovation to Google's customers. Leveraging deep industry experience and strong executive relationships, the Global Client Lead is uniquely positioned to spur the growth of Google Cloud Platform’s products and services. As a leader, you will have an intimate understanding of technology usage in the industry, specifically how cloud computing can enable the companies to address challenges stemming from evolving market dynamics and customer preferences. You will drive a cross-functional team and influence the creation of a compelling, global go-to-market strategy for an industry-specific set of Global Clients with the goal to increase collaboration between the customer and Google Cloud. You'll be responsible for the agenda, key transformation relationships, and success of each Global Client. Further, as a key leader on the Google Cloud team, you will inspire leading companies in the industry of their domain expertise to work smarter with Google tools like Maps, G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You will be an advocate for our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative, and mobile. At the same time, you’ll collaborate with our Engineering, Product, and Marketing teams to define, launch and take to market solutions that accelerate our customer success in the cloud. You’ll develop white papers, case studies, and additional content to educate our cloud sales team, enabling them to effectively address the unique complexities of this industry. Your passion, depth of knowledge, and excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills will inspire our teams and rapidly establish trust amongst a diverse set of stakeholders and customers. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Influence and implement a global account planning and go-to-market strategy for Google Cloud Platform for a critical set of Global Clients to drive significant revenue growth; Serve as the industry liaison for other Google products Provide thought leadership to an outstanding global commercial (i.e. client facing) cross-functional team with impressive entrepreneurial and strategic skills honed in executive positions Collaborate with global alliance partners teams for effective solution creation. Meet and exceed challenging growth goals by establishing and expanding relationships with large customers and business partners. Contribute to the evolving Google Cloud business and product strategy actively. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 15 years of industry experience. Experience with technologies and data, including cloud computing. Experience in client relationship management in the financial services industry. Preferred qualifications: MBA. Experience in driving digital transformation in strategic companies in the industry. Demonstrated record in driving business growth and KPI attainment. Demonstrated ability to maintain performance with increasing levels of responsibility and independence. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.