About Us : KeepTruckin is on a mission to connect the world’s trucks. With the leading ELD and fleet management platform, we are bringing the trucking industry online and fundamentally changing the way freight is moved on our roads. The numbers tell the story: The KeepTruckin network is composed of more than 200,000 trucks and is expected to grow to 400,000 by end of 2018. We grew from $1 million to more than $50 million in annual recurring revenue in 12 months, among the fastest growing SaaS companies ever. Our Glassdoor rating is 4.8 stars. We have built an incredible culture with high trust and transparency, where people feel empowered to do their best work. About the Job : As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will have the opportunity to drive data-driven decisions across Product, Account Management, Sales, Finance, and Marketing with a global impact. You’ll own projects end-to-end, incorporating the business strategy to produce solid data analysis, while also delivering actionable insights to drive better business decisions. We are looking for candidates who have analyzed large data sets and have deep critical thinking skills. Responsibilities: Build reporting on KPIs across the business, including Marketing, Sales, Customer Success, Support and Finance Analyze program performance and profitability across the organization Report weekly to the Executive team on business health and forecasts, and initiate investigative effort for root-cause analysis Use Python and SQL to build robust datasets for our end users Qualifications: 1+ year in an analytical or strategic role An undergraduate degree in Math, Statistics, or related quantitative discipline Demonstrated self-learner interest and curiosity Strong Excel skills and/or database experience Familiarity with Python, SQL or other programming language Ability to problem-solve and work in an evolving environment KeepTruckin is a rapidly growing startup headquartered in San Francisco. We offer fantastic benefits, a phenomenal office culture, unlimited PTO, and a stocked kitchen. As an equal opportunity employer, we are committed to diversity in the workforce. We consider qualified applicants without regard to sexual orientation, gender identity, race, veteran or disability status.