Microsoft has been on the front lines of technology innovation for decades. We continue to challenge the status quo by introducing Workplace Analytics (WpA) and reimagining how organizations should consider their most valuable resource: time. Workplace Analytics is a revolutionary way to answer age-old questions of C-Suite executives: How do my various departments and teams spend their time, both internally and externally? What work is worth doing and where does waste exist? How can we drive a culture of both productivity and engagement? To answer these questions, Workplace Analytics leverages O365 metadata and combines machine learning with behavioral data science to provide visibility into an unlimited set of collaboration metrics. These metrics help pinpoint the specific collaboration behaviors that drive successful sales results, high employee engagement scores or any other desired business outcomes. As the solution has become widely available and demand grows, so does our specialized Workplace Analytics team within Microsoft. In support of this growth, we are looking for ambitious, talented, laser-focused people to join us as we directly impact the future of work. Read more about Workplace Analytics here: https://products.office.com/en- us/business/workplace-analytics The Set-Up Our mission is to show the world how behavioral data can solve complex organizational problems, and then use lessons learned from those customer interactions to further develop the Workplace Analytics solution. Think of our function as a blend of data analysis, strategy consulting and product incubation. Our team is aggressively moving the solution into the marketplace and will carry our momentum to win more Fortune 500 companies in the coming year. The Team We are a group of fast thinkers who work collaboratively with a high degree of respect for each other. We are proactive problem-solvers, obsessed with the content of Workplace Analytics, and care deeply for the success of our customers. We are structured thinkers who value quality and appreciate creativity grounded with common sense. We work hard and we like to have fun as well. Responsibilities The Role You will play an essential part in the Workplace Analytics delivery process by supporting our customers throughout their journey with WpA. This includes analyzing behavioral datasets, deriving compelling insights from that data, and driving the customer toward action and organizational transformation. It also includes serving as a Workplace Analytics and data expert, providing product on-boarding, training, and ongoing support to customers as we accelerate their ability to get value from Workplace Analytics. We are looking for highly analytical people with business analysis experience who are passionate about diving into complex data sets to pull out interesting, relevant insights and driving customer success with our product. Job Summary Drive successful adoption and usage of the WpA tool by enabling customers through an on-boarding, learning and adoption journey. Analyze behavioral datasets to discover and deliver compelling insights as part of customer consulting engagements. Specifically: Work on a small portfolio of strategic client accounts via consulting engagements Analyze behavioral collaboration and network data to deliver insightful and relevant business insights Turn your findings into compelling stories that your clients incorporate into critical business decisions Support our sales team during the pre-sales motion by being an active participant in workshops and conversations to drive engagement with potential customers Collaborate closely with product and engineering teams to link learnings to product development Identify opportunities to create compelling use cases / playbooks to provide for future customers Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 2+ years of demonstrated success in business analysis or consulting role Preferred Qualifications: Nice to have: Experience in Workforce, Talent or Change Management _Analytical Rigor:_ Expertise in Excel and data analysis Strong Familiarity with other statistical / data visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, SAS, R Preferred: Engineering, Statistics, Economics or other mathematical degree _Business Acumen:_ Demonstrable ability to apply business context to analysis insights Proven track record of creating compelling content and stories that resonate with customers _Customer Facing_ _Ability:_ Experience interacting with clients / customers Good in-meeting presence and communication skills Nice to have: business development or sales experience Ability to manage multiple projects at one time, and be self-sufficient in managing tasks Ability to meet deadlines and deliver high-quality work in a rapid manner Attention to detail, highly organized, with an absolute focus on quality of work Team player, adaptive, self-driven Available to travel 20%-40% of the time Work location – Redmond or San Francisco _Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:_ _Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter._ _Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance._ _Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the_ __Accommodation request form . _Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work._ workplaceanalytics