Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Manage and maintain business systems within an Azure based virtual desktop environment, including virtual networks, Active Directory domain servers, Operating System and Desktop software applications installation and patching of DaaS workstations. Manage and maintain virtual cloud storage gateways systems Offer exceptional customer experience by troubleshooting, resolving and/or escalating client problems through to completion Perform change requests based on clients’ needs Utilize case tracking software to create, monitor, update and close client cases Monitoring and remedying server health issues Creating/Maintaining process documentation Support other IT staff involved in internal computer, software and network support as required. Qualifications: 2-3 Years related prior technical experience Compassion; positive outlook Excellent troubleshooting skills Experience administering networks such as Microsoft Windows Active Directory in multi-office environment. Excellent knowledge of Windows Domains, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP Experience with Microsoft DFS Experience with Azure Ability to self-manage focus between competing priorities Strong written and verbal business communication skills. Willingness to learn new skills Nights and-or weekend work may be required for system upgrades or maintenance Ability to lift 50 lbs for moving computer hardware A vehicle, car insurance and a valid driver’s license based on travel requirements Knowledge of Autodesk software and licensing a plus Application packaging, administrative image creation and patch management experience a plus Microsoft Certifications (MVP, MCSD, etc.) a plus About Microdesk: Microdesk is a design technology consultancy with 13 offices globally that provides the architecture, engineering, construction, and manufacturing industries with premiere consulting, implementation, support, and training solutions using today’s leading technology products from Autodesk, Google, IBM, and Microsoft. We are dedicated to fostering the professional growth and development of our employees. Microdesk, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. BENEFITS We offer a fast paced, dynamic environment where learning and growing technically becomes part of your career. Microdesk is dedicated to fostering the professional growth and development of our employees. Microdesk offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package including Aetna Medical with company funded HRA or HSA, Ameritas Dental, EyeMed Vision, Health and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts and Commuter Spending Account options, company paid Life, STD and LTD insurances, 401K and Profit Sharing Plan with 30% match and generous paid time off and sick time policies. Microdesk is an Equal Opportunity Employer.