At our core, Microsoft is a Productivity and Platform Company for the mobile- first and cloud-first world. We will reinvent productivity to empower every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more. Part of our Digital Work strategy is the Microsoft Cloud for Business. The Business SaaS (Software as a Service) is core to Microsoft’s Cloud strategy. Dynamics 365 will enable businesses to grow, enable and transform every part of your business to better meet the changing needs. Responsibilities As a Solution Architect in the Microsoft Dynamics division you will work with enterprise customers, ISV’s and Partners to conceive, design and implement Dynamics 365 for Operations applications. You are comfortable having conversations at various levels: with a business leader about how technology can enable reaching their goals or pursue new opportunities, with a CIO about technology costs and benefits, with an architect about building applications out of services, application security models, role based access control, or messaging patterns, with an IT Professional about application monitoring and continuous deployment, and with a developer about the code. The individual in this position requires the ability to work well with Microsoft R &D;, the Field, and Partners and to understand the varying perspectives and processes across these groups. This role requires an individual with very strong hands- on experience with technology and skills in communication, negotiation, and project management to enable the success of critical projects. As a Solution Architect, you will: Provide thought-leadership and architectural guidance/reviews on strategic AX implementations Represent Dynamics 365 R&D; in complex deals by providing functional and technical consultation Assist the core Dynamics 365 R&D; team develop the right scenarios and features to address Enterprise needs Support Solution ISVs and Partners Manage Enterprise customer escalation Build POCs and solutions Identify implementation issues, determine root cause by collecting data from various sources, and determine solutions that account for business needs as well as drive implementations to success. Qualifications Minimum of 5 years of demonstrated work experience in ERP Technologies with 3+ years in Dynamics 365 or its predecessor version 2 years of demonstrated domain skills in one of the following is a must – Service Industries, Public Sector, Manufacturing or Retail B.S. in Computer Science/Engineering or 7 years of equivalent experience BAGJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.