Position Overview The Chicago Bulls are seeking a Seasonal Basketball Operations Associate in Analytics who will be responsible for providing valuable multi-faceted support to the basketball operations team. This role will require a committed worker with a keen attention to detail as its key responsibilities will center on delivering timely and precise information to all members of the staff. Though the position will have a heavy focus on administrative matters – particularly database management and film preparation – it will also offer the opportunity to collaborate with the team’s basketball analytics personnel on assorted research-based statistical projects. This entry-level, single-season role will run prior to the start of training camp through the onset of next summer’s free agency period. Core Responsibilities The department is looking to add a key seasonal team member to deliver across various strategic initiatives. In this role, you will be expected to have general knowledge of how to use objective data to answer basketball-related questions. More specific responsibilities include: Disseminate periodic statistical updates: Generate and distribute nightly box score package to basketball operations staff. Collaborate with Manager of Basketball Analytics to build and distribute other routine updates as needed. Update and maintain player-agent database. Address myriad scouting administration matters: Help with creation of annual pro and draft scouting manuals. Manage scouting database report inventory. Maintain Bulls scout schedule. Provide scheduling information to scouts regarding key local games as well as upcoming mass events. Build and distribute pregame scout sheets for every game for each scout, highlighting key prospects and NBA targets. Work with scouts to make sure all reports are entered in database. Assist with draft, trade deadline and free agency prep: Compile video edits and build film library covering all priority prospects as well as key trade and free agency targets and distribute to operations staff as needed. Build scouting materials for predraft workouts. Contribute to long-form basketball analytics projects: Collaborate with Assistant General Manager and Manager of Basketball Analytics as requested on assorted longer-term statistical research projects geared towards our perpetual goal of continuing to improve our player evaluation process. Qualifications We are looking to place a highly organized self-starter who can work well with a variety of people at all levels to fill this role. You could be a potential match for this role if you have a strong mix of the following: An undergraduate education with a focus in business, statistics, mathematics or economics with a consistent track record of professional and personal achievement 1+ years of professional full time experience, preferably in a role that relied heavily on data modeling and data analysis Very strong Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills Experience building and interpreting dashboards and reports with visualization software Highly organized and strong time management abilities Works effectively and quickly in a dynamic environment Knowledge of basketball analytics, and the NBA more broadly, is a plus. Positive attitude and strong work ethic Strong communication (both written and verbal) Initiative and dedication to challenge self and continually strive for improvement Note that this role pays an hourly wage, requires flexible work hours and may include work outside of normal office hours during the business week and on weekends.