ARGO is a leading provider of software and analytics solutions for both the financial services and healthcare industries. ARGO transforms business processes for financial service providers and healthcare organizations using proven business models and software innovation informed by real customer challenges, breakthrough technology, and rich analytics. ARGO is looking for a seasoned Cloud DevOps Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate has proven experience working with cross functional teams in a variety of SDLC environments, are a technology leader who can plan, maintain and enhance processes as well as develop and implement automation across products. EDUCATION: : B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or other relevant degree MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: : 3+ years of proven production experience within cloud and SaaS offerings. Production experience with Azure cloud architecture and migration of non-cloud applications. Strong understanding of Azure infrastructure components (server, storage, network, data, applications, analytics). Hands-on implementation experience of Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) in complex products. Experience with various cloud deployment methodologies, including containerization with Kubernetes and Docker. Experience with cloud infrastructure management, taking into account quick SLAs and low TCO. Software development background within C , .NET, or Java stacks. JOB FUNCTIONS: : Collaborate with multiple teams across multiple products and technologies. Ability to work with multiple products, including some with different DevOps processes and technologies, in both hands-on implementation as well as strategic design. Work closely with DevOps Engineers, Software Engineers, and Product Owners to prioritize, estimate, and plan tasks. Develop automation and tools for CI/CD and general enhancements of development and quality assurance activities. Teach and mentor other engineers on DevOps best practices. Potential to grow into a technical leadership role for all WFM DevOps engineers. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Applicants for U.S. or Canadian based positions with ARGO must be legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for any ARGO positions. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.