Requisition Number: 68514 As a Front End Developer with Insight, you will help us support and grow our e-commerce platform. Our platform processes billions of dollars in B2B transactions around the world and we need you to help us grow through the next billion. We are looking for people who have awesome web development chops, a track record of creative web site development, a systems perspective, and a passion for user experience. What you’ll do at Insight: Build things: We develop using React and Redux. Collaborate: Work with teammates locally and remotely as we develop our e-commerce platform following design specs/mockups, styleguides and standards. Be Agile: Design - > Build -> Feedback -> Repeat Be a team player: Work with UX, marketing, services, and management teams throughout the development cycle. Learn: As a Front End Developer we rely on and help each other keep up to date with technologies and best practices like component based architectures, browser evolutions, and W3C standards. Use diverse technologies: We build new features with modern patterns, support applications using jQuery, extend Adobe AEM Web Content Management, and interface with services from our Java Spring server. What you'll need at Insight: Fluency with JavaScript A lot of great ideas and wanting to implement them Strong ability with HTML, CSS Experience building complex web applications with modern frameworks An OG who enjoys wrangling the complexity of large applications and appreciates the opportunities in legacy code Bachelor's in CS, 2-4 years of Web Development experience, or similar experience Nice to have: Experience developing with other languages, patterns and frameworks Experience with Java environments / services Experience with Redux Understanding of web accessibility and browser compatibility concerns Experience with test driven development The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Tempe || Arizona (US-AZ) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Tempe, AZ ||