The Assembler will be responsible for the hand soldering of surface mount and through hole components as well as the cleaning of them (x-ray of work when required). Responsible for checking all revisions for the kits provided to them and for making all changes to the work documentation when necessary. Major Accountabilities /Deliverables Hand soldering of surface mount and through-hole components as well as the cleaning of them (x-ray of work when required). Will be responsible for checking all revisions for the kits provided to them and for making all changes to the work documentation when necessary. Assembly of small mechanical assemblies. Assembly of rack-mount systems. This includes cutting, stripping, and terminating of individual wires. Assembly of power systems. This includes cutting stripping and terminating of individual wires. Assembly of RF sub-assemblies and integration of final RF systems. This includes assembling of systems on hot plates. Must follow all the safety procedures, environmental guidelines and company rules and regulations while assembling. All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Requires 3 to 5 years' experience in hand soldering, thru-hole and SMT. Must know parts and be able to read prints. Knowledge of SMT and Thru-hole components. Must be able to interpret hand written instructions and drawings. Experience with J-STD and IPC610-C/D required. Must be detail oriented and self-starter, able to work with minimal supervision. Good soldering and rework skills. Lead free soldering a plus. Education: High School Diploma required. What You'll Find at CW Challenging Work - The work we do at Curtiss-Wright is not only challenging, but it is meaningful to our customers, our employees and the communities in which we live and work. Independence- At Curtiss-Wright, you have the independence to invent, create and innovate; and the opportunity to work on the most advanced technology in our industry. A Collaborative Environment - The teamwork among our exceptionally talented people enables us to deliver some of the most advanced solutions to our customers. We Offer Curtiss-Wright is proud to offer our employees a comprehensive total rewards package: Competitive Pay Health and wellness benefits, including medical, dental, life insurance and more Savings opportunities for retirement, with an opportunity to become a shareholder Learning and development opportunities Recognition for your contributions This position may require exposure to information, which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of U.S. regulations. Curtiss-Wright values diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you require accommodation due to a disability at any time during the recruitment and/or assessment process, please contact Talent Acquisition and we will make all reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled