Auto req ID: 187002BR Position Type: Full Time Employee Type: Management Job Summary Manages and oversees the entire sort operations within a FedEx Ground (FXG) station or hub. Supports the FedEx Ground (FXG) Safety Above All Culture, ensuring compliance to FXG policies and procedures and governmental regulations. Essential Functions Serves as a Champion for FXG’s Safety Above All Culture and supports all related initiatives. Management responsibilities include, but are not limited to: hiring, terminations, coaching, skills development, recognition and rewards, performance evaluation and management, discipline, addressing employee concerns and staff productivity. Plans, organizes, staffs, directs and controls the day-to-day operations of the assigned sort. Ensures the sort is running in accordance with established safety, quality and service standards. Ensures that cost and productivity goals are met. Oversees or ensures daily visual inspections of loads to ensure proper quality for customers and/or vendors. Determines the sort’s strategic goals and ensures quality, service, cost and productivity goals are achieved. Plans sort strategy based on projected volume, head count, and other special circumstances and factors. Directs and guides the sort management team to ensure common understanding of operational updates and daily goals for the work area. Fosters a safety-conscious culture by supporting safety initiatives and ensuring appropriate related documentation is completed as necessary. Participates in the development of and responsible for administering company safety strategies and programs. Participates in the development of and responsible for administering company employee relations strategies, including maintaining the confidentiality of such material and matters. Ensures compliance with Company policy and federal, state and local regulations. Understands and administers all contractual agreements effectively, including vendor and Contracted Service Provider agreements, as necessary. NONESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Performs other duties as assigned. Minimum Education High School Diploma or GED required, Bachelor’s degree in Logistics, Business or related field preferred. Minimum Experience Three (3) years management experience or operational leadership experience required or Bachelor’s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area plus two years of management/operational leadership experience. Required Skills, Abilities and / or Licensure Ability to inspire a shared vision and empower and motivate a team. Demonstrated ability to build professional rapport, effectively lead a team and positively influence diverse groups. Proven ability to apply sound business judgment to establish and accomplish goals. Customer service skills necessary to effectively and professionally respond to requests and issues. Verbal and written communication skills necessary to communicate with various audiences and ability to effectively provide employees instruction on process and practice. Ability to read, interpret and draw conclusions from numerical data and written information. Software skills, including use of Microsoft Office software and web-based applications. Ability to maintain a working knowledge of relevant technology-based projects, including various devices and computer-based applications. % of Travel for the Position: 0%-25% Address: 18795 NE 73rd St City: Redmond State: Washington Zip Code: 98052