JOB DESCRIPTION Universal Brand Development seeks a Data Analyst to join the high performance Publishing team within the Games and Digital Platforms group. This position will be responsible for creating business intelligence dashboards to help make data-informed decisions and to drive key strategic recommendations for user acquisition, mobile game product optimization, and network/cross promotion management. ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Create dashboards, reports, and present data and insights via regular and ad-hoc reporting utilizing reporting/analysis platforms (i.e. Looker, SQL, Excel) to help teams understand and monitor the health and performance of their marketing campaigns or games Work with marketing team to define key metrics, identify trends and opportunities across channels, campaigns and consumer segments, and provide solutions for driving profitable user acquisition campaigns Analyze data on traffic sources and patterns in the impression to monetization funnel; provide actionable insights to marketing teams on campaign analysis, customer segmentation and profiling; expand real-time analytics practice for high profile campaigns and new product/ content launches Document all marketing data standards and processes for accuracy and audit when necessary. Data fidelity is key. Coordinate refining LTV methodology and maintaining LTV quality control Translate business needs to technical requirements and AB-tests, and work with teams to ensure correct implementation to allow easy, precise analysis of the impact. Identify and disseminate best practices across groups on how to interpret data and evaluate tests Create models to forecast spend and revenue based on historical trends, and predictive models created by the data science team Good understanding of statistical analysis, and preferred experience with statistical packages such as R, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc. Qualifications/Requirements Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Business Intelligence), Master’s preferred 2+ years business analysis experience with hands-on experience with data analytics required Strong hands-on experience with SQL, data warehousing, data modeling, dashboards and reporting, involving very large datasets and multiple data sources, with ability to interpret data and produce meaningful insights Superior knowledge of SQL and Excel with ability to turn raw data into actionable conclusions; programming experience and knowledge of Looker a plus Knowledge of statistics and statistical models, such as power analysis, statistical significance, linear / logistic regression, clustering and factor analyses, machine learning and predictive analytics Eligibility Requirements: Interested candidates must submit a resume/CV online to be considered Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States Must be covered by Solutions, NBCU’s Alternative Dispute Resolution Program Sub-Business Film Brand Development Career Level Experienced City Glendale State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.