The Chief Technology Officer (CTO) is dedicated to pushing government technology forward to ensure that our systems can scale to future needs and deliver on the promise of Internet of Things (IoT). The Data Integration Architect will play a lead role in ensuring that the data flows from and between these new IoT and can be leveraged appropriately. The successful candidate will be expected to model, develop, and enhance processes to ensure seamless data flows between systems. To that end, the Data Integration Architect will engage regularly with senior managers, technologists, and the City's customers to understand evolving needs and vision and then translate this into an executable plans and roadmap for the City's IoT data architecture. This position supports the CTO's vision to transform government technology and deliver superior customer satisfaction. Responsibilities will include: ? Provide technical leadership for the development and integration of data flows between IoT systems; ? Partner with stakeholders to develop overall strategy, policy, and roadmaps for IoT data integrations and architecture; ? Design and help oversee the creation and maintenance of a system for IoT data flows such as a hub that includes data modeling, data mappings, data validation, hierarchy manager, security, and other pertinent areas; ? Make recommendations with respect to data standardization for IoT; ? Create policy and strategy for continuous modernization of IoT data architecture to meet the City and the public's evolving needs; ? Work with Citywide IT Security team to ensure that data integrations and architecture meet Citywide security standards and best practices; ? Handle special projects and initiatives as assigned. The position?s responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City?s EEO policy. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Qualification Requirements (continued) NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred Skills The successful candidate should possess the following: ? Strong data management and integration background;? Experience working with structured and unstructured data and big data;? Experience working with RESTFul/SOAP, JSON, and APIs; ? Experience working on data integration and architecture for IoT technologies and other emerging technology a strong plus; ? Solid understanding of enterprise-wide data flows, including customer flows;? Deep understanding of Informatica suite of ETL products; ? Expert SQL skills. High comfort level with various database systems and analytical tools such as, but not limited to Oracle, SQL Server, Mongo DB; ? Highly skilled with web services for data integration;? Experience working on data integration and architecture for highly distributed systems within a large government or global corporate organization;? Working knowledge of security frameworks and architecture for IoT and emerging technology.? Experience with device provisioning, commissioning, and remote device management layers in the context of IoT.? Big picture orientation with strong attention to detail;? Skilled at working on multiple, simultaneous projects of complex nature; ? Robust analysis and problem solving skills; ? Excellent verbal skills with proven ability to explain complex technical concepts to a non-technical audience; ? Strong interpersonal and presentation skills. To Apply For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID 315781For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID 315781-or-If you do not have access to a computer, please mail resume indicating Job ID to: Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT)Recruitment Office - 255 Greenwich Street - 9th Floor - New York, NY 10007SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEWAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT Hours/Shift Day - Due to the necessary technical management duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to be on call and/or work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings. Work Location Brooklyn, NY Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position