Job Title: Systems Administrator Department: BFA Animation Reports to: Chair, Direrctor of Operations and Technology Manager Position Overview: On-site technical support, and overseeing of daily operations at BFA Animation, west side. Work Schedule: Tue-Fri, 11am - 7pm and Sat 9am-5pm Duties & Responsibilities: Configure, deploy, and maintain mac computers and mac servers Provide technical support and troubleshooting solutions for hardware, software and peripherals Work closely with Technology Manager in ensuring consistent daily operations of the west side BFA Animation facility Enforce safe policies and procedures for computer labs and classrooms Assist in planning the technology budget for the department Communicate with software and hardware outside vendors regarding troubleshooting Research new technology and assert recommendations for classes, labs and administration Coordinate off-site equipment repairs Supervise, and train student workers to assist with maintenance Maintain and update equipment sign-out forms Ensure timely circulation of borrowed equipment such as: wacom pens, headphones, portable cintiqs and sound recorders Attend and participate in departmental events such as: Accepted Students Day, SVA Open House Perform other duties as assigned by the department. Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree required. 2-3 years experience with Mac OS X hardware, software workflow Expert knowledge of Mac OS systems Appropriate training or certification a plus Art or creative production background and knowledge of technology trends and ongoing developments Broad knowledge of animation software, hardware, including video and audio. Must demonstrate strong critical thinking, analytical reasoning and organizational skills. Ability to execute assigned project tasks within established schedule Must be a team player with the ability to identify issues and be proactive in driving solutions Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with students, faculty and staff Flexible with one’s work schedule (Schedule is subject to change) School of Visual Arts (SVA) in New York City is an established leader and innovator in the education of artists. From its inception in 1947, the faculty has been comprised of professionals working in the arts and art-related fields. SVA provides an environment that nurtures creativity, inventiveness and experimentation, enabling students to develop a strong sense of identity and a clear direction of purpose. To apply for this position, please send a cover letter and resume to [email protected] No walk-ins or phone calls please. The School of Visual Arts is an equal opportunity employer.