_Trend Micro: Securing Your Journey to the Cloud_ Trend Micro, the world’s largest independent security software company, strives to make the world a safer place by protecting digital information. Our solutions for consumers, businesses and governments provide layered security to protect information on mobile devices, endpoints, gateways, servers and the cloud. Trend Micro enables the smart protection of information, with innovative technology that is simple to deploy and manage, and security that fits an evolving ecosystem. Our solutions are supported by over 5000 employees in over 50 countries and powered by the world’s most advanced cloud-based global threat intelligence, the Trend Micro™ Smart Protection Network™. As a part of the Tipping Point team at Trend Micro, you will participate as part of a dynamic and talented team that develops the next generation of Trend Micro’s security products. Your role will be to work together with the product development team to design and test our products. You will have key focus on automated testing and system assurance processes to ensure high quality and high performance systems. This is a diverse role involving both hardware and software products and all aspects of the product development life cycle. The successful candidate will understand the broad technology aspects of the solutions provided by the entire R &D; organization and will provide a lead role in implementing effective test strategies including Continuous Regression Testing across the entire product set. We’re looking for someone who: Will use their interest in technology and high quality products to help us deliver innovative and sustainable solutions that solve our customer’s problems Appreciates the breadth of systems from the various perspectives such as usability, testability, performance, scalability and supportability Loves to work on a great cross functional team collaborating effectively with various groups to understand business objectives, customer needs and gaps, and deliver on the team objectives Will work with cross-functional agile teams to design effective Automated Test Strategies for functional, system, performance and longevity test Has great scripting skills and believes the best tests are coded and performed by a machine Will work on a variety of hardware and software platforms at varying layers in the stack, and at any level of the development pipeline Has a proactive, customer-oriented approach when troubleshooting problems and resolving issues related to product, process and tools Possesses strong technical aptitude; Experience with enterprise security and related technologies will be ideal Is a creative thinker with excellent communication and interpersonal skills Will support and mentor all levels of engineers to produce effective quality discipline Has a minimum of 7 years’ experience in enterprise product quality assurance with a demonstrated history of quality technical leadership Has a bachelor of computer science degree (or equivalent) About Trend Micro Austin The Tipping Point R &D; team in Austin is comprised of highly effective small teams that take ownership for various areas of our product and services. The teams work hard innovating to make the best darn security products imaginable. The atmosphere is relaxed, spacious, and we strongly value work/life balance and continued learning. A few specifics: Collaborative workspaces with unique and spacious lounge areas Flexible hours Opportunities to pursue training, industry events and conferences Global company, global opportunities Frequent team activities, project celebrations, and knowledge sharing Pool table, ping pong, etc. Regular office lunches Free coffee and tea Cheap snacks and sodas