_Arizona Department of Child Safety_ _A New Beginning for Arizona’s Children_ HUMAN RESOURCES LIAISON (PERSONNEL ANALYST 2) Human Resources – Central Region 3003 N Central Ave Phoenix, AZ 85012 www.azdcs.gov JOB SUMMARY: Under the direction of the Central Region Program Administrator and the Senior Human Resources (HR) Field Business Partner, this position is responsible for managing HR functions for Central Region which encompasses over 630 employees. Also responsible for directly supervising two support staff. JOB DUTIES: In coordination with Central Office HR, process personnel actions for all employees/positions to include onboarding, separations, promotions, transfers, salary action requests, position reallocations, etc. and maintain a high level of confidentiality. Oversee work produced by support staff and HR office liaisons. Initiate recruitment process for vacancies and coordinate hiring activities with hiring managers and applicants. Maintain region position control; and provide a variety of reports to the Program Administrator weekly/monthly as required. Respond to management and employee inquiries regarding Benefits, FMLA, Donated Annual Leave, performance appraisals; and conduct training/presentations to small and large audiences on HR topics. Prepare monthly HR scorecard and present at management team business review meeting monthly; and maintain Central Region HR Huddle board. Review processes and identify/implement process improvement strategies. Perform other duties appropriate to the assignment. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge of: Principles and practices of management and supervision HR administration and management Principles of HR functions including recruitment, examination, classification and compensation and benefits management Business English to include proper sentence structure, grammar and punctuation Computer use and Microsoft Office applications Skill in: Verbal and written communication Establishing and maintaining interpersonal relationships Time management and prioritization Analyzing and evaluating a wide variety of data Operating office equipment Utilizing Microsoft Office programs including Word and Excel Ability to: Learn and adhere to all ADOA and Departmental rules, regulations, policies and procedures Apply effective guidance and expertise in the development and implementation of programs, projects, and operating procedures Apply administrative and management operations under limited supervision Maintain confidentiality Work independently, as appropriate and as part of a team Multi-task Learn internal database systems such as Human Resources Information Solution (HRIS), Children’s Information Library and Data Source (CHILDS) and Managing Accountability and Performance (MAP) SPECIAL SELECTION FACTOR(S): Requires the possession of, and ability to retain a current, valid state- issued driver’s license appropriate to the assignment. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver’s license record checks, must maintain acceptable driving records and must complete any required driver training (see Arizona Administrative Code R2-10-207.12). Must be able to secure and maintain clearance from the CPS Central Registry. PREFERRED QUALIFICATION(S): HR professional experience in State of Arizona Lean practices/principles Proficient experience using excel PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Employment is contingent on the selected applicant passing a background investigation. BENEFITS: We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting 602-255-2903. Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._