BI & Reporting: Data Architect / DBA - 18000L2O Preferred Qualifications Are you interested in building large-scale distributed infrastructure for the cloud? Oracle’s Cloud Infrastructure team is based in downtown Seattle and is building new Infrastructure-as-a-Service technologies that operate at high scale in a broadly distributed multi-tenant cloud environment. Oracle’s extensive enterprise customer base is looking for rock solid cloud solutions that provide the same reliability and effectiveness that they have come to expect from Oracle. Our customers run their businesses on our cloud, and our mission is to provide them with best in class, foundational cloud services. Oracle's Cloud team is being built with an entrepreneurial spirit that promotes an energetic and creative environment. We are specifically looking for a BI & Analytics Data Architect to join the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Group in Seattle. The team helps standardize reporting, driving clear insights that result in OCI achieving its operational objectives. The team is responsible for innovating, developing, and evangelizing cutting-edge data products and solutions. The ideal candidate will have proven experience in reporting and data analysis, database structures, and providing technical leadership. Challenges and opportunities are plentiful in this role! We need talented people to help us drive excellence using data to tell business stories. In this role, you will: Architect extensible data warehouse environment(s) that can be leveraged by data modelers to store data from various sources Architect tools for improving data quality / process efficiency Identify technical risks associated with a project/program and provide mitigation options Apply predictive modeling and advanced algorithms to create actionable insights and solutions, identify patterns in data, apply appropriate tests of statistical reliability, and interpret the results in actionable terms. Apply data visualization, market research, and performance measurement best practices to new and existing solutions. Bring the insight to the attention of engineering and business leaders Define and establish new processes and programs to support a rapidly scaling business Mentor technical developers / data modelers, and mentor business users on BI tools Mandatory Qualifications: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business Administration or related field Ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Knowledge of SQL/RDBMS technologies Experience with designing technical solutions Excels in synthesizing complex elements into a crisp, yet robust story Self-driven, analytical, and results oriented with proven sound judgment. Excellent organizational, verbal, and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications: 6+ years as a Data Architect and/or DBA Demonstrated experience in data warehousing - including dimensional data modelling, fact and dimension tables, physical and logical data modeling Ability to gather data requirements and use data modeling to visualize patterns for analysis Experience with (data exploration/data mining); generating insights across multiple data sources Experienced development skills using Oracle PL/SQL This position is location in downtown Seattle, Washington. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse “big data” sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years relevant work experience. BS/BA preferred. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.