Founded in 2011, Songtrust, a Billboard Magazine Top Music Startup, is revolutionizing the traditional music publishing business. Our clients – ranging from indie artists to Grammy Nominees – retain 100% ownership of their copyrights and receive professional publishing administration services. Our catalog consists of over 1,000,000 songs that have been performed and recorded by premiere artists. Songtrust is the world's largest global royalty collection service and publishing administrator, enabling nearly 100,000 songwriters and over 15,000 publishers to collect their publishing royalties worldwide for over 1,000,000 copyrights. Our industry-leading online solutions help songwriters, artists, managers, labels and publishers simplify music rights management including the administration of music publishing assets, performing rights, and digital licensing. Interns at Songtrust have gone on to work at Songtrust, Downtown Music Publishing, HFA, Amazon, iHeartRadio, LiveNation, Sony, Columbia, The Paramount, and more. Songtrust is looking for a well-rounded Tech Operations / IT Support Co-op Intern to support our multinational organization. This is an exciting opportunity because the IT environment is very new, there will be a lot of autonomy and projects started from the ground up. We are cloud forward as Songtrust is a Saas, but still have two core applications in the datacenter (Windows server, MSSQL specifically). This role will report to our Tech Operations manager. Globally we are about 80 people with 5 non-independent offices to support, with the bulk (60 or so) being in NYC. Responsibilities: Establish support procedures, support technology issues globally, and triage high priority issues. Maintain documentation for the internal systems, services, and processes. Explore and install new technologies, systems, and services. Support our software engineering team with various tasks (e.g. Update/maintenance of Windows servers, manage backup/restore processes, security practices). Set up and implement best practices for security. Support the organization in onboarding, offboarding and every day IT needs. Keep current with the latest technologies and best practices with regards to IT support and operations. Qualifications: Self-starter with an organized mindset Experience in providing exceptional hands-on support with a variety of end-user devices/virtual devices, such as Apple desktops and laptops, video conferencing, printers, etc. Experience with hosted productivity and communications applications: Google, MS Office, Adobe, Slack, Atlassian Suite, and the ability to train and support employees on their use. Skilled in troubleshooting LAN and wireless networks; familiar with protocols such as TCP, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Remote Desktop, VPN and VoIP setup/troubleshooting Bonus points for: Experience with project management tools such as JIRA and documentation tools like Confluence. Experience with asset management/tracking software such as JAMF or others(we are not using anything currently but would like to one day). WHY YOU WANT TO WORK HERE: An opportunity to work with some of the most talented professionals in the music and tech industry in a casual and welcoming environment Weekly Q&A; sessions with the head of each department A collaborative group project connecting the operations of multiple departments and companies within Downtown Frequent interactive presentations, office-wide breakfasts/lunches, birthday celebrations, and other special events SoHo -- need we say more?