As a member of the rapidly growing Information Security Office, the Information Security Analyst is a part of the Information Security Operations team and responsible for support of the following information security services: Information Security Awareness & Training, Information Security Risk Management & Oversight, Information Security Threat & Vulnerability Management and Incident Response & Investigation. In conjunction with the Information Security Operations Team Lead, this position is responsible for the monitoring, alerting, forensic analysis, communication, and education with security and risk management processes in the bank. Acts as key liaison to management and employees regarding information security operations risk issues. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Information Security Under direction of Information Security Operations Lead perform day-to-day Information Security Operations tasks: Periodic vulnerability assessments and risk mitigation activities and provide reports to management for review Assist implementation of information security standards, procedures and guidelines in compliance with bank regulations (e.g. GLBA, BSA, FFIEC, etc.). Assists the maintenance and enhancement of information security operation posture of the bank’s computers and networks Works with IT staff, business stakeholders, and project managers to resolve information security related issues with applications during implementation and ongoing maintenance. Assists with forensic analysis regarding cyber security, electronic fraud, and data breaches Assists with various activities associated with the banks Operational Risk Management Program. Reviews GLBA Information Security Assessments for all locations and recommend remediation actions related to any control weakness Assist IT team with maintenance of information security infrastructure upgrades, performance, availability, and reliability Information Security Threat & Vulnerability Management Perform regular vulnerability assessments across network to identify potential risks impacting bank systems. Assist with the acquisition and analysis of threat intelligence to identify, track and predict cyber capabilities, intentions, and activity that offer course of actions to enhance decision making. Perform monitoring of threat intelligence sources to identify threats against the bankIncident Response and Investigation. Incident Response and Investigation Participates as an active member of the Bank’s Incident Response Team to prevent computer security breaches Monitor security devices and solutions for effective operation and respond to security alerts or events Review systems logs and reports for potential unusual behavior and potential compromise Escalates issues to management as needed Coordinate proper monitoring with the Identity and Access Management team for third-party vendor access to the bank’s network Information Security Awareness & Training Build and update awareness and training programs to help educate bank staff and customers regarding Information Security Perform on-going trainings with customers and staff (in-person, remote, and written materials) Perform on-going testing to identify staff awareness of training programs Security Oversight/Governance: Performs oversight/governance, research, documentation, and vendor due diligence for assigned security applications. Will be the subject matter expert and primary user of security applications. Works closely with Information Technology Department to ensure that appropriate security standards are followed. Works closely with business partners on a regular basis to assist in defining security application requirements and identify opportunities to improve application utilization. Responsible for planning, managing, facilitating, instructing and monitoring project activities for all assigned projects. Performs user-based policy and role configuration functions for assigned security applications. Assists in supporting all reporting requirements for security application systems. Evaluates product upgrades for security impact, and creates the business benefits analysis/evaluation. Identifies opportunities to improve application and network security. Documents security processes and procedure as needed. Follows established change management procedures. OTHER FUNCTIONS Maintains good working relationship with all law enforcement agencies (FBI, Secret Service, Homeland Security, etc.). Coordinates the Bank's efforts with other financial institutions in dealing with phishing, online account fraud, or other information security incidents. Performs eDiscovery assessments and searches as needed. Participate on-call rotational duties with other team members. Other duties and responsibilities as requested or assigned. KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS or related field. 3 – 5 years of experience in a technical / security related role Information Security certifications preferred: SANS GIAC: GCIH, GMON, GCWN, GPEN, or GCED In-depth knowledge and experience in computer security theory, principles, and practices. This includes operating system configuration, host and network monitoring, vulnerability scanning, host and network forensic analysis Excellent communications and interpersonal skills; ability to collaborate with and work effectively with diverse groups of people Exhibits the ability to explain complex technical security issues in layman’s terms. Demonstrated proficiency with various security applications and forensic tools, networking, software applications, including spreadsheets, word processing, database, and email. Regular, reliable attendance is required.