Requisition Number: 67183 You know your… stuff. You’re a top-flight consultant focused on the innovative application of technology to truly resolve thorny business challenges. Making things that didn’t work before work is what drives you. Delighted clients praising how you’ve saved their company and increased their profitability just makes your day. Your biggest problem is that the consultancy you work for grew up from accounting and finance, not technology. You don’t have top-flight technology experts who are just as top-flight as you. Your greatest plans generally slow down in deployment. Cheer up. There’s a great solution waiting for you as an Enterprise Solutions Architect (ESA) with one of the world’s largest technology integrators, Insight. We’ve got the goods. Legions of true technology experts in networking, storage, software-based-everything, Open Source, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, you name it. You need someone to superbly implement your next technology project, we’ve got them. And we have the relationships with each of these vendors and thousands more that you have always dreamt of having. You’ll also have a team of sales and logistics experts to do the fundamental blocking and tackling that you don’t have the time to worry about. They’ll look to you to be the brains behind their brawn. They’ll sweat the operational details while you focus on the best possible solution for each client’s needs. Your experience and expertise demand the best deployment team possible. Find the clients, the resources, and the challenges you crave at Insight. Life can be more fun, and more rewarding. It just depends on who you’re flying with. What you’ll need to join Insight: 10-15 years of relevant industry experience in an enterprise environment 5 to 10 years of architecture and delivery experience in multiple large scale environments around the Microsoft technologies including all security products Ability to perform in depth discovery analysis of IT environments and create services estimate based on business requirements and desired outcome 5-10 Years' experience in the following technologies On-premise – Active Directory, System Center, MDM(AirWatch), Email, Skype for Business Cloud – Office 365(Including ATP), Windows 10 and Windows Defender ATP, EM &S (Azure AD, Cloud App Security, Intune, AIP and other related technologies, JAMF, AirWatch Understanding of Microsoft cloud licensing VMware Workspace One and Horizon a bonus In Depth experience in transformation from on premise to cloud including legacy device management to modern management In Depth experience in All version of Windows including Windows Server 2012 and 2016 Understanding of Networking, PKI, DNS, Firewalls and other infrastructure requirements as it pertains to the above technologies Ability to create customer facing presentations and present to C-Level and above customer. The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. About Insight Insight’s success begins with our people making meaningful connections every day. Our culture lives in our teammates. Insight is looking for great people who will embrace our values of Hunger, Heart and Harmony. Hunger to create new opportunities for our clients. Heart to make a positive impact in people’s lives. Harmony to celebrate each other’s unique contributions to bring solutions to clients. Join our team as we work to deliver the best solutions through Intelligent Technology Solutions™, the new IT. Global technology provider of IT hardware, software and service solutions Fortune 500 company founded in 1988 with clients around the globe $5.5 billion in revenue for 2016 6,400+ teammates worldwide 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 2016 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2017 Dell EMC Titanium Black Partner, 2016 HP US Personal Systems Reseller of the Year, 2016 Cisco Gold Certification in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Phoenix || Arizona (US-AZ) || United States (US) || NETINF || None || Remote; US - Tampa, FL ||