Student Internship - Interior Design - Fall 2018 As an Interior Design Intern in Gensler's Houston office, you will join our creative student environment for a full-time, paid internship opportunity beginning approximately September 2018 and ending December 2018. You must be available for the entire duration of the program. What You Will Do During This Internship You will have an exciting opportunity to work on interior design projects as a fully collaborative member of a design team, participating in design charrettes and learning sessions focused on delivering a successful project for our clients, large or small In addition to hands-on learning, you will experience educational sessions and mentorship opportunities that include lectures, project tours, vendor visits and a group project You will also enjoy the rich culture of our firm and the broader office community through a number of events and learning opportunities focused on supporting your professional licensure efforts Your Qualifications You are currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program in Interior Design or a related program; CIDA accredited program highly preferred You have completed your third year of an undergraduate program or first year of a graduate program You are returning to your program after the internship and will be graduating within one year You submit an online portfolio that demonstrates design process and innovative design solutions (PDF format with 2-4 work samples) Experience using Revit highly preferred, AutoCAD, and/or BIM modeling software a plus Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Suite (Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) 3-D computer rendering skills (Sketch Up, 3ds Max, and/or other modeling software) Proficiency with MS Office (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint) Hand sketching ability a plus How to Apply Submit an online application on Gensler.com/Careers, including a resume, cover letter, and portfolio, including work samples (PDF 10 MB max in total, or a link to your online portfolio). Submissions without a portfolio/work samples will not be considered. This posting will remain open until August 15, 2018. About Gensler Gensler is a global architecture and design firm grounded in the belief that design strategy optimizes business performance and human potential. Our 5,000+ practitioners networked across 45+ offices use global perspective and local presence to innovate at every scale. Whether we are refreshing a retailer's brand, planning a new urban district, or designing a super tall building, we strive to make the everyday places people occupy more inspiring, more resilient, and more impactful. _Gensler is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participant in the U.S. Federal E-Verify program. Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply._