Acquisition Security Analyst Location : El Segundo, CA/LAAFB Clearance Required: TS/SCI Position Overview: The Acquisition Security Analyst will assist the Government Program Manager with the development and implementation of comprehensive program protection methodologies to protect advanced technology programs throughout the system’s life cycle. Required Skills: Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and the appropriate ICDs/JAFANs/DOD Manuals and other guiding policy documents Working experience with SCI and SAR/SAP programs Must have extensive knowledge of the DD Form 254 and how it is incorporated in the Air Force acquisition process Must have the ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners Professional Business Functions: Ability to constructively engage and resolve challenging situations Available to work before/after typical office hours Independent self-starter, proactive and professional assertive Effective oral and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills, and computer literate Proficiency with MS Office Suite (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook) Strong analytical and problem solving skills Ability to multitask Multiple levels of experience required/desired: Level I \- 4-6 years related experience with acquisition programs, including minimum 2 years with SCI or SAR programs. Bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (no degree requires additional 4 years to total years related experience) Level II \- 10 - 12 years related experience with acquisition programs, including minimum 6 years with SCI or SAR programs. Minimum 4 years with SAR program acquisitions desired. Bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (no degree requires additional 4 years to total years related experience) Level III \- 15+ years related experience with acquisition programs, including minimum 10 years with SCI or SAR programs. Minimum 8 years with SAR program acquisitions desired. Master’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (no degree requires additional 6 years to total years related experience) Additional Information: This job description is not designed to cover or contain all job duties required of the employee. There may be additional activities, duties and/or responsibilities that are required for this position that are not listed in this job description. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. System High is a Military friendly employer. Our extensive work on behalf of the U.S. government offers those who have served in uniform an opportunity to continue to serve their country in a new and exciting way while enjoying a successful civilian career. System High Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law