What you’ll be doing... Verizon's Yahoo Small Business (YSB) team is seeking to hire a Full Stack Software Engineer. Verizon has announced plans to transition Yahoo Small Business into the Verizon core company (from Oath). This position will be part of that planned transition. Verizon’s Yahoo Small Business (YSB) team provides services and platforms that enable small and medium businesses to succeed. Our core offering includes actionable live web insights, application/developer platforms, real-time traffic tracking and analytics, recommendations, provisioning management, subscription/billing management, merchant solutions, domain management, web hosting and local listings. These are some of the important functions that allow the business owner to gain insights and take action to grow their business. And more, you get to work on the most advanced and interesting technology with no limit. Planning, designing, developing, coding and testing software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products; revising and refining as required. Participating in the development of project timelines, implementation design specifications, system flow diagrams, documentation, testing and ongoing support of systems. Conceptualizing and developing prototypes quickly in working with the Product and Architect. Maintaining and improving existing code with a pride of ownership. What we’re looking for... You are self-driven with experience in design and implementation of complex and distributed systems, particularly in building high-performance backend and/or frontend frameworks. You have a passion for seeking engineering excellence and adopting new technologies. You are not afraid to drive for success by working with cross-functional teams. You’ll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Knowledge of software architecture, networking and distributed systems, design patterns, and UNIX/Linux environments. Experience with browser-side client technologies including HTML5, CSS, ReactJS/Redux and object-oriented JavaScript; or experience with server-side client technologies including Java or C++. Even better if you have: Master’s degree in Computer Science. Experience with NodeJS, Java EE/Spring Framework. Five or more years of relevant technical experience. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.