MentorMate is seeking a (Contract) Business Analyst to work onsite in the Minneapolis / St. Paul area with a MentorMate team for one of our enterprise clients. Contract will be 6 months with the possibility to extend. Business Analysts are primarily responsible for overseeing development for product(s) that they manage. Taking high-level direction and requirements from the product strategy organization, they manage story breakdown, detailed story specifications, user interface requirements and acceptance criteria specification for all user stories. In this role, you will collaborate closely with other members of the project team, including Scrum Master, Technical Architect, Business Analysts, Designer, Development Manager, multiple developers and quality assurance engineers. The goal of this team is to ensure the readiness of requirements, and prepare story specifications for development. Responsibilities Include: Work with stakeholders, architect, designers, and developers to capture business requirements Work with project teams to develop innovative solutions that meet client requirements Work with project leadership team to ensure quality and on-time delivery Participation in kickoffs, reviews and planning meetings Requirements elicitation Business documents preparation User stories writing and acceptance criteria definition Providing analysis and solution Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in relevant field or equivalent experience At least three years experience in BA position Ability to understand and organize complex ideas into application requirements Experience with SCRUM development methodology Experience with Requirements Tracking Tool - JIRA, Pivotal, Rally, etc. Excellent interpersonal skills Excellent written communication skills Excellent listening skills Able to assert themselves in meetings, both internally and with clients Ability to deal with wide variety of people, cultures, etc. Ability to deal with rapidly varying tasks as needed Team player Self-starter About Our Company MentorMate answers complex business challenges with native, hybrid, cross- platform, and custom software development. We think big, design smart, and develop fast for all screens, projects, and teams. With seven global offices, our teams are located across Minneapolis, Bulgaria, and Sweden. Solutions design, project management, interactive design, and other client-facing operations are led by our team stateside. MentorMate provides a collaborative culture to match the creativity of the technologists who work here. We blend autonomy and exploration with an entrepreneurial approach to all we do. MentorMate is a place of constant energy, from the physical office space to how team members socialize. MentorMate was founded in 2001 to help business meet their needs with transformative digital solutions. That spirit still drives MentorMate employees today. MentorMate is part of the Taylor Corporation family of companies. Taylor companies provide communication services, products and technologies to many of the most recognizable brands in the world. http://mentormate.com