_Lead Data Engineer_ _Greater Seattle Area_ _About the role. . ._ In order to continue and accelerate our growth, we are looking for a Lead Data Engineer with Cloud Solutions background to add to our Seattle, Washington- based team. Lead Engineer is responsible for building a large-scale data pipeline in cloud platform. This may involve in automation of manual processes to cloud environment. Candidate would direct the initiatives for creation of data sets. Delivering client value and ensuring high client satisfaction. Core responsibilities for this position include, but are not limited to the following: Extracts data from various databases; perform exploratory data analysis, cleanses, massages, and aggregates data Employs scaling & automation to data preparation techniques - Introduces incremental improvements to data analysis, visualization, and presentation techniques to communicate discoveries Researches relevant emerging empirical methods and quantitative tools Possesses in-depth business knowledge in order to initiate and drive discussions with business partners to identify business issues needing analytic solutions Leads innovative packaging and presentation of insights to business and broader analytics community Develops processes to automate and scale insights operationalization Develops and drives multiple cross-departmental projects Establishes brand and team as subject matter experts in advanced analytics across departments. Mentors data scientists in pioneering techniques and business acumen Required Qualifications: Cloud solution implementation experience with Azure Data Lake and Spark preferred Minimum 8 years hands-on experience with SQL At least one year of experience in scripting languages such as Python Demonstrated experience in a cloud-based -computing environment such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform Big data processing techniques, preferred Can work independently in ambiguous environment About Logic20/20. . . Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.