JR-0000041616, Supply Chain Integration Developer Western Digital® We deliver the possibilities of data. YOU define what’s possible. JOB: In this position, the individual will be an individual contributor with responsibilities in design, development and deployment of supply chain planning solutions. He/she will drive and implement initiatives for supply chain planning tools and business process innovations. ESSENTIAL DUTIES + RESPONSIBILITIES: Act as the Integration consultant focusing on integration between different Supply Chain applications and ERP systems Interact with solution architects and Business System Analysts at various Global locations on business requirements Analyze and understand business problems/requirements to propose effective technical solutions Develop functional/ technical specifications and have them successfully implemented. Conduct Unit testing, System testing and End User Testing Help support the current implementation and resolve critical issues Identify opportunities to automate and enhance the business process and systems Establish and maintain relationships with internal customers, and meet their expectations Prioritize and manage several open support requests at one time to meet Service Level Agreements QUALIFICATIONS: A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline 5+ years of experience in Design, implementation and support of Supply Chain Systems. Expertise on Database concepts (Oracle), PL/SQL scripting, systems infrastructure, systems development and software development Life cycle Strong analytical skills Excellent communication and inter-personal skills Must be a self-motivated individual, and have ability to manage multiple priorities with aggressive deadlines Experience with integration of JDA applications (Demand Manager/Planner, Supply Chain Planner, Factory Planner, etc.) is desirable Knowledge of SAP HANA is desirable Experience in supply chain data models is desirable ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL Western Digital Corporation is the world’s largest data storage company with a leading portfolio of HGST, SanDisk, G-Technology and WD brands covering flash and disk-based solutions. Deployed by the largest and most prominent organizations worldwide, Western Digital solutions are everywhere, touching lives and enabling great value from the data they possess. Western Digital is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. Western Digital does not unlawfully discriminate and complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO Is The Law poster: Equal Employment Opportunity Is The Law. Western Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify. LI-MS1