With an 85% internal promotion rate and rapid company growth, build your next career with the world’s largest pool supply retailer! Corporate Team The Leslie’s Customer Support Center (Corporate Office) is located in Phoenix, Arizona. The Customer Support Center assists all of Leslie’s internal and external customers around the nation. The once warehouse, now office, includes an on-site gym and wellness center, along with covered parking. As the leading pool supply retailer in the nation, we work hard to maintain a supportive and friendly atmosphere that results in innovation and quality service. Job Scope The Enterprise Architect reports to the SVP & CIO, and is responsible for creating technology roadmaps that supports Leslie’s business strategies, defining and enforcing technology standards across the IT department, and providing technology governance to IT projects. This includes responsibility for evaluating for evaluating innovative technologies to drive greater efficiencies. The Enterprise Architect is a hands on position that develops and maintains documentation of the Enterprise Infrastructure. Using knowledge of architecture and design solutions, the Enterprise Architect will work with domain experts to ensure that individual area vision for current and emerging technologies align with the overall long term roadmap and technology vision. The Enterprise Architect assesses, recommends and builds compelling business cases for emerging technologies and appropriate technical approaches for solutions including opportunities for cost savings. Outcomes Reviews technology and operational trends within retail space and recommends technology strategies to align with business initiatives. Develops and maintains the enterprise technology roadmaps that drive innovation within the organization. Reviews enterprise technical designs to ensure that they are consistent with defined architecture principles, standards, standards and best practices. Accountable for the availability, stability, scalability, security, recoverability enabled by the designs. Works with business partners to ensure that design meets desired outcomes. Defines and promotes enterprise architecture processes, policies, standards and procedures to assure compliance with corporate and regulatory policies. Collaborates with both IT and business leadership to influence decisions controlling millions of dollars in annual technology and business investment. Governs the introduction of new technologies. Reviews, aligns, and drives technology plans with enterprise goals, business plans and business processes. Maintenance of the Enterprise Architecture Library, and management of the development and maintenance of associated artifacts. Qualifications Required Experience Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline preferred, MBA a plus. 10 years' experience in designing, implementing and managing data management systems including RDBMS's, Data Warehouses and DataMarts. 5 years of experience working in retail companies in business intelligence role supporting both brick and mortar and ecommerce divisions. Experience with Microsoft SQL version 16 desired. 5 years progressive experience managing robust business intelligence, decision support, and analytical tool sets such as Microsoft BI, Tableau, and/or Business Objects. 5 years of experience managing direct reports and teams. 5 years of experience developing enterprise architectures with proven solution successes. Required Expertise & Skills Ability to work independently, work in a fast paced environment, and manage workload prioritization to deliver high quality work products on time with minimal direction. Advanced collaboration skills and the ability to handle and resolve conflicting requirements, and to reach solutions that are acceptable to your stakeholders. Superior knowledge of the following technology architecture domains: application, collaboration, data integration, networks, platform, security and systems management, and site reliability engineering. Superior knowledge of SOA, micro services, and object-oriented analysis and design. Superior ability to comprehend business strategies to ensure technical directions are supportive and consistent within the company. Superior knowledge of Supply Chain software, such as Manhattan Warehouse Management, Transportation Management, and Order Management Systems. Superior knowledge of multiple, diverse technical configurations, technologies and processing environments for retail business transformations to omni-channel retailing initiatives.