ZS is the world’s largest consulting firm focused exclusively on improving business performance through sales and marketing consulting solutions, from customer insights and strategy to analytics, operations and technology. Together, we design and implement strategies that lead to greater market share, more competitive operations and increased use of today’s latest technologies. From our worldwide offices, ZS professionals draw on deep industry and domain expertise to deliver impact where it matters for clients. We are particularly known for our expertise in the pharmaceutical and health care sectors, yet work across a range of industries. ZS' Business Consulting group delivers solutions to a broad spectrum of sales and marketing challenges. We also help our clients transform their sales and marketing strategies and organizations to improve their effectiveness. Our recommendations and solutions are based in rigorous research and analysis underpinned by deep expertise and thought leadership across the demand generation process. ZS’ R &D Excellence Practice brings together experts in Strategy, Clinical Execution, Data Sciences and Technology to empower client organizations achieve their passion for patient care, science and business success. Through our “Lifecycle Evidence Strategy”, “Clinical Trial Optimization”, “Medical Affairs” and “Real World Evidence” services, we deliver impact where it matters, from early drug development to commercialization. This role will be aligned with ZS R&D Excellence Practice Area supporting our business consulting and analytics services across multiple clients. REAL WORLD EVIDENCE INFORMATICIAN Responsibilities: Provide technical input, options and directions to strategic decisions made by RWE study teams on study design, dataset selection and best practices in Real World Data utilization; Evaluate and assess strengths and weaknesses of external RWE data sources via interrogation, and potential partners for advancing the data strategy for a given therapeutic areas; Assist in building a capability that becomes a source of sustained competitive advantage for ZS in identifying, acquiring, integrating and mining diverse RWE data from multiple geographic and healthcare system sources to support evidence generation and real-world studies for our clients; Assist in the delivery of analytics and the build of analytics pieces as part of an RWE strategy; Build strong technical capabilities with ZS business technology teams to maximize value from RWE data and enable collaborative working and efficiencies; Maintain a strong insight into the capabilities of potential external partners in RWD, especially for US and emerging markets by providing data assessment and informatics expertise; Synthesize and communicate results to clients and ZS teams through oral and written presentations; Provide client and ZS teams project status updates; Create project deliverables and implement solutions; Guide and mentor Associates on teams. Qualifications: PhD or Master’s degree in in health/medical informatics or related discipline, and strong academic performance with analytic and quantitative coursework is required; In lieu of a PhD, 3-5 years of relevant post-collegiate work experience in Medical/Health Informatics field; Expertise in EMR/Health IT, disease registries, and claims databases; Expertise in clinical data standards, medical terminologies and controlled vocabularies (e.g. ICD, NDC, SNOMED, MedDRA, LOINC, CPT) used in healthcare data and ontologies; Expertise in data mining approaches within healthcare settings generating insight from routinely collected healthcare data; Expertise in OMOP CDM and OHDSI methods library, their application in observational research and safety signal evaluation; Experience in advanced visualization and visual analytics of routinely collected healthcare data is a plus; Experience in real-world evidence and familiarity with health economics/epidemiology, and quantitative science such as health outcome modelling is a plus; Understanding of statistical tools needed to analyze observational data; Understanding of coding terminologies from an international setting; High motivation, good work ethic, maturity and personal initiative; Strong oral and written communication skills; Empathy, adaptability and high personal impact; Close attention to detail, with a quality-focused mindset; Self-discipline for planning and organizing tasks; Aptitude for, and enjoyment of, team leadership. ZS is a global consulting firm; fluency in English is required, additional fluency in at least one European or Asian language is desirable. Candidates must possess work authorization for their intended country of employment. An on-line application, including a full set of transcripts (official or unofficial), is required to be considered. ZS Associates offers a competitive compensation package with salary and bonus incentives, complete medical/dental/life insurance programs and retirement benefits. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. NO AGENCY CALLS, PLEASE. Connect with ZS on social media: Like ZS Careers on Facebook Follow ZS Careers on Twitter and Instagram Follow ZS on LinkedIn for more job opportunities Subscribe to the ZS YouTube Channel ZS has been recognized globally for its expertise in consulting and its flexible work environment. View ZS’s accolades . LI-CA1