Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Wells Fargo Enterprise Core Data Services delivers industry-leading horizontal Data as a service solutions across lines of businesses including client due diligence, cross sell/analytics, reference, common tools and services supporting data acquisition and normalization in all lines of business and customers within Wells Fargo. The goal of our platforms is to provide high quality, standardized, innovative solutions to serve our core business needs in a consistent and efficient way. You will work as an Engineer in the Wells Fargo Platform and Application support team partnering with development teams, product owners, scrum masters, and with other technology centers of excellence. As a Platform Support Engineer, you will be responsible for engineering new solutions to improve platform and application stability and reliability with a focus on Big Data initiatives. You will be focused on ensuring all availability, architecture, quality, security, support and risk/compliance standards are met for applications in the Core services portfolio. The Platform team has knowledge of the environments, software, function, performance, availability, capacity and data. We need a diverse group of people with different experience levels to support the transformation, enrichment and timely availability of data assets to business and technical application teams across the enterprise. Responsibilities Include: Assist with coordination, implementation, execution and continuous improvement and maturity of junior engineers Minimize overall production risks while maximizing team’s productivity. Support and maintain processes that aim to improve the availability, scalability, SLA, and efficiency of Core services platform and applications. Solve problems related to the Core services systems and the buildout of automation to prevent problem recurrence; with the goal of automating response to all non-exceptional service conditions. Influence and create new designs, software, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale distributed systems. Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. Troubleshoot and mitigate problems in mission-critical systems. Advise the team during postmortems on effectively avoiding repeated incidents Troubleshoot user reported issues and escalated issues Assist production support team members with user reported issues and escalated issues Partnering with EGS/offshore production support peers Works with development teams to identify improvements in applications Supports application Technology risk execution and compliance initiatives. On call support as part of a 24x7 team for the Enterprise Core data Services systems. Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience Desired Qualifications Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in designing and developing technical solutions with big data solutions 7+ years of application operational support and implementation experience in an ITIL environment 3+ years of Hadoop (preferably MapR) administration, installation, performance tuning or production support experience 3+ years of Java production support experience (Core dump analysis, log analysis, JVM tuning) 7+ years of UNIX experience (Linux administration experience preferred) 5+ years of SQL experience 3+ years of Ab Initio experience including administration and performance tuning Demonstrated proficiency with Autosys and NDM Experience with Hadoop related technologies like Spark and Hive Hands-on experience in monitoring tools such as Splunk, Appdynamics, Netcool, Tivoli, etc Excellent communication and presentation skills with an ability to articulate technical solutions to both technical and business audiences. Excellent planning, project management, leadership and time management skills Strong presentation and reporting skills required to convey current state, challenges, needs and wins to garner support for ongoing adhoc and scheduled initiatives. Job Expectations Flexibility to work in a 24/7 environment Ability to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduled Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.