3M is seeking a Senior Research Engineer for the Corporate Research Systems Laboratory located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The person hired for the position of Senior Research Engineer will join the Corporate Research Systems Lab (CRSL), which collaborates and innovates with all of 3M's businesses and divisions. CRSL is a collaborative environment with cross-functional teams responsible for creating and supporting 3M business opportunities. A successful candidate will work side-by-side with scientists and engineers in broad disciplines including mechanics, electronics, software, artificial intelligence, and advanced analytics. They will brainstorm technology applications, build prototypes, engage internal and external stakeholders, and drive projects to commercialization. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Invent and develop technologies that create new opportunities, in addition to supporting existing 3M products and businesses. Participate and interact with multi-disciplinary teams involved in the forefront of material science, processing technologies, and fundamental science. Use problem solving, scientific, and system engineering skills to perform applied research. Use rapid prototyping resources to quickly develop proof of concept products and systems for commercialization. Publish and present knowledge within 3M and in top-tier journals and conferences. Basic Qualifications: Master’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited institution Academic and/or work experience in one or more of the following areas: system engineering, statics and dynamics, lab measurement methods, mechatronics, additive manufacturing and/or 3D Printing Preferred Qualifications: Possess or in the last year of pursuing a PhD degree or higher in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Material Science or related discipline from an accredited university Product development experience (includes Internship or Co-op) Expertise in mechanical engineering sub-disciplines such as: system engineering, statics and dynamics, lab measurement methods, mechatronics, additive manufacturing / 3D Printing Research experience in soft robotics, thermomechanical shape-memory-polymer (SMP) material systems, electromechanical material systems, electro-adhesion and dry adhesives, micromechanics, and/or compliant mechanism design. Software tools and Programming languages: CAD (SolidWorks, Creo, and/or NX), Python, MATLAB and/or LabVIEW Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early-stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities – flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available. Demonstrated scientific excellence as evidenced by publications and presentations Leadership and networking skills Self-motivated and self-directed Strong mechanical aptitude and problem solving skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Location : Maplewood, MN Travel : May include up to 10% domestic Relocation Benefits : Are authorized for this position Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws. U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens. To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s). The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.