As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. If you would like to find out more about what it is like to work for UW-IT, as well as to get a feel for our culture and our people, visit us at our employment website. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. UW Information Technology (UW-IT) is the central IT organization for the University of Washington, responsible for strategic planning, oversight, and direction of the UW’s IT infrastructure, resources, and services. UW-IT provides critical technology support to all three campuses, UW medical centers, and research operations around the world. Computing Infrastructure, a division within UW-IT, provides knowledgeable system design, integration, and administration; software design and engineering; operations; and support of underlying critical academic systems, administrative systems, and research computing. Computing Infrastructure staff architect, develop, implement and support vendor packages and consult on, integrate and manage high quality and reliable campus-wide services, infrastructure, developer tools, and UW-IT internal tools. Computing Infrastruture services staff use, promote and shares common tools, standard user interfaces, and common architectures and practices in our development. UW-IT has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Center Facilities Engineer. The Data Center Facilities Engineer (DCFE) position ensures the continuous operations and availability of Critical Environmental Systems (CES) supporting the computing, storage and network platforms. Manages the Data Centers and router rooms space, power and cooling capabilities to provide the most efficient and effective use of resources. Reviews resource requests and makes recommendations and coordinates deployments using industry accepted "Best Practices". Develops allocation models, identifies trends, makes recommendations, and develops plans for future growth. Ensures sustainable operations with no unscheduled customer impacting outages. Identifies and develops new methods and leads innovation to maximize use of resources. The Critical Environmental Systems (CES) and their support systems include: mechanical heating, ventilation & air conditioning (HVAC), multiple chillers, cooling towers, computer room air conditioners (CRAC) and computer room air handlers (CRAH), piping, pumps and valves; electrical system, emergency generators supplying alternating current (AC), multiple AC main switchgear panels, distribution switchgear sets, uninterruptible power supplies (UPS), direct current (DC) power plants, rectifiers, inverters, electrical distribution systems; clean agent fire detection/suppression systems; automatic environmental monitoring and computer control systems; infrastructure management system and all other physical plant support systems within a data center. REQUIREMENTS Bachelors degree in Engineering, Technical degree or related field or equivalent experience Minimum of 4 years experience in Critical Environmental Systems support and management to include deployment of direct current (DC) and alternating current (AC) Power Plant systems. Experience includes performing progressively more complex and responsible task crossing all phases of data center and network/ telecommunication center design, implementation and operation. Demonstrates proficient knowledge of and working experience supporting large scale computing environments. Excellent written/oral communication skills, user liaison skills and personal interaction abilities. Demonstrates ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Demonstrates ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies. Demonstrates ability to develop creative solutions for planning in constrained space, power and cooling environments. Demonstrates ability to work in a professional manner in a fast-paced, highly collaborative team environment, across different customer populations with different client and technical teams. Proficient with Windows Office tools; industry standard data center metrics and reporting tools; understanding of computing/networking technologies as it relates to data center environmental delivery efficiencies. DESIRED Experience with multiple building management software systems (BMS) for controlling environmental air, alarm point and general building systems. Designing and implementing electrical direct current (DC) systems including troubleshooting, distribution and circuit overload protection devices. Strong skills in database management regarding metrics for data center management, capacity planning, infrastructure monitoring, and strategic direction. Familiarity with the ITIL framework and implementation. CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT The person in this position will be required to work in a data center type environment which is a noisy, cool and clean room type of environment. This person will, on occasion, need to work with hand tools and in crouched positions in and around computer room raised floors. This person will be required to operate a motor vehicle safely and in accordance with UW Transportation Services Motor Pool policies and procedures. This person will be required to move some computing equipment and other such equipment using various types of lifting devices. Required to be in an on-call rotation and to respond in a timely and appropriate fashion while on call. Travel to and from UW-IT various data centers and communications facilities will be required. Other travel may be required for training and professional enrichment as required by the position. This is an essential position and is required to report to work when UW suspends operations. This position is required to be available to respond in a professional capacity to the University for unforeseen emergencies.