Under the direction of the Director of System Services, administers and directs information resource activities related to automated business solutions and standards implementation to internal customers, including prescribing enterprise and cloud architectural design for HHS. Responsible for oversight of development and implementation of Systems Engineering goals and objectives. Responsible for compliance with applicable policies, standards, guidelines and procedures of Health and Human Services (HHS), and Department of Information Resources (DIR). Works under limited supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. (20%) Provides vision, leadership, and strategic direction essential to ensuring efficient and effective IT services to HHS customers. Directs the overall planning, implementation, coordination, and evaluation of Systems Engineering. Responsibilities include establishing goals, ensuring plans are in place and properly executed, organizing the work based upon best practices, and overseeing day-to-day operations. (20%) Advises, consults and negotiates with HHS customers in providing services and evaluating performance in meeting customer needs for Systems Engineering functions, consistent with HHS and DIR plans, standards and guidelines. Provides leadership to internal and external teams / committees across the agency and HHS enterprise for the HHS System consolidation/transformation. Leads and oversees the consolidation of services to achieve cost reductions, transparency, and / or improved services. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of other HHS agencies systems plans and negotiates sharing of resources to achieve service levels across agencies. (20%) Provides direction and coordination essential to ensuring agency-wide information resources strategic, tactical and agency-wide systems plans. Includes ensuring HHSC, LBB and DIR rules and guidelines are followed and meet specifications; establishing the organizational components to facilitate planning in a decentralized environment and are properly coordinated across the agency; and ensures plans are provided to oversight agencies according to published schedules and protocol. Provides leadership to internal and external teams / committees across the agency and HHS enterprise to ensure that IS plans align with agency and enterprise goals and objectives. (15%) Oversees budget and human resources for Systems Engineering. Budget includes participation in the legislative appropriations process and managing various issues related to planning of and limitations to the operating budget for Systems Engineering. Human resource elements include staffing, job classification, interview and selection, supervision, coaching, counseling, developing staff, and handling adverse personnel actions, problem solving and conflict resolution. Also, includes participation in the performance evaluation process, review of performance data, encouraging and recommending appropriate training/development opportunities, and providing accurate and timely feedback to managers and employees. (10%) Facilitates and develops the formulation, review and implementation of agency policies, standards, and procedures essential to the efficient and effective administration of IT, taking into account applicable legislative mandates, HHSC and DIR policies, standards and procedures. (10%) Represents Systems Engineering to HHS, DIR, and other state agencies in matters related to IT. Provides proactive representation to internal and external work groups as needed. (5%) Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location Knowledge Skills Abilities: In-depth knowledge of network security, command and control architecture and enterprise monitoring methodologies. Extensive experience directing IaaS cloud environments in support of DevOps environments. •Extensive experience in oversight and management of IT contracts, budgets and ensuring vendor contract compliance and service delivery. •Experience with managing network security related audit requests. •Ability to manage assigned department activities; to establish goals and objectives; to devise solutions to complex technology problems; to develop and evaluate infrastructure architecture policies and procedures; to prepare reports; to communicate effectively; and to plan, assign, and supervise the work of others. •Ability to effectively develop, support, and manage an Enterprise Services Model to deliver reliable and infrastructure solutions •Knowledge of State of Texas procurement practices and DIR contracts. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Certification as a Certified Texas Contract Manager is required within the first year of service Initial Selection Criteria: Ten(10) years of progressively responsible full time professional experience in technology infrastructure and operations, including at least three (3) years in a cloud architect lead capacity. Five (5) years’ experience architecting and managing directory services, cloud IaaS and Security platforms, messaging and collaboration and Operations security in an enterprise environment 3+ years' experience in ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) Service Management Processes. 5+ years' managing Cloud Services, SharePoint, Unified Communications and Windows Server Infrastructure in an enterprise environment Additional Information: Requisition 380911 MOS Code: Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.