Front End Developers -Cloud Remote possible Who is Affinity? Affinity is a privately held national Solutions Consulting firm based out of Milwaukee. We serve as strategic advisors and thought leaders to our high- caliber clients. Our clients and employees value our approach as a company “big enough to do complex, high impact work, but small enough to truly care”. We focus on hiring motivated, intelligent professionals who have a passion for their work and a desire to grow along with us. Visit our website to learn more about us and all the exciting things we are doing here at Affinity: www.affinityit.com. What will you do in this role? Affinity is seeking a UX developer who are eager to join a highly collaborative team and advance their career in cloud web development. This team is responsible for the design and development of innovative cloud-based applications supporting an enterprise Identity Management system. The Cloud Services and developers will be expected to develop features for a cloud based Software As A Service (SaaS) and Platform As A Service (PaaS), applications. We are creating a team of bright, energetic, talented people who share a passion for excellence in building the next generation of networking technologies and having fun along the way. Requirements: 5+ years as a UI/UX Designer with experience operating within a CI/CD development environment Experience using CI/CD tools such as Chef, Git and, Jenkins Experience building applications within ANY cloud platform (AWS, Azure, Google, Private cloud, etc). Significant development experience with UX and front-end related technologies for both web and desktop applications including JavaScript, CSS, node.js, etc. Strong preference for prior development experience with Angular and Electron frameworks What we offer: Competitive base salary Full benefits including full medical, dental, 401K, PTO and holiday, disability, life, etc A culture of collaboration Challenging work Contemporary and emerging technologies The opportunity for high-impact work Respected partners Entrepreneurial spirit Collaborative performance reviews and career planning Personalized training and career development Opportunities for advancement Apply here or contact our fulfillment team directly! JANE KNAUS Fulfillment Leader Direct: 310.316.3737 jknaus@affinityit.com www.affinityit.com Make sure to follow us on our LinkedIn company page for new job postings. https://www.linkedin.com/company/265359/