Description The Department of Children, Youth, and Families is a new cabinet agency in Washington State that has been established for the purpose of delivering existing services in a way that produces better outcomes for children, youth, and families served by the State of Washington. We're looking for professionals to join our team to help build DCYF, working toward the common goal of eliminating child and youth outcome disparities based on race and ethnicity. Our vision is that "All Washington's children and youth grow up safe and healthy-thriving physically, emotionally, and educationally, nurtured by family and community." The Opportunity: As the Program Operations Support Specialist within the Eligibility and Provider Supports Division, you will support the Department's efforts to develop and implement an enduring, comprehensive and interconnected early learning system for children and families. This position provides support to those who coordinate quality improvement incentives and activities for early learning professionals. This position gets to touch a bit of everything from providing operational and business support for internal work groups to communicating with early earning providers to event coordination and fiscal monitoring, this position gets to be the individual that ties the unit together. Some of the tasks this position will be responsible for: Coordinates a receipt collection and quality review process for provider incentives, responsibilities may include the following: Drafts notifications and responses to early learning professionals. Provides information and technical assistance to early learning professionals and agency partners regarding quality assurance processes. Reviews all documentation for compliance with application process and other guidelines established by management, makes recommendations on approval/denial to management. Creates and maintain a system of files documenting open review and closed cases. Maintains an understanding of the program grant and incentive guidelines, including application process and allowable expenditures. Communicates with agency financial services to ensure process is in compliance with state guidelines. Provides operational and business supports to work units within the Eligibility and Provider Supports Division of DCYF. Attends regularly scheduled meetings for the purpose of sharing information with agency financial services staff. Receives and opens incoming mail, creates internal updates and reports when necessary, and facilitates communication with multifaceted groups. Supports Needs-Based Grant application process by serving as the Needs-Based Grant inbox backup, receiving, printing and reviewing applications. Maintains an established filing system(s) for paper forms and records to include, but may not be limited to, grant application forms, provider education transcripts, and other supporting documentation as required under program guidelines. Manages a records retention schedule for a variety of programs and other records kept within the work unit. Collects, organizes and prepares files and records for submission to records center and/or State Archive. Provides logistical support to division specialists and managers, including partner gatherings and division meetings, this includes but may not be limited to: Researches venues. Prepares authorization(s) for travel and purchasing. Arranges for technology and communications support when needed. What we are looking for: Two (2) years of professional work experience in a state government agency with a demonstrated ability to organize, prioritize and complete multiple projects with accuracy. Knowledge of government administrative procedures. Ability to work collaboratively as part of a results-oriented team. Ability to communicate clearly and effectively. History of good attendance in previous roles. In addition to those required qualifications, our ideal applicant will also have some or all of the following: Associate of Arts or Associate of Technical Arts degree in business, accounting or project management. Demonstrated ability to analyze and synthesize data to inform and support policy decisions. Demonstrated accountability, responsiveness and willingness to learn. How do I apply? In addition to completing the online application, applicants must attach the following documents to their profile in order to be considered for this position: Letter of interest describing how you meet the specific qualifications for this position Current resume detailing experience and education Supplemental Information: This position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. The initial screening will be based on the content and completeness of your application and the materials submitted. All information may be verified and documentation may be required. Applications with comments such as "see attachments" or "N/A" in the supplemental question responses will be considered incomplete. DCYF is an equal opportunity employer and supports equity, diversity, inclusion and respect. Need accommodation throughout the application/interview process? Unable to apply on-line? Contact the Recruitment team at dcyf.jobs@dcyf.wa.gov or (360) 628-0114 or the Telecommunications Device for the Deaf at 800-833-6388 Experiencing technical difficulties creating, accessing or completing your application? Call NEOGOV toll-free at (855)524-5627 or email support@neogov.com. To take advantage of Veteran's preference please attach your DD-214, member 4 long form, or your NGB-22.Please black out your social security number prior to attaching. General suggestions for creating a good application packet: Read the job posting very carefully. Find out as much as you can about the position. Make sure you are very diligent in following all the application instructions. Include all requested documentation. Make sure your application and supplemental question responses address how you meet each of the required and desired qualifications. Carefully read each of the supplemental questions and respond completely to each one. Pay careful attention to each component of the question, providing examples, and thoroughly describing when and where you achieved the proficiency level, and detail the types of work you performed, the work products, etc., to demonstrate 'how'. Specifically include all of your work experiences doing the same or similar work, especially if you reference work in these jobs in describing when/where you gained proficiency level skills. Make sure your application reflects your best writing.