An awesome enterprise retail company in Philadelphia is looking to add an Information Security Audit & Compliance Analyst to their team. The ideal candidate will be confident with risk management and technology based audits. My client’s IT Security Department is growing and they will pay $80,000 - $100,000 for the right candidate. My client is looking for someone with a hybrid background – a balance between hands-on IT security risk management and IT audits, specifically for PCI and SOX. The ideal candidate will be a natural when it comes to risk management as you will be reading and analyzing results from vulnerability scans. Experience with log parsing, change management, vendor management, and standard incident management is going to be very helpful in this position. This is a great opportunity to join a very functional team at a company in Philadelphia with fantastic reputation and great employee perks! Required Skills & Experience 3 years’ experience in Information Security 1 years’ experience in Auditing Compliance (SOX, PCI-DSS) Incident Management Vendor Management Change Management Risk Management Log Parsing Monitoring Desired Skills & Experience AWS LogRhythm SIEM Tools ServiceNow Bachelor’s Degree Certifications (Security+, CISSP) What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 30% Metrics and Auditing 70% Risk and Vendor Management The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $100K/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Full H / D / V Paid Time Off Stock Options Monthly Bonus 401(k) with Match Paid Sick Time Leave Company Happy Hour Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.