Join our Helen of Troy Family! We are looking for a dynamic Systems Administrator - Office 365 with experience implementing and managing new services within a global Office 365 environment for our Marlborough, MA location. The Systems Administrator - Office 365's role is to provide support in the following areas: O365 exchange online, Exchange 2010 -2013 in a hybrid environment. Azure AD, Skype for Business, Teams. Security, governance, compliance, and data loss prevention. Microsoft Active Directory. Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS). PowerShell scripting. Barracuda Spam System. Windows Server 2008, 2012 or 2016. Responsibilities: Daily administration of O365 exchange online, Skype for Business, Azure, Teams, security, governance/license management, compliance, and data loss prevention. Data Migration from Exchange on premises to O365 and Import of PST into mailboxes. Maintain and support the on-premise Microsoft Exchange 2010 - 2013 environment and all messaging components. Support eDiscovery projects. Manage and Support Active Directory, Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), Barracuda V400 and Azure AD Connect and Single sign-on (SSO). Create, Update needed PowerShell scripts. Manage implementation and training around O365 tools and enhancements. Engage with business partners and come up with e-mail and IM solutions based on their requirements. Work with the appropriate Operations teams with developing process for day to day tasks and be available to assist when issues are escalated. Identify security risks to our O365 environment and services and suggest mitigations Create accurate documentation of systems and processes. Provide performance metrics and perform root cause analysis. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or 8+ years’ experience. 4 years or greater of hands-on management experience with Microsoft Exchange 2010 -2013 on premises including DNS, SMTP, IMAP and the backup and restore of mailboxes. 3 years or greater of hands-on on management experience with O365 Administration including Exchange 365, Azure AD, ADFS, Skype for Business, One Drive, BI, Teams. 4 years of experience in Microsoft Windows Server 2008, 2012 or 2016 including Active Directory, ADFS, SSO, GPO’s and LDAP. Proficiency and experience in combinations of Exchange Messaging upgrades, Business Continuity & High Availability, Messaging Consolidation, Secure Messaging, Messaging Archiving, Unified Messaging, Mobile Messaging, Office Communications Server and Exchange scripting Knowledge of LAN/WAN and the interaction with I&O; system Ability to work within a team environment and independently Strong work ethic and flexibility to work in fast-paced environment. Applicants must be eligible to work full-time in the United States. Helen of Troy is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer _Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. If you, as one of our employees or as an applicant for employment, have any questions about our Affirmative Action Plan, please contact Human Resources during regular business hours. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Human Resources at_ _(915) 225-8000._ LI-KH1 _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required of personnel so classified. Management retains the right to add or to change duties of the position at any time._