Summary : The Data Analyst, under the direction of the Manager, Supply Chain Analytics, will mine purchase order data, invoice data and distributor data to provide analysis, and develop reports, monitor and track results and identify cost/practice variation among Yankee Alliance members. These reports focus on medical/surgical products, cost, purchasing and product utilization. Reports and ad-hoc projects lead toward increasing contract utilization, conversion opportunities, identifying non-contract opportunities, as well as opportunities for improving product utilization and standardization. Essential Job Functions : Audit prices to ensure membership is receiving correct contract price Analyze new medical and surgical products and new vendors for potential contracts where cost savings is optimum Perform detailed spreadsheet analysis of supply data Work with the tools developed at Yankee Alliance to maximize savings opportunities and contract uptake Provide cost analysis for members to identify contract uptake and savings opportunities Prepare and present analysis clearly to team members, internal and external customers Help develop new reports and refresh existing report templates to adapt to internal and external customer needs as they change Take the lead within department in at least 2 analytical processes and projects. Track results and mile stones, communicate with other analysts and internal departments to ensure department is hitting goals Use analytical background, experience with contracting and knowledge of our tools and reports to drive direction and strategy with the Contracting department Supply Chain Analyst is an integral part of the analytics team and interfaces with staff from various departments Skills Requirements : Ability to manipulate and analyze large amounts of data, summarizing findings and data issues when necessary. Good analytical reasoning skills. Ability to monitor own work; prioritize tasks according to timelines with ability to switch between multiple reports and projects when necessary. Must possess high attention to detail and the ability to ensure accuracy of report findings and data. Ability to use analytical thinking and information in data to help guide the course and strategy of contracting and utilization projects. Knowledge of medical/surgical purchasing and products used in clinical areas a plus. Candidate must be a team player and be able to interface with various staff and departments at Yankee Alliance in addition to outside members. Attention to detail is a must. Knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint, Access, and Word a must. Working knowledge of CRM a plus. Education/Experience Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in supply chain management, healthcare management, economics, business or a related field required; or a Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of two year’s related experience. Healthcare experience a plus. Knowledge of business operations a plus.