Roles and Responsibilities. They will be involved in developing the new strategic applications and rewrites. Interact with business users and Business Analysts to understand the requirements and create design documents. 8+ years of experience in development, enhancements and operation of web-based software as a talented full-stack web developer within a dedicated, product-based team. 5+ years’ of experience – Java, Spring, Angular2 JS, JMS Should have experience in Web-expert skills in HTML/CSS/Javascript. Experience with test-driven development (TDD), a solid understanding of test practices and experiences with the implementation of automated tests. Experience in a continuous-delivery tool chain, prepare automated tests and develop them further continuously. Should coach new team members and transfer existing knowledge to other teams Must be experienced with performance aspects of application development. Development methodology, standards, design tools and specification representation. Hands on experience in J2SE, J2EE, Spring Core, Spring MVC, Web Services. Extensive knowledge (Hands on as well) on Angular2 JS, JMS Key Skills: Java, Spring, Angular2 JS, JMS Desired Skills: Hibernate, Oracle, XML, Cloud computing, Spring Boot Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Rest API PL1 Required 2 ANSI SQL PL3 Desired 3 Angular.JS PL3 Required 4 Core Java PL3 Required 5 iBATIS PL3 Desired 6 Hibernate PL3 Desired 7 Spring Framework PL1 Required 8 Maven PL1 Desired 9 Oracle PL3 Desired 10 Struts PL3 Desired 11 Java Server Pages PL3 Desired 12 EJB PL3 Desired Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Networks NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 10 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.