Job Description: Are you ready to join the un-carrier movement? Do you enjoy working on products with direct customer impact? Are you looking for a team of high performers to help expand your skills and experience? Can you bring Un-carrier to everything you do?—you think outside of the box and aren’t afraid to break the rules. Join Network Technology today! T-Mobile’s software developers develop a wide variety of technologies that change how millions of users connect and interact with one another. As a software developer, you work in small teams to tackle problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, architecture, and implementation of a cutting edge mobile product used every day, by people you know. We are looking for passionate, hardworking software engineers who have experience building innovative, mobile applications that customers love. We operate in a fast- paced environment using agile methodology. We encourage innovation and expect developers to take a high level of ownership throughout the software life cycle. Responsibilities: Design and Developing in React Native or React JS, iOS Swift, Android Designing and developing Spring Model View Controller (MVC). Build innovative, scalable application systems. Scalable is the keyword in that sentence. Write maintainable mobile application code, working in a professional software engineering environment (source control, shortened release cycles, continuous integration and deployment, etc.). Cowboy coders need not apply. Facilitate good technical designs and solutions based on modern software development patterns and practices. Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Utilize code versioning tools, such as Git or SVN Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or the foreign equivalent and 2 years of on-the-job experience progressively responsible post-baccalaureate relevant work experience. In the alternative, we will accept a master’s degree in Computer Science or related field. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or the foreign equivalent and 2 years of on-the-job experience progressively responsible post-baccalaureate relevant work experience. In the alternative, we will accept a master’s degree in Computer Science or related field. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.