We are hiring a junior-level process safety engineer to join our Process Risk Management group. This engineer will support our process safety services in the Gulf region, including facility siting, Process Hazard Analysis (PHA) study preparation, on-site scribing of studies and safety workshops (PHA, HAZOP, What-If Analysis, HAZID, JSA, QRA, and FMEA) and client reporting. Qualifications / Experience: A Bachelor's Degree in Chemical, Electrical, or Mechanical Engineering or equivalent experience Experience in process safety, specifically relating to one or more core Process Risk Management deliverables, such as PHA, LOPA Risk Assessment, HAZOP, or HAZID Effective written/verbal communication and organization/analytical skills; experience recording/writing detailed technical data and reports a plus. The willingness and ability to travel approximately 25% of the time. Valid driver's license required. Ability to multi-task, maintain flexibility, and work independently with minimal supervision. In addition, we expect the following in all our employees: A passion for making our clients, our worksites, and our world a safer place The ability to work well in both team-based and independent situations Outstanding problem-solving skills with a knack for thinking creatively aeSolutions offers a wide variety of benefits, including: Medical, Dental, & Vision insurance FSA or HSA options Life, Disability, Accident & Illness insurance 401(k) retirement plan with Roth or Traditional option Holidays and accrued time off with pay Flex time schedules Employee service center with 24/7 online access to personal information/changes About aeSolutions: In business since 1998, aeSolutions is a complete supplier of performance- based process safety engineering and automation solutions. We utilize proven processes to help ensure consistent project execution and help customers optimize production, quality and safety. aeSolutions is committed to employing high-integrity professionals who will work closely with teammates and clients to deliver engineering solutions that meet or exceed process safety goals. If you are looking for a company that offers challenging and rewarding work, values your contributions, provides excellent pay and benefits, and is dedicated to safety, you may be a good fit. To learn more about the company and apply, visit www.aesolns.com . Equal Opportunity Employer / Drug Free Work Zone _Note: aeSolutions does not accept unsolicited resumes from third party agencies or recruiters, and no fees will be paid should the company hire an applicant submitted by a third party absent a written contract and a specific request for assistance with that role. Please email resumes@aesolns.com for more information._