Raytheon BBN Technologies (BBN) is looking for creative, talented individuals to join our world-class Analytics & Machine Intelligence group and to help us advance the state-of-the-art in our areas of operation. Our work ranges from seminal research and development to advanced fielded solutions. BBN's research team collaborates with universities on a range of cutting edge projects. Our research activities drive the development of industry-leading 24x7 solutions and their deployment into demanding user environments. At BBN, Scientists I work with a team of experienced staff to design and implement new techniques in a variety of technologies, including speech recognition, speaker ID, language ID, machine translation, information extraction, question-answering, machine learning, NLP, document image processing, and video analysis. Responsibilities include algorithm implementation, testing, analyzing, and documenting the performance of the new algorithms, and integrating the resulting advances into existing systems and components. Required Qualifications: BS (in CS or related field) with 6+ years, or MS (in CS) with 4+ years, or PhD (in CS) with 0-3 years Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills. Fluent in Java and well versed in object oriented programming. Familiar with distributed systems Can drive the software lifecycle from initial design to working prototype to deploying at production scale collaborative environment Strong communicator with demonstrated ability to address customer needs in a dynamic environment Comfortable supporting research codebases written in Python or Perl Desired Qualifications: Background in probability, statistics, or machine learning Experience in multimedia processing technologies, streaming audio/video and supporting standards Has managed large-scale data sets using Hadoop, Accumulo, Elastic, or other NoSQL systems Has containerized software for continuing integration, delivery, and deployment via Docker, Mesos This position requires a U.S. person or the ability to obtain an Export Authorization from the appropriate government agency for non-U.S. persons. 117387BR 117387 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.