POSITION SUMMARY _Aetna Consumer Health & Products_ (CHP) mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and a best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for _Aetna's digital strategy and all digital products;_ as well as the development roadmap and execution of the roadmap. A key part of this team is to build an integrated platform and underlying products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. Aetna is taking on a major initiative to redesign and rebuild many of its customer facing digital assets. This effort will include a completely new approach to developing software within Aetna, using the latest design approaches, technologies, and processes. _Aetna Digital is a newly formed startup like business unit within Aetna, which will design, build and deliver a completely new and integrated digital experience for our users._ Come Join Aetna Digital! _This role is NOT eligible for sponsorship (Now or in the future)_ Fundamental Components: The _Software Data Engineer_ will be responsible for developing systems that process, store and serve data for use by others. Maximizes the utilizations of data to generate insights and address business needs. Participates in the _design, built and management of large scale data structures and pipelines and efficient Extract/Load/Transform (ETL) workflows._ This person will be responsible for : Developing large scale data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs. Writing ETL (Extract / Transform / Load) processes, designs database systems and develops tools for real-time and offline analytic processing. Collaborating with data science team to transform data and integrate algorithms and models into automated processes. Use knowledge in Hadoop architecture, HDFS commands and experience designing & optimizing queries to build data pipelines. Use programming skills in Python, Java or any of the major languages to build robust data pipelines and dynamic systems. Build data marts and data models to support Data Science and other internal customers. Integrates data from a variety of sources, assuring that they adhere to data quality and accessibility standards. Analyze current information technology environments to identify and assess critical capabilities and recommend solutions. Experimenting with available tools and advises on new tools in order to determine optimal solution given the requirements dictated by the model/use case. BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired : 2 years experience developing apps on the specific platforms. Has _knowledge of large scale search applications and building high volume data pipelines._ Experience building data transformation and processing solutions. Experience with _Elasticsearch._ Knowledge in _Hadoop architecture, HDFS commands and experience designing & optimizing queries against data in the HDFS environment. Knowledge in Java, Python, Hive, Cassandra, Pig, MySQL or NoSQL or similar_. Experience with _bash shell scripts, UNIX utilities & UNIX Commands._ Ability to understand complex systems and solve challenging analytical problems. Ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate data sets from disparate data sources. Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams. Strong problem solving skills and critical thinking ability. EDUCATION Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 6% of your 401(k) contributions! Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO Gym / Showers A top of the line MacBook Pro Sit/stand desk Free Parking (Burlington, MA office) Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc. $200/yr towards wellness - gym membership, fitbit, treadmill Up-to 5K a year toward tuition reimbursement Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.