The Research Technician will perform research in DNA replication and repair, and drug development at Fels Institute within the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University. The Research Technician will be responsible for performing sequencing gel electrophoresis and labeling nucleic acid substrates with radio-isotopes; making buffers; and performing denaturing, non-denaturing gel electrophoresis, and DNA polymerase enzymology using radio-labeled substrates. The Research Technician will also be assisting with molecular and cellular studies such as cell culture; preparing and analyzing data; preparing solutions and reagents; performing routine staining and fixing of specimens, and placing media in test tubes, Petri dishes or other containers and preparing culture media. The Research Technician will also be organizing laboratory inventory and supplies, cleaning and drying laboratory glassware and plastic ware as needed, and assisting in the recording, compiling, organizing of laboratory data, and with maintaining lab equipment. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education and Experience: At least three years of related research experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Required Skills and Abilities: Ability to keep accurate records of research performed to NIH standards. Two co-authored papers published in peer-reviewed journals on DNA replication and repair. Demonstrated ability performing DNA polymerase enzymology using radio-labeled substrates. Demonstrated organizational skills, along with the ability to meet deadlines and be detail-oriented. Ability to adjust to changing priorities and schedules. Must be able to operate all standard office and laboratory equipment. Willingness to learn new methodologies. Demonstrated ability in basic molecular and cellular biology techniques Demonstrated computer skills, and proficiency with MS Office Suite. This position requires a background check Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.