JOB DESCRIPTION _Only Those with a Passion_ _to Revolutionize Education May_ _Qualify._ At Woz U, the core of what we do is passion. We’re passionate about inspiring the next generation of innovators and developing the workforce of the future. It’s this passion that drives everything we do, and if you feel you have it burning in your belly, we want to talk. Data Science Mentor We call it being a life changer, but you’ll call it a job you love while helping others find the same. You’ll have a hand in improving the lives of countless Woz U students by working with impassioned educators and campus faculty in a collaborative, interactive environment to create optimized environment for our students. Under the direction of the Director of Education, the Data Science Mentor will be responsible for academic support, curriculum review, and grading for their program area with a student count of approximately 50 - 55. You are knowledgeable of and adhere to all institutional educational policies and procedures. What you can expect when joining Woz U: Training & Development Fun & Energetic, Family-Based Environment Continuous Growth Opportunities Medical, Dental, & Vision Options Health Savings & Flexible Spending Options (HSA & FSA) Basic Life & Accident Insurance Short & Long-term Disability 401K Retirement Plan Woz U is an Equal Opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Responsibilities include: Work in a cooperative setting with instructors, students, and support personnel to accomplish the mutual goal of training and placing our students; Provide academic support, assisting students with instructional review, technical questions, debugging, code review and reinforcing conceptual knowledge; Counsel students on the importance of class attendance, contact students who have missed a class, and document all attendance related matters; Field and respond to student inquiries over chat, email and phone; Monitor and report on student academic progress; Contribute to the Institution and the community by attending, and participating in, scheduled events, meetups and workshops; Work collaboratively with the Admissions Department to ensure an exceptional student experience from enrollment to graduation; Participate in retention activities such as but not limited to calling, emailing and special events for students; Other duties as assigned. JOB REQUIREMENTS Position Requirements Successful candidates will have: Demonstrable competency in teaching data science concepts; Academic or vocational training and credentials, related work experience, licensure, or certification; Prior training, tutoring or teaching experience preferred; Statistics; Programming with Python, R; Data Visualization; Metrics; Big Data; Machine Learning