The Custodian performs cleaning duties in an academic or administrative building. Technical knowledge of the operation and minor maintenance of cleaning equipment is necessary. The Custodian oftentimes works independently and sometimes is responsible for more than one building or shares responsibility for a single building. Principal Accountabilities: 1\. Properly uses power equipment and hand tools such as broom, mop, squeegee, buffer, polisher, and vacuum to clean and maintain floors, walls, carpets and furniture in an academic or administrative building. 2\. Routinely cleans and sanitizes rest rooms, replacing tissue and other rest room supplies when needed. 3\. Empties wastebaskets, ash trays, recycle containers and trash containers and places refuse in proper pick-up locations. 4\. Cleans chalk board, dusts furniture, sweeps, mops and polishes floors according to a regular schedule. 5\. Washes windows of building according to a regular schedule. 6\. Maintains building security when facilities are not in use by checking for unlocked doors and unauthorized occupants. 7\. Replaces light bulbs when necessary. 8\. Reports damages and need for repairs. 9\. Observes safety precautions and procedures at all times, being alert for unsafe conditions and reports them to supervisor. Minimum Qualifications: Must be able to move equipment and supplies weighing up to 50 pounds. Must be able to work between 4:00 am and 12:00 Preferred Qualifications: Individuals must be able to explain and/or demonstrate that they possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities to safely perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation. 1\. Ability to work closely and congenially with faculty, students, and staff. 2\. Ability to orally communicate effectively with others and ability to comprehend written and verbal work orders. 3\. Ability to operate all custodial equipment, including, vacuums, buffers, waxers, shampooers etc. 4\. Ability to move supplies and equipment. Supplies may weigh up to 50 pounds. 5\. Ability to climb up and down stairs and meet normal physical requirements for performing custodial duties. 6\. Requires coordination, knowledge of safety procedures and ability to perform physical activity. 7\. Must be reliable and capable of working independently Physical Demands: Work Hours Special Instructions to Applicants: Whitman College is building a diverse academic community and welcomes nominations of and applications from women, members of historically underrepresented minority groups, persons with disabilities, and others who would bring additional dimensions to the College’s learning environment. Whitman is responsive to the needs of dual career couples. Whitman College is an EEO Employer.