L3 ComCept is located in Rockwall, Texas, just 30 minutes from the heart of downtown Dallas. We are a results driven organization focused on innovation and delivery of quality products and services to our customers who are experiencing rapid growth and increasing market share. Are you a Full Stack Web Developer seeking an opportunity to work on a small cross-functional team that provides career advancement potential in a challenging and rewarding agile development environment with direct business and revenue impact? If so, read on! Your Day to Day Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To: You will be designing, developing, documenting, testing, and debugging software and systems for a multi-tier solution including web front-end and services/database back-end. This position will provide challenging opportunities to develop a contemporary web UI providing situational awareness in a GIS context for a variety of consumers. The team you will work on will be fast moving, always interested in the best technical solution, and always open to new ideas that make the product better for our customer. Qualifications Required Skills and Qualifications: U.S. Citizenship The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics. A related degree may be considered Must have 7 or more years of related software development experience Solid knowledge of applying Object Oriented Design and Analysis concepts Solid knowledge of one of the following languages: C, JAVA, JavaScript, React JS, or Angular JS Working knowledge interacting with and building REST and/or SOAP APIs Familiarity/practical experience with version control concepts Exposure to or interest in distributed version control systems such as Mecurial or Git Exposure to SQL DBMS management and implementation or want to learn more about them Exposure to Agile software development methodologies (such as Scrum) or want to learn more about them Excellent verbal, written, and active listening communication skills The ability to solve problems collaboratively Desired Skills and Qualifications: A Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics Only candidates that have the needed qualifications will be contacted for further information. Candidates must be able to obtain/maintain a DoD clearance which requires U.S. Citizenship and must be able to pass additional security background checks as required. About Us: L3 Technologies ComCept specializes in ISR sensor networking, data processing, visualization, advanced analytics, and antenna systems. We are currently experiencing rapid growth and increasing market share which gives us the ability to provide excellent career advancement potential. We offer candidates a highly competitive base salary and benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, tuition reimbursement, eligibility to work a 9/80 schedule which means you could have every other Friday off, and a generous vacation policy. L3 Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities / Females/ Veterans/ Individuals with Disabilities/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. US Security Clearance Required : None Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Organization : Division - Comcept-20000033 Job Level : Individual Contributor Job Posting : Aug 9, 2018, 11:00:42 PM Job : Engineering-Hardware/Software