A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position assists Security Architecture review, prioritize, analyze, and validate security controls to ensure the applications developed and systems implemented are in compliance with security best practices and Early Warning Services policies and standards. Essential Functions Assists in the identification, measurement, of controls and documents security risks to information systems across a broad range of application security disciplines and topics. Assists with the evaluation of the current methods in use by Early Warning to access and process data via Early Warning customer facing applications. Assist software development teams to ensure that all newly developed and legacy applications and infrastructure implementations are in line with security policy and are compliance to the required frameworks (ISO, PCI, OWASP, NIST 800-53, etc.). Reviews changes to applications and application security controls for assigned areas. Assists in the security incident response process as assigned. Maintain documentation related to present risks and security issues that could impact the confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of the business (both internally and externally) by assisting in documentation, tracking and creating solutions for mitigation. Works with Software Development to perform static code analysis on all custom developed code. Works with Software Development and Project teams to prioritize all documented security issues in the backlog. Support the company's commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data. Minimum Qualifications Education and experience typically obtained through completion of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math or Physical Science Minimum of 3 months of application security experience. Intermediate knowledge of relational databases, Windows, and Linux operating systems. Effective interpersonal skills, with ability to present to peers. Intermediate knowledge of operating system, application, network, and database security architectures. Experience in analyzing technical issues and making recommendations for corrective action. Demonstrate intermediate understanding in the field of Information Security in terms of both concepts and technology. Demonstrated understanding of the OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities. Background and drug screen Preferred Qualifications CISSP, MCSE, SCSA, CCNA or CISA certification Unix administration or hobbyist Application development background Additional related education and/or experience Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Candidates responding to this posting must independently possess the eligibility to work in the United States at the date of hire. The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. _Early Warning Services is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer._ _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._