We are looking for a highly motivated Senior Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering Team. You will be part of a center of excellence that enables best in class leveraging of data to support advanced analytics. You will serve as subject matter expert on data structures, data sources and tools, techniques, and methodology to process data that enables advanced analytics. The team provides ad-hoc analytical and decision-making support while also aiding in the development of iterative analytical prototypes. This position requires experience with working in large volumes of transactional data and an understanding of data mining, test & learn and statistical techniques. You will help shape the strategic direction of business analytics and ensure analytical best practices and techniques are used throughout the enterprise. Will Do: Identify, extract, assess, manipulate, and analyze internal and external data from multiple sources including POS transaction data, syndicated data, and other pertinent information to support Advanced Analytics. Leverage SQL and scripting skills to help business partners (Merchandising Ops, Finance, Marketing, Tech, etc.) to implement requested reporting functionality and accessibility. Build data and reporting proofs of concept as needed; develop reporting and analysis templates and tools. Collaborate with the entire team to design new algorithms, drive optimization and continuously improve our analysis. Conduct category, basket, item, customer and financial analysis Develop KPIs, the levers contributing to the KPI, and quantifying how movement in the levers contributes to overall KPI changes. Support the Data Science Team’s efforts for the continual use of testing to drive smart decision making, while understanding the nature of a decentralized corporate structure. Coaching and development of Data Engineers. Work with business partners to identify gaps in analytical processes and reporting; then problem solve with various other teams to fill gaps. Must Have/Be: Bachelor’s degree in related field and 5-8 year’s relevant experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Master’s degree preferred. Exceptional SQL skills: Hands-on deep experience querying large, complex data sets. Data Blending: Hands-on experience with analyst-focused data blending tools (e.g. Alteryx) preferred. Intellectual and analytical curiosity – initiative to dig into the “why” of various results and a desire to grow in responsibility to become a strategic thought leader in pricing and category analysis. Knowledge of retail business to include all aspects of pricing, merchandising, retail operations, financial operations and reporting a plus. Proven ability to take complex business problems from concept to completion and make the results accessible and relevant to business users at all levels. Often requires interaction with multiple departments and senior leadership. Self-directed, innovative thinker with a strong attention to detail and commitment to consistently meeting timelines and operating from a sense of urgency. Creative problem solving skills, maturity to handle ambiguity, flexibility to perform in a dynamic environment, and ability to multitask across projects simultaneously. Positive attitude, ability to work well and fast under pressure, exceptional customer service attitude. Comfortable in a decentralized structure where results are based on cooperation with and influence of others. Work effectively with others on a team. Ability to travel up to 10%. Ability to maintain confidentiality. At Whole Foods Market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled.