Mission Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Software Quality Analyst who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Software Quality Analyst. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what are our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Understand the business flows, design test strategies, specifications and test plans through user stories. Use bug tracking tools to report bugs (JIRA if possible), analyses the test results and report them to SCRUM roles. Partner with automation team and adhere to automation principles and drive automation for the assigned product. Additional responsibilities of the role include: Raise an alert when an important issue is likely to put in jeopardy the whole project Work closely with Quality Assurance roles and other departments to ensure quality products with clear project deliverables and timelines, and to ensure timely completion of deliverables. Participate in a small, experienced, energetic team on a rapid, agile delivery schedule. Design test cases and test scenarios to ensure both new and previous features Execute test cases to ensure business scenario Be hands on in writing, executing and monitoring automated tests Build tools to support development and business functions Participate in new project development to facilitate automation in conjunction with development Qualifications Are You Qualified? 1-3 years of experience in QA role. Strong technical and troubleshooting expertise and mind set. Familiarity with at least one programming language and can write automation. Familiarity with agile software development methodologies Strong Software Testers mindset, good understanding of the software development lifecycle Must be able to finish tasks with minimum supervision Strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skill. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our on-site or off-site workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.