Job Description As a team, we value correctness, efficiency, and safety. We measure and monitor everything, and have a culture of continuous reflection and improvement. We aim to eliminate friction in production and believe that no project should be delayed due to lack of reliable infrastructure. We believe that a well designed production environment can be beautiful. We're looking for a network engineer who shares our values, particularly those who have experience building, monitoring, and maintaining a highly-available backbone interconnecting multiple datacenters. You will: Help architect, design, and implement improvements to our global network Interface with the security team to design and deliver security-related enhancements Perform network based security risk assessments Configure and administer network monitoring tools Configure and administer routers and switches in a multi-vendor environment Provision and deploy network hardware in PoPs and data centers Troubleshoot network failures and performance issues Participate in an on-call rotation covering all of the above Mentor and train other network engineers on the team Occasionally be required to travel domestically and internationally Qualifications You have: 5+ years hands-on experience with routing, switching, and load balancing in highly complex environments Bachelor’s degree or relevant technical experience Experience designing routing topologies using OSPF, BGP, MPLS, and QoS/CoS In-depth knowledge of network concepts, devices, and protocols Solid experience and skills with the Linux/Unix command line and tools Solid experience with scripting technologies (e.g. - any of ruby/erb, python, perl, bash, etc.) Strong communication skills Impressive organizational skills and the ability to multitask in an interrupt-driven, real-time environment A personal commitment to quality Even better: Experience with Juniper platforms and F5 load balancers Experience designing and implementing IPv6 networks Experience with wireless network technologies Additional Information At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.