Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Ann Arbor, MI, USA; Austin, TX, USA; New York, NY, USA Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services - and for the people behind them. As part of our world-class recruiting team, you're charged with finding the most interesting candidates who bring an entrepreneurial spirit, a sense of scrappiness and a diversity of thought to all they do. You're responsible for guiding candidates through our hiring process and connecting them to the magic of working at Google. You are creative and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that allows you to develop lasting relationships with both candidates and hiring managers. You're also comfortable with numbers and drawing insights from analytics to make our hiring process smarter and more efficient. From generating pipeline to maintaining a successful offer acceptance rate, you manage the entire candidate process. By leveraging your knowledge of our clients' hiring needs and search requirements, you effectively match candidates with the roles in which they will be most successful. We have technical and non-technical recruiting roles available for multiple skill levels. Depending on your recruiting experience, interests, and business needs, we will identify the best fit for area of focus. The area of focus will depend on what positions are available at the listed Google office location. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Recruit top talent and achieve quarterly hiring goals. Provide an efficient and high-touch experience for every candidate from application stage to offer, evaluating skill level, driving the interview process and offer process, including reference checks, salary recommendations and closing of candidates. Negotiate complex offers to close candidates by leveraging your experience with competing for top technical talent. Communicate effectively with the interview team to ensure preparedness during the interview process. Share and exchange information with all levels of management. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of full-cycle recruiting experience in an agency or corporate setting. Preferred qualifications: 5 years of recruiting experience in an agency or corporate setting. Experience closing senior and/or executive level candidates and negotiating complex compensation packages. Experience solving complex business issues and delivering significant impact as an individual contributor. A track record of personal accountability, strong work ethic, integrity, and proven organizational skills with attention to detail. Ability to handle customer relationship management, provide strong customer consultative skills and work in a large-team environment. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.