Office Administrator Global, Local, Total National Express Transit (NEXT) supporting Trinity Transportation is a rapidly growing provider of transit, paratransit, and shuttle services for transit authorities, municipalities and other clients across the country. NEXT is the US-based public transportation division of UK-based National Express Group, providers of nearly one billion safe journeys each year. We are currently seeking an Office Administrator for our Human Resources Department (HR) in Wyandotte, MI. Responsibilities: Administers various human resource plans and procedures for all organization personnel; assists in the development and implementation of personnel policies and procedures; ensures we follow the employee handbook and the policies and procedures manual. Participates in developing department goals, objectives and systems. Conducts recruitment effort for exempt and nonexempt personnel, students and temporary employees; conducts new-employee orientations; monitors career-pathing program; and writes and places advertisements. Handles employee relations counseling, outplacement counseling and exit interviewing. Participates in administrative staff meetings and attends other meetings and seminars. Assists in evaluation of reports, decisions and results of department in relation to established goals. Recommends new approaches, policies and procedures to continually improve efficiency of the department and services performed. Maintains human resource information system records and compiles reports from the database. Maintains compliance with federal, state and local employment and benefits laws and regulations. Performing various administrative tasks Build strong relationships with hiring managers and business partners to increase collaboration and drive process improvement. Create, track and manage requisitions from requisition to hire, including interview, background process and initial hire. Prepare new hire personnel files, ensuring all company- and DOT-required documentation is included, and managing the hand-off process to the General Manager or Safety Training Supervisor. Responsible for all new hire file audits and ensuring all recruiting documents have been collected during the hiring processes. Track Driver and Bus Assistant Applicants throughout entire recruiting and training cycle using Taleo, Excel, Google Docs and/or other programs. Communicates with Applicants, Trainees and Trainers to direct candidates to next steps within recruiting cycle. Assist with orders and reviews background reports (including motor vehicle reports (MVR), drug test, physicals, fingerprints, and criminal history) approving or denying candidates in accordance with state, federal, DOT and company guidelines and regulations. Coordinates the completion of accident history and drug/alcohol test results from previous employers for all Candidates holding Class A or B license. Conducts new driver orientations and behavioral-based interviews using Durham’s ADORE standards for selection of all Bus Assistant and Driver-candidates. Assists with other recruiting activities within department. Other tasks assigned by Management.ational Express Transit High School graduate or equivalent (2 year degree or more preferred) Previous HR experience preferred Excellent computer skills with knowledge of Word, Excel, and Outlook; and knowledge of basic office equipment Demonstrated ten-key and data entry skills; with ability to maintain accuracy and speed Basic clerical and math skills Excellent oral and written communication skills with excellent interpersonal skills Computer literacy, preferably in word processing and spreadsheets, Excellent oral communication skills to respond and present professionally to callers and visitors. Prioritization, organization, coordination and time management skills to develop and maintain manual and computerized filing systems, coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks to meet deadlines and apply protocols to coordinate flow of materials and correspondence in the Department. Demonstrated ability to effectively and diplomatically handle a wide range of demanding inquiries from a variety of internal and external sources. National Express LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. For more information please visit http://www.nationalexpresstransit.com or http://www.nellc.com. Company name is: Trinity Transportation Primary Location United States-Michigan-Wyandotte-Trinity Corporate, MI Work Locations Trinity Corporate, MI 4624 13th Street C/O Durham 4113 Wyandotte 48192 Job Operations Field Organization United States Bus Schedule Regular Employee Status Individual Contributor : Full-time Job Level Day Job Travel No Job Posting May 2, 2018, 10:28:17 AM