Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Bruno, CA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA YouTube's Technology Solutions Organization is a global organization dedicated to developing and managing the company's largest and most strategic partnerships. We work closely with the YouTube product, engineering, and content teams to address our partners' most pressing and complex technology challenges. As a Partner Technology Manager, you'll lead deployments, optimize implementations, and handle integrations to build strong, successful, long- term partnerships. YouTube has a vast creator base of partners, who create different types of content offerings, including live streams, paid subscriptions, and video on demand. You will manage technical engagements with some of the biggest media companies and be responsible for the ongoing success and satisfaction of a portfolio of partners. By managing the technical relationship with an understanding of their business objectives and values, you will drive partnership success through the effective adoption of our product offerings. The role is fast-paced and will involve developing multiple workflows. You will have the opportunity to lead projects and teams that require collaboration across other functions (e.g., Product, Engineering, Business Development, Operations, Marketing, etc.). You will be instrumental in improving existing operations, commercializing new solutions, bridging product gaps, automating partner operations, and taking new initiatives from conception to successful deployment. You will also work as a Sales Engineer to own the technical relationship and the agreements with new content partners. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share. Responsibilities Identify, drive, and optimize the business flow from existing and new business opportunities by leveraging YouTube technologies. Perform implementation reviews, advocate new product features, and ensure prompt and proper resolution of technical challenges. Improve product feature offerings by providing partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams, including Product Management and Engineering. Guarantee the technical aspects of a partner’s integration (both new and ongoing) by providing necessary documentation and technical guidance. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in several internet technologies, e.g., Java, Python, PHP, XML, HTTP, HTML, or JavaScript. Experience with Unix/Linux systems and scripting languages. Experience with data analysis and SQL queries. Engineering and client-facing experience with coding experience. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience with and knowledge of internet video technologies (e.g., Digital Rights Management [DRM] solutions, video or audio codecs, live streaming, 360/VR, etc.). Experience with live streaming and gaming. Ability to absorb complex technical concepts and communicate them to a non-technical audience. A team player and creative thinker, with the ability to work well in a globally distributed cross-functional environment. Excellent project management skills and attention to detail, with ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands. Excellent written and verbal business communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.