Network Architecture Manager ( Job Number: 040846 ) Description Grant Thornton is collaborative, entrepreneurial and on the move. As part of a dynamic global organization of 42,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, we have the agility and focus it takes to be a leader. Grant Thornton is looking for a Business Technology Network Architect to provide architectural, implementation, and ongoing run and maintain leadership for Network Services. Role Description: Be accountable for the stability, costs, and customer satisfaction of the Network Services. Be accountable for the policies, design and architecture, and Service Catalog of Network Services required to support GT Business Technology solutions, where Network Services include WAN, LAN, Wireless LAN, and Telephony, whether provided by GT retained staff, one or more GT strategic partners, or other suppliers or any combination thereof (“ Network Services ”). Provide leadership for the Network Services roadmap and portfolio of projects involving Network Services. Provide leadership for the ongoing Service Design, Transition and Operations for Network Services as needed, including Supplier Management, Service Level Management, Service Catalog management, Change Management, Release and Deployment Management, Service Testing and Validation, Configuration Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, and service monitoring Participate in the Governance and contract (e.g., SOW) development for Network Services. Participate with the CIO and his leadership team in Strategy Management, Demand Management, and Financial Management for Network Services. Provide subject matter expertise in current and new Network Services technologies, including Skype for Business and Wireless LAN. Provide leadership and transparency on issues and awareness of business impact on transformational projects. Provide hands-on experience and expertise in Network Services, where and when needed. Be able to effectively interface with GT leaders throughout the business with respect to current or future Network Services. Qualifications Required Qualifications and Skills: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. 15+ year’s working within Information Technology, with a strong understanding of Network Services design/architecture, implementation, and operations. 5+ year’s management experience. 5+ year’s contract (e.g., SOW) development and supplier management/governance experience. Excellent network diagnostic and proactive management skills to reduce MTTR and avoid Incidents. Very strong wireless LAN and Skype implementation background. Excellent interpersonal and communications skills with the ability to collaborate with all parts and levels of the organization. Ability to multitask and manage parallel time-sensitive projects. BENEFITS: Grant Thornton LLP promotes a nationally recognized culture of health and offers an extensive array of benefits to meet individual lifestyles. For a complete list of benefits, please visit www.gt.com. Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd., one of the world’s leading organizations of independent audit, tax and advisory firms. Grant Thornton has revenues in excess of $1.3 billion and operates 58 offices across the U.S., with more than 565 partners and 8,000+ employees. Grant Thornton works with a broad range of publicly- and privately-held companies, government agencies, financial institutions, and civic and religious organizations. Core industries served include consumer and industrial products, financial services, not-for-profit, private equity, and technology. Grant Thornton focuses on serving dynamic organizations that pursue growth holistically — whether through revenue improvement, leadership, mission fulfillment or innovation. It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Primary Location - US-IL-Oakbrook Terrace Work Locations - Oakbrook Terrace(143) 1901 South Meyers Road Suite 455 Oakbrook Terrace 60181