General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. Do you find that you see patterns or opportunities that others don’t see? Do you enjoying asking questions and analyzing data to deepen your knowledge? Do you like to challenge historical assumptions and recommend new ways to drive action based on data driven insights? Do you like to find the best way to tackle a problem and share the approach with others? General Mills is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to join an established and growing data science team in the Global Business Solutions shared services organization. Our team is the Data Science center-of-excellence for General Mills, tasked with serving functional data science and analytics teams through the whole Fortune 500 organization. Some of our projects include demand forecasting, text classification, operational analytics, and pricing optimization. We are looking for candidates who enjoy solving new, difficult problems, working with diverse internal business partners, and who can deliver continual improvement in both themselves and those they work with. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Solve business problems Develop novel ways to help business partners meet objectives utilizing cutting edge techniques and tools Advocate and educate on the value of data driven decision making focusing on the “how and why” of solving problems Lead analytic approach within cross-functional projects Create exemplary analytic data products Utilize machine learning on the General Mills Hadoop Data Lake to create repeatable, dynamic & scalable models Engineer features by using your business acumen to find new ways to combine disparate data sources Share your passion for Data Science Curate and connect external data sets for broad enterprise-wide analytic usage Identify and develop long-term data science processes, frameworks, tools, and standards Collaborate, coach, and learn with a growing team of experienced Data Scientists MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s Degree required, MS or PhD preferred Bachelor’s in Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics and 5+ years experience required OR Graduate degree in quantitative discipline and demonstrated Data Science skill set, plus 2+ years work experience Leadership and business qualifications Exceptional communication & collaboration skills to understand business partner needs & deliver solutions Exemplary organizational skills with attention to detail & accuracy Bias for action, with ability to deliver outstanding results through task prioritization & time management Demonstrated ability to efficiently learn and solve new business domains and problems Ability to coach, mentor, and collaborate with business partners, analysts, and team members Experience with ecommerce, web analytics, search engine optimization, or supply chain transportation desired Technical qualifications Must have Python or R proficiency working with DataFrames Must have proficiency writing complex SQL queries Must have proficiency leveraging Machine Learning to solve problems e.g. Clustering, Classification, Neural Networks, Regression, Anomaly Detection, Ensemble Models Must have proven ability to merge and transform disparate internal + external data sets in multiple formats Experience with Git repositories, version control, and/or code reviews strongly preferred Experience with Big Data technologies desired — Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Impala, Spark, H20.ai Experience with data visualization tools desired — Tableau, Spotfire, R Shiny, Plotly Experience with deploying and monitoring models desired _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with General Mills (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status)._ CB2 DCGM