Global Technology at Nasdaq is responsible for developing leading technology for our Corporate Solutions business, along with Infrastructure, Operations and Information Security. Providing exchange and business technology is what supports our clients in all aspects of their business or marketplace. Join a driven team that builds next generation platforms and leads enterprise architecture & performance engineering. Position Overview Designs, develops, modifies, adapts and implements solutions to information technology needs through new and existing applications, systems architecture, systems strategy, integration services and applications infrastructure to meet client requirements. Reviews system requirements and business processes; codes, tests, debugs and implements software solutions. Designs, codes, tests and/or customizes solutions to meet client requirements. May support systems infrastructure, desktop or network architects by preparing detailed specifications. Develops new technology product ideas or strategic product extensions for internal use or as commercial products. Follows work instructions; codes, tests, debugs; implements and maintains software solutions, under direction of the manager. Develops tests, debugs and implements operating systems components, software tools and utilities, under direct supervision. Participates in building cloud based deployments Provides technical support in a defined project under direct supervision. Develops program logic for new applications or analyses and modifies logic in existing applications, often learning on the job from more senior colleagues as size of the challenge increases. Modifies existing internal software products to add new functions, adapt to new hardware, improve performance or enhance product usability under direct supervision. Implements and monitors basic system improvements to increase efficiency. Under supervision, supports applications to be compatible across multiple computing platforms and browsers. Requirements Education Required: BS Degree Experience Required: At least 1 year Knowledge of programming and scripting languages Preferred: Knowledge of Python, Go, Java Scripting (Bash, Shell) Spark, Data Analysis _Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law._