Bring your drive for excellence, team orientation and customer commitment to Independence; help us renew and reimagine our business and shape the future of health care. Our organization is looking to diversify, grow, innovate and serve, and we are looking for committed, empowered learning-oriented people to join our team. If this describes you, we want to speak with you. The Supervisor of Operations is responsible for administration of the Operational Unit within Customer Service. Responsible for ensuring that all departmental functions are completed promptly, thoroughly, professionally and accurately. Providers work leadership, assistance, and training to those supervised. Assists in the achievement of departmental goals. Duties and Responsibilities: 1) Supervises and implements departmental functions, policies and procedures with all internal and external contacts. 2) Evaluates effectiveness and efficiency of operational areas and takes action to reallocate resources as necessary. Creates and implements programs to enhance the level of service provided to customers. 3) Communicates, implements, and interprets corporate and departmental policies and procedures. 4) Maintains department standards to ensure optimal customer support. 5) Provides subordinates with ongoing feedback, coaching, and counseling on performance for achievement of all benchmarks. 6) Provides technical expertise related to job unit function. 7) Schedules, trains, and organizes personnel to accommodate immediate and anticipated workflow volumes. 8) Coordinates departmental functions with all internal and external contacts. 9) Compiles and prepares required data for report information pertaining to unit. 10) Ensures that all inquiries and follow-up are handled in a professional, accurate, prompt and courteous manner. Serves as the next level contact for problems/issues that staff cannot resolve. 11) Selects, develops, appraises, and recommends compensation for subordinates. Interviews and makes recommendations for hires and promotions. 12) Encourages the professional progression of staff through Performance Management, coaching and counseling. Establishes appropriate goals and performance standards and makes recommendations for career path of staff. 13) Ensures that department systems and supports are operational. 14) Performs all other appropriate responsibilities and duties as assigned. Undergraduate degree is preferred plus a minimum of one (1) year of relevant experience. In lieu of the above, five (5) years related insurance operations experience. The incumbent must possess tact, diplomacy, and professionalism to effectively handle all internal and external issues. Must have the ability to manage organize, plan and provide leadership to staff. Ability to develop and motivate staff to facilitate professional growth. Excellent oral and written communication skills, as well as ability to carry out assignments with minimal guidance. Exposure to an operations services environment is highly recommended. Analytical ability to identify and resolve staff and customer problems. Must be able to prioritize work in an environment that changes frequently. Demonstrated time management skills. 10% travel required to vendor sites Call center is open from 8:00am-9:00pm, must have flexibility, as business needs will dictate the shift hours (ex: possibility of 1:00pm-9:00pm shift)