Data is core to RetailMeNot's business and future success. RetailMeNot's Data team is looking for a Data Analyst to play a pivotal role in democratizing data access across the company. You will collaborate with a multidisciplinary team of engineers, product managers, and business intelligence analysts on a wide range of problems. You will construct datasets, services, tools, platforms, and APIs to solve challenging initiatives and decentralize access to data across the organization. You'll need to grok new data sets and their life cycles. You'll be responsible for engineering the performance and stability of systems for financial, user, merchant, web traffic, click stream, marketing, and product data. You are familiar with all aspects of the data lifecycle: tracking, collection, transformation, analysis, quality assurance and performance optimization. Currently, we ingest over 100 GB a day of click stream and transactional events. We use technologies such as AWS Lambda, Kinesis, ElasticSearch, Redshift, RDS, EMR, ECS, ElasticBeanstalk, CloudFormation, Docker, Python, and Java to build our data infrastructure. Are you excited about learning new technologies? Are you passionate about solving data problems at scale and educating others? Who You Are You have a B.S in math, statistics, engineering, economics or equivalent technical or analytic field (or meaningful experience) You've got 2+ years of relevant experience in data science, business analytics, business operations or decision support. You have 2+ of experience applying data architectures and data management principles to solution building. Experience in data quality, metadata management, master data management, data modeling, process design and Data Governance (preferred, but not required) You possess the ability to thrive in changing/ambiguous environments and have a consistent sense of urgency a requirement. You'll work through road blocks via creative thinking and consensus building You're a great Communicator. You know how to tailor your approach to your audience. You have solid communication skills and keep different departments on the same page for product launches. You are able to see the bigger picture and identify points of failures in data processing or analysis in A/B or multivariate testing. What You'll Do Root cause analysis and solution development/implementation Identify and implement quality metrics Identify, isolate & document bugs, questionable functionality, errors, and inconsistencies in data sources and products Perform analysis and articulate results in a clear and concise manner using SQL, Elasticsearch, Kibana and/or Charles. Collaborate with the Business Operations team to establish data models for new products and features. Participate in agile planning for a larger program of work. Maintain involvement throughout the development cycle for providing timely support as required Who We Are We hire smart people and give them the autonomy to be creative, have an impact, and share standard methodologies. We have a generous leave policy for new parents and 401k matching. We have a thriving Diversity and Inclusion program that gives back to the community and supports multiple Austin events and organizations with like-minded goals throughout the year. We serve breakfast Mondays and Fridays, lunch four days a week, provide all the snacks you could dream of, and have our own coffee bar run by trained baristas. We have a Friday board game happy hour for co-workers to mingle or just relax. We provide reimbursements for cell phones and gym memberships. We have an outstanding open vacation policy. Rewards We offer an opportunity to be an integral part of a company that eagerly pursues disruption in its space to continue to drive innovation and lead the competition. Benefits of being an employee of RetailMeNot, Inc. include, but are not limited to the following: Competitive base & bonus packages; salary negotiable Long Term Incentive Plan Performance based rewards & recognition for your hard work and service Very competitive benefits packages, including best-in-class parental leave Open & flexible PTO Cell phone & gym membership reimbursements Fully stocked break room & onsite catered breakfasts & lunches multiple days/week About Us RetailMeNot, Inc. is a leading digital savings destination connecting consumers with retailers, restaurants and brands, both online and in-store. The company enables consumers across the globe to find hundreds of thousands of digital offers to save money while they shop or dine out. U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Information Individuals seeking employment at RetailMeNot, Inc. are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us align with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.