What You'll Do The Cisco Cloud Collaboration and WebEx Meetings Engineering team is seeking a Cloud Software Engineer who will play a critical role in development of tools and software to ensure a high level of user experience of our Collaboration microservices. Responsibilities include but not limited to the following; Collaborate with the WebEx Meetings Product Development teams to provide guidance on how our Webex Meetings microservices can be sustainable in a cloud environment (AWS and private cloud). Develop software and/or tools to assess customer WebEx Meetings user experience using Python. Analyze data using Apache Spark, Hadoop and Qlik. Incident postmortems and action items Who You"ll Work For The Cloud Collaboration Technology Group (CCTG) is a $1B business unit that develops primarily cloud based collaboration software solutions, and is an integral part of the $4.4B Collaboration portfolio at Cisco, which is investing heavily to transform the future of collaboration experiences for our end users. CCTG's vision is to be the recognized industry leader in the Cloud Collaboration market as well as to be the industry beacon that attracts top talent. Our strategy is to sustain innovation in our current $1B product line, and to develop innovative new products for the future that expand and positively disrupt our market. We will do all of this, and build a next generation cloud platform with APIs and an ecosystem that deliver tangible business outcomes enabling our customers to get more jobs done! Who Are You Qualifications BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent practical experience. 2-3 years of Python programming experience Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design Experience in one or more of the following: Java, C, C++ Characteristics Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems. Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive. Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks. Preferred qualifications (Nice to have) Experience with real time communication services Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems Experience with Hadoop and Apache Spark desired Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco LI-TC1 dicedev