Los Angeles, California Finance The Netflix People Technology team manages and delivers applications for the constantly evolving needs of our HR organization. As we scale the studio behind the world’s leading internet television network, we continue to look for the best and brightest talent to scale with our growth opportunity. Our team is seeking an outgoing, curious Business Analyst to work in a rapid development environment with multiple internal customers throughout the business. This position will reside in the company’s Los Angeles based office and will report to the Manager, People Technology. This business analyst role will take on responsibilities for many of the technical aspects of location accounting. The analyst will be expected to develop a deep working knowledge of the systems used in location accounting offices; both internally developed applications & vendor hosted/SaaS applications will fall under their purview. This analyst will be a software ambassador for the People Technology team with broad responsibilities for driving tool adoption. Developing strong cross functional relationships with business partners(HR, AP, Production Finance, Payroll, Legal, Tax, etc.) will be a primary responsibility. This analyst is expected to stay current on technology trends, new offerings and proprietary industry applications. Research is a large part of this position. Visit our culture document and long-term view to learn more about the unique Netflix culture and the opportunity to be part of our team. Responsibilities, but not limited to: Business Process Analysis Participate in system design to automate HR processes. Analyze and document requirements for the development team Conduct training sessions and application demos for the end users. Project Management Application configuration based on business requirements Quality Assurance (QA) Testing Hypercare Research and evaluate various cloud based SaaS applications Experience & Competencies Required: Experience in business process analysis Systems/software experience and the ability to quickly grasp new applications. Strong analytical skills Familiarity with logical & physical database design models using various data modeling tools Experience working with studio production environment. In-depth understanding of HR domain. Familiarity with HR tools