http://ohdcorporation.com/ The Position Under general supervision and in conjunction with a team of Systems Administrators and Network Administrators, administers the day to day operations of the Windows operating environment including server operating systems, storage management, LAN network troubleshooting, and end user virtual desktop environments. While working to support the enterprise environment, this position will have primary focus on a newly built Citrix XenDesktop Enterprise 7.15 environment running on Cisco Hyperflex hardware technology. The Citrix environment consists of 500 users today with utilization plans of up to 1500 users over the next two years. This platform is extremely strategic and mission critical in nature, and the ideal candidate will take pride and ownership in their work and strive to do things the right way. SKILLS AND ABILITIES Ability to analyze and resolve problems of high complexity, requiring expert knowledge of hardware components, systems, software, and networking technologies. Ability to mentor/guide others to perform troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, solution development, and implementation within specific technology areas. Able to prioritize effectively and take on multiple concurrent assignments, whether administrative or project related, while maintaining a successful level of completion in all responsible self-work and/or the work of others. Able to develop, present, and effectively communicate complex ideas and strategies in both technical and user-friendly language to a variety of audiences. Additional job skills include, but are not limited to: excellent written, oral and interpersonal communications skills; and excellent analytical/creative problem-solving skills. Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, team-based, Customer service oriented environment. Qualifications Minimum five years of experience in a large-scale Microsoft Windows Environment including, but not limited to: Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016, Active Directory, Citrix versions 7.15, MS Office Suite, Server Virtualization, Workload Management Bachelor's degree in information technology or equivalent; or six years related experience in equivalent combination of education and experience. Citrix Certified Enterprise Administrator (CCEA) Seeking 5+ years of experience with Virtual End User Computing, specifically with Citrix Xenapp and XenDesktop. Extensive experience with Citrix technologies; XenApp, Virtual Desktop, VDI, Netscaler, XenDesktop. Experience deploying systems and security patches to a Windows environment. Experience with RES profile management (Ivanti Workspace) a big plus. Ability to architect user and profile management. Experience in migrations from platforms and solutions. At least 5 years' experience of Microsoft technologies: Server OS, Desktop OS, Active Directory, Office 365, Group Policy, Exchange. Experience with VMWare technologies: vSphere, vCenter, vMotion, Storage vMotion, SRM. Experience with storage technologies. Experience with management of file shares and groups. Extensive experience defining, creating and testing Group Policy updates for desktop OS.