As an Accounts Renewals Analyst, you are responsible for managing customer renewals and growth. This would include managing accounts annually from mid- market to large enterprise. You are a proactive self-starter who is comfortable with a rapidly changing environment, and you have a desire to learn. You also have experience in customer service, sales, marketing or consulting. Born from X, Alphabet's moonshot factory, Chronicle is advancing cybersecurity for enterprises of all sizes. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions. Responsibilities Manage renewal process and work closely with customers to procure renewals on time. Identify business growth and expansion opportunities for customers. Partner with Product Management, Engineering and Marketing teams as the voice of the customer. Manage outbound and inbound calls with customers and partners regarding renewal quotes, products, pricing, programs and up/cross selling. Collaborate with internal and external teams to drive higher customer renewal retention rates. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: 5 years of work experience. 2 years of experience at a SaaS company in a customer-facing role. Experience in sales or customer support. Preferred qualifications: Technical expertise in automating business processes. Demonstrated ability to understand customer pain points. Ability to demonstrate a product's functionality and key business use cases. Ability to take initiative, adapt quickly to changing priorities, work with a high sense of urgency. Process-focused, with developed problem-solving skills. Excellent communication, interpersonal and customer service skills; ability to communicate with customers proactively via phone. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.