Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services — you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started! Division Information PACCAR Parts PACCAR Parts is the global provider of aftermarket parts and services to support Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF and TRP dealers around the world.This includes 18 distribution centers globally that support 2,200 dealerships and over 1,000,000 customers.Aftermarket support includes world class customer centers that deliver industry leading uptime in conjunction with our outstanding supply chain that delivers record levels of inventory availability for dealers and customers. Requisition Summary This key position provides front desk reception support including handling phone calls, greeting visitors and making a positive first impression of PACCAR Parts for visitors to the building. Provides general administrative assistance such as processing and distribution of departmental mail, assisting employees and visitors with answering questions and fufilling department needs. Provides administrative support to the Facilities Manager and Business Process Improvement Manager and helps support ISO compliance projects and processes. This position will cover our early shift: 6:00 am - 2:30 pm. Job Functions / Responsibilities Provides front desk coverage as needed, including mailroom distribution and report indexing. Assists Business Process Improvement Manager and Facilities manager with ISO projects, including preparation for Internal and External audits, management of system objectives, Standard Integration, Management Review, etc. Assists with all aspects of Environmental Reporting. Includes Status of Compliance, Waste (Hazardous, Non-Hazardous, Universal, etc.) Reporting, GHG Tracking, Utility Usage, SARA Tier II, and other PACCAR CEDs (Corporate Environmental Directives). Develops and supports the ISO Sharepoint site, as well as document control and permissions, archiving, and file cataloging. Update Facilities Webpage, Safety Webpage, and SDS sheets on Online Portal. Creates, distributes, and maintains annual training material, standardized form templates, drill schedules, quarterly waste to landfill reporting, and annual division disaster recovery plan to PDCs. Provides general administrative support to Facilities and Operations groups as needed. May require some travel (up to 10%). Qualifications High school graduation required; Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Ability to work positively with other employees. Basic problem solving, and basic math and number recognition skills. Ability to perform detailed work with numerical data and to make arithmetic data entry rapidly and accurately. One or more years’ experience in administrative support/reception or equivalent work experience. PC skills with Microsoft products including Word, Excel, and Access. Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.