The Salesforce Admin & Data Systems Manager is responsible for ensuring that WEC and WCV’s Salesforce instance and all integrated applications are working properly, that our staff are able to easily get the information they need from the database and that we are thinking how to connect with our constituents now and in the future. Strategic use of data connects directly to our mission. Data management and innovation are critical components to the success of all parts of the organization. This position is based in Seattle, WA. Washington Environmental Council (WEC) is a nonprofit, statewide advocacy organization that drives positive change to solve our state’s most pressing environmental challenges. For 50 years, we have been at the forefront of environmental protection in the state, securing laws and policies that safeguard the health of our families and our environment. From bedrock laws like the State Environmental Policy Act, to free electronic waste recycling, to finding solutions that reduce our climate emissions and build our clean energy economy, WEC ensures a healthy future for our state so it remains a great place to live and work. Washington Conservation Voters (WCV) ensures Washington’s decision makers keep our environment protected, healthy, and vibrant. Over the last 35 years, we have elected environmental champions, held our elected leaders to the highest standard, and built statewide momentum for environmental campaigns through innovative voter outreach efforts and community organizing. Through our work, WCV is committed to making sure all people in Washington state have a healthy environment and a strong, sustainable economy. By effectively combining the policy know-how of WEC with the political know- how of WCV, we have reshaped how environmental protection is achieved in Washington state. While both organizations are independent, we work very closely together. Combined, we have a staff of 35 and work in a LEED-certified building in downtown Seattle with a view of Elliott Bay. We offer competitive salaries, good benefits, and the opportunity to make a difference. Compensation and Benefits This is a full time, exempt position with a salary range of $55,000 to $65,000 depending on experience. We also offer a generous benefits package including employer-paid medical, vision and dental insurance, 401k plan and organizational match of up to 3% of your annual salary, a flexible spending account, paid vacation and sick leave, ten paid holidays per year, an unlimited ORCA transit pass, and if you work for seven consecutive years you are eligible for a two-month paid sabbatical. We welcome new and diverse people to a great team who together shape environmental protection in Washington. To Apply Please submit a cover letter and a resume here. No phone calls or mailed applications please. Washington Environmental Council and Washington Conservation Voters are equal opportunity employers committed to dismantling structural racism and creating a welcoming work environment. WEC and WCV do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, creed, gender, religion, marital status, veteran’s status, national origin, disability, or sexual orientation. People of color, people with disabilities, and people of all gender identities are encouraged to apply. Responsibilities The Salesforce Admin & Data Manager is responsible for administering WEC/WCV’s Salesforce instance and that of our partner coalition ensuring that all processes are running smoothly. The responsibilities include: Administrator of WEC/WCV Salesforce CRM, and Stand Up To Oil Salesforce CRM Manage data input and output processes for WEC/WCV for all Salesforce databases used by the organization Maintain system security through custom permissions, organization-wide security settings and object/record/field accessibility Monitor data integrity as inputs change in order to maintain an overall high-level of data quality Work with Data Associate to perform regular data hygiene tasks in order to maintain highest-possible level of data quality Create and manage changes to the system Manage, monitor, and implement tools within the organization’s integrated data systems Evaluate new version releases of system tools and their compatibility with the rest of integrated system Work with staff to better integrate other data systems to further understand Washington voters, and our donors and activists Collect and troubleshoot all errors and support cases across all system tools Escalate cases when necessary to platform support in order to provide resolution to staff Develop customization to tool integrations when necessary Project Manager for organization-wide data projects Provide strategic direction and oversight for organizational best practices Collect data throughout lifecycle of projects in order to provide measurable performance metrics Lead or support regular reporting to director-level staff on baseline performance metrics related to communication/outreach, profile of member base, engagement, and fundraising Design processes with eye to measuring strategic plan goals including racial equity goals Roll out, report, and present to staff on new functionalities and ongoing projects Custom Salesforce Development Develop customized solutions within the Salesforce platform to support critical organizational functions and meet project objectives and organizational goals Conduct long-term improvement operations to meet evolving mission requirements Other Participate in organizational racial equity group work Lead Organizational Excellence team to meet strategic plan goals around innovation Qualifications Required Skills Strong Salesforce skills: Salesforce certification not required but you should be a “Super User” and be willing to get your certification Ability to manage multiple projects at once Self-motivated learner Desirable Skills Salesforce certification is preferred Knowledge of Voter Activation Network (VAN) database Knowledge of Salesforce data hygiene tools like DemandTools preferred Knowledge of how nonprofits work, specifically 501c3 and 501c4 nonprofits, including how nonprofits use advocacy to advance their mission Familiarity with other applications such as Tableau, project management software, GIS software a plus or familiarity with typical office IT tasks such as setting up workstations, email addresses and end user support a plus