Under general supervision, promotes the City's strategic partnerships between local, regional, state or federal governments by monitoring legislation affecting the City of Dallas operations, monitoring proposed changes to public policy, and participating in a variety of special projects and initiatives for the City of Dallas Essential Functions Monitors and tracks the status of city, state, and federal legislation that impacts the City of Dallas. Researches and prepares white papers on a range of topics including but not limited to; shared economy, housing and urban affairs, transportation and infrastructure, economic development and public safety Tracks and analyzes bills filed during legislative sessions and perform research necessary to prepare the City's position on proposed legislation. Processes payments and create master agreements, contracts, purchase orders, and requisitions through the City's software. Attends meetings of other governmental entities and arranges the appropriate City representation at meetings. Notifies and maintains contact with outside entities to ensure appropriate officials are present at City meetings and functions. Prepares presentation materials for intergovernmental meetings, council meetings, etc. Regular, reliable and punctual attendance is an essential function of the job Minimum Qualifications 2 years of experience required Bachelor's degree required Master's degree preferred Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required to Perform Work Knowledge of City organization and departmental responsibilities. Knowledge of City Charter and other legislation that determines the City's authority and responsibilities. Knowledge of local, regional, state and federal governmental entities with which the City interacts Ability to analyze and interpret research findings and conclusions. Ability to establish and maintain an effective working relationship with all levels of management, city officials, vendors, other government agencies, other employees and the general public. Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing and negotiate with technical staff, consultants, contractors, governmental agencies, city management, and citizens. Certification, Registration, or Licensure May be required to be certified, registered, or licensed in a specialty area. Working Conditions and Hazards Work performed under normal office conditions.