Position Summary The events coordinator will plan, coordinate, and oversee all event related activities at the law school. Essential Duties and Responsibilities (1) Plan and manage the delivery of graduation, baccalaureate mass, and associated events including student and guest management, supplies and logistics, manage the production of the program and other materials and the recruitment and management of the graduation committee. (2) Plan, schedule, and coordinate all law school events including logistics, catering, technical requirements, travel arrangements, signage, public safety coordination, parking, and ensure proper decor to meet quality expectations. (3) Work collaboratively with faculty, staff, and students in all aspects of planning and executing school events. (4) Work with event stakeholders to develop a budget for each event and ensure the event revenue and expenses are executed in alignment with the budget. (5) Manage the negotiations of external events space as needed. (6) Prepare nametags, materials, registration lists, seating cards, attendee lists and charts for events. (7) Work collaborative with the communications and marketing teams on event- related print and digital marketing materials, registration and payment websites, and webpages. (8) Supervise and ensure adequate staffing for events and setups. (9) Attend events to facilitate operations, clean up, and respond to problems or emergencies. (10) Serve as the manager of the customer service process receiving customer input and responding if needed. (11) Process paperwork for general event expenses. (12) Recruit volunteers for events and activities. (13) Maintain close, positive working relationship with colleagues, donors, alumni, volunteers and the community. (14) Other duties as assigned. Education (Minimum/Preferred) A Bachelor degree. Experience (Minimum/Preferred) Two years to five years experience. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Excellent oral and written communication skills Detail orientated with excellent organizational and multitasking skills Must be willing to work nights and weekends as needed Problem solving skills Computer skills with advanced knowledge of Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint Exceptional customer service skills Other Skills and Abilities Physical Requirements Job may require lifting light weight objects (1 to 10 pounds) with no repetitive bending or stooping. Occasionally lift average weight objects (1 to 10 pounds). Work Environment Regular exposure to favorable conditions such as those found in a normal office. Licenses/Certifications Valid driver’s license Posting Detail Information Open Date 07/27/2018 Salary/Pay Information $47,476.00 Anticipated Schedule Monday – Friday, 8:30am-5:00pm Some evenings and weekends Special Instructions to Applicants Posting Number Posting Number AF9531-PC001-0508-977