What you’ll be doing… As Product Consultant, you will be the de facto expert in Tableau Software products. You will communicate the features, capabilities, and benefits of Tableau. An integral part of the sales team, you will work in presales capacity, and help existing customers learn about the products by designing and delivering regular training sessions. Post-sales, you’ll help people make breakthrough advances with analysis to ensure adoption of Tableau Software. You can quickly turn-around prospect requests with stunning visuals published to our YouTube-style platform. In other words, you’ll make data dance and come to life for customers. Some of the things you’ll be doing include… Use Tableau’s products to quickly and expertly generate compelling, interactive visualizations using Tableau Public Provide presales support for prospects including data review, product demonstrations and analytic problem solving Become an expert in the features, benefits and application of Tableau’s products Communicate via phone, email, face-to-face and web meetings with prospects assisting and guiding them through the evaluation and selection process Communicate daily with sales staff regarding sales activities and tactics Deliver web-based training sessions for customers and prospects Who you are… Conviction and Commitment. You have an unshakable belief that Tableau’s products will improve the world – one person at a time. Once you get it, you go all the way. Go-Getter. Willing to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed and resourceful. Energy and Creativity. Energy and enthusiasm are your hallmarks. You think out-of-the-box and wow people with your interesting angles and quality work. You love the creative process – whether that’s selling a new customer or recruiting a great salesperson. A True Team Player. You're a leader and you know that to get the best results, you also have to be a great team player. Experienced. A 4-year college degree in CS, Business or Econ. Service Minded. You deliver customer support like you expect to receive it; with excellence. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world. Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.