Overview The Senior Manager, Merchandise Planning and Analytics will lead a team that partners with merchandising to drive the overall financial and strategic objectives of the organization. The Senior Manager will oversee a team of analysts — driving key planning, forecasting and reporting processes, and analyzing the P&L to identify opportunities/risks that create business results. The Senior Manager, Merchandise Planning and Analytics will be a foundational role in the development and continual evolution of the Merchandising Planning and Analytics function at Sprouts and requires collaboration and analytical leadership across multiple projects. The Senior Manager will engage with cross-functional teams to ensure a shared understanding of customer behaviors, category strategies, financial and marketing plans, and all other key business drivers. This team will be responsible for analyzing and interpreting data to drive decision-making and delivering key insights that drive growth and efficiencies. Essential Functions Planning and Budgeting Leads the development of medium/long-range financial planning and annual budgets across a wide array of vendor, customer, and merchandising segments. Builds financial models to support accurate planning and influence decision making. Forecasting Leads P &L forecast processes and summarizes forecast highlights, business drivers, risk and opportunities for merchandising department. Responsible for achieving all components of the merchandise plan, including sales and margin. Analysis Develops holistic understanding of category, consumer, and competitive dynamics; translates them into division portfolio plans that optimize revenue, margin, pricing and assortment. Provides analysis and recommendations to achieve department revenue and profit goals. Leverages consumer insights and data, combined with a structured test-and-learn approach, to maximize growth opportunities. Reporting Oversees creation of weekly and monthly presentations for merchandising leadership. Drives reporting on key business metrics, including department/category performance analysis. Other Accountable for team development to include recruiting, training, development, and succession planning. Serves as project lead for ad hoc projects by managing objectives, deliverables, and key milestones with minimal supervision. Develops analytics and tools for supporting merchandising, promotional planning and forecasting. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Physical Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, Economics, Statistics, or a related field is required. MBA Preferred. Grocery or retail experience required. Seven or more years of experience with progressively increasing responsibility in a retail merchandise planning role, category management, or retail consulting (or related fields). Three or more years of experience building, leading, supervising teams. Experience with budgeting, planning, modeling and forecasting systems. Analytical mindset with detail orientation and entrepreneurial work ethic. Strong communication skills and ability to influence. Highly adept in various systems, including superior Excel and PowerPoint skills. Comfortable manipulating large amounts of data and problem-solving, generating impactful recommendations – bringing insights to action. Demonstrated skill with root cause analysis; able to spot when something isn’t quite right and audit with limited guidance. A structured and creative thinker, able to toggle easily between the big themes and the little details. A humble leader with a collaborative style, who can self-manage, define and execute new processes and strategies. Benefits In addition to a rewarding career, Sprouts offers a comprehensive program to help support you and your family. These programs include: Competitive pay Opportunities for career growth 15% discount for you and one other family member in your household on all purchases made at Sprouts Flexible schedules Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Eligibility requirements may apply for the following benefits: 401(K) Retirement savings plan with a generous company match Affordable benefit coverage, including medical, dental vision Pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts for healthcare and dependent care Company paid life insurance and short-term disability coverage Why Sprouts Grow with us! If you have a passion for inspiring people and a flair for fresh food, consider applying for a job at Sprouts! With a focus on customer service, our neighborhood grocery stores offer high-quality, farm fresh produce, natural meats, plenty of scoop-your-own bulk goods and much more in a fun, friendly, old-fashioned farmer’s market setting. Come grow your career in healthy living with a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and teams that pride themselves on empowering others along their journey. _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. This is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements. Sprouts’ management reserves the right to amend and change duties, responsibilities, and requirements to meet business and organizational needs as necessary._ MB123