As a Networking Solutions Architect at Arm you will help build the future of networking. Working with Arm’s partners and their end customers you will define the IP and software roadmaps from Arm to support and deploy complete networking solutions. This technical role within the Infrastructure Product Management organization requires an understanding of networking hardware and the software stacks used for deployments in datacenter and operator networks. Network solutions architect will engage closely with architecture and engineering teams to build a full solutions story for Arm’s customers. Engaging with our semiconductor partners, the key role of this architect is to ensure they, in turn, are building the right solutions for the end customers. We are at the heart of all communication networks. Our products are deployed widely from the network edge to the core of the datacenter. This is an opportunity to work in a very exciting growth area for Arm. There is autonomy and the opportunity to develop your knowledge whilst using your industry expertise. A good standout colleague, will have multi-functional collaboration with key groups, you will also influence key partners as an important member of the team. What will I be accountable for? The Solutions Architect understands the technical requirements for the Networking segment. The focus of this role is to understand the hardware and software stacks currently used in state-of-the-art networks and what that means for the supporting technology required from Arm. Key to the role is understanding current and emerging networking use cases in the industry. You will work with the Product Marketing team to craft the direction of Arm’s Networking solutions. These will be delivered as part of Arm roadmaps. You have a strong technical background in networking and an ability to engage in deep technical dialogues with end customers. You will translate high-level market requirements into solution definitions that can be further refined into specific product requirements. The ability to develop material around the capabilities and opportunities for networking is significant in this role. Role responsibilities would include but are not limited to: Leading the technical definition of a networking solution, technical requirements gathering and proliferation of those requirements inside of Arm. Driving the technical vision for networking software, evolving Arm’s IP offering and architecture, as well as the multiple open source projects typically used in networking software stacks Working closely with architects and technology leads, directly engaging with internal and external software development teams Supporting the complete value chain of end customers, manufacturers, and designers of hardware, software and systems to collect specific market segment needs and translate these into product plans Performing competitive analysis and identify the strengths and weaknesses of Arm-based solutions versus the competition Developing business cases for proposed features, articulating value proposition Working with the Marketing Communications team to plan and execute product promotions, events, tradeshows and seminars Evangelizing in open source communities and educating customers and sales teams with the Arm's offerings, including participating in customer meetings, sales meetings, and training. Job Requirements What skills, experience and qualifications do I need? Good university degree (or equivalent), ideally in a numerate subject, although other graduates would be considered if they have meaningful experience. Consistent track record in defining complete solutions in the network infrastructure space (or similar), which would include prior experience with the elements of a typical software stack (data and control planes, NFVi, CNI, etc.) Experience in working with one or more network operators Shown experience with creation and management of solution requirements Broad experience in a technical role Ability to express ideas and communicate effectively with other team members, customers and suppliers Formulating and executing on strategy. Motivation to work unsupervised, but as an integral part of a local team, as well as in a globally distributed marketing team Desirable technical skills & experience: Technical experience from previous roles in networking Validated experience in developing networking software, including experience with enterprise application development In-depth technical knowledge of state-of-the-art data center networking technologies (Ethernet, InfiniBand), network architecture and topologies, L2/3 protocols Understanding network security methodologies for building secure networks Experience designing solutions using technologies like OVS, VPP, DPDK and hardware-based offloading of network processing - especially from a software enablement perspective Understanding intersection between networking software and compute virtualization. Knowledge of technologies like eBPF and XDP What are the desired behaviors for this role? At Arm, we are guided by our core beliefs that reflect our unique culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to defy ordinary and shape extraordinary: We not I Take daily responsibility to make the Global Arm community thrive No individual owns the right answer. Brilliance is collective Information is important, share it Realize that we win when we collaborate — and that everyone misses out when we don’t Passion for Progress Our differences are our strength. Widen and mix up the pool of people you connect with Difficult things can take unexpected directions. Stick with it Make feedback positive and expansive, not negative and narrow The essence of progress is that it can’t stop. Grow with it and own your own progress Be your Brilliant Self Be quirky not egocentric Recognize the power in saying ‘I don’t know’ Make trust our default position Hold strong opinions lightly LI-KW1