The Information and Content Experiences (ICE) team within the Windows Experiences (WE) org in WDG. The team enables innovative content experiences across platforms, devices, and form factors that delight users and as an outcome pave path for new post sales monetization engines. Data is a mission critical asset and enabler of everything that we do in ICE across all teams and functions. The scale of our data is one of kind and at parity with the largest data producing services in the industry today. We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to own building and operating critical components of our next gen data services to fuel our step function growth trajectory. This senior engineer will be accountable for building and operationalizing critical components of a modern peta-byte scale data pipeline for multi-form factor products to serve a multitude of applied data use cases spanning business/product/user intelligence, applications in data science, experimentation, and enabling personalized user experiences. In the end state, the data services built and operated by this engineer would rival the absolute best in the industry in engineering, operations, and usability excellence. Responsibilities You are a great fit for this position if you: • Highly believe that data is an asset that must be accessible to and applicable by every function in a modern business to guide and assess growth investments • Passionate about Data Engineering and believe that it is a one of kind and emerging discipline and career path that you want to grow in • Enjoys building and operating data services at petabyte and higher scales to enable data driven organizations Qualifications Basic Qualifications: • Bachelor’s Degree in CS or Equivalent applied experiences • 5+ years of relevant experience in engineering and operating big data services and infrastructure Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.