Description Information Technology Specialist 5 Are you a master of technical innovation and implementing vision? This Senior Storage Administrator will serve as a knowledgeable technologist for agency-wide Server and Storage Systems support and hosting services for enterprise applications. DSHS's Services and Enterprise Support Administration, Enterprise Technology unit is recruiting to fill this role based in Olympia. As a team member of the Server & Storage Infrastructure (SSI) team, which provide: Application hosting Application access security Application management services supporting enterprise and program area applications You will perform with advanced knowledge of physical and virtual server and storage hardware, firmware, and performance monitoring. Requiring strategic and tactical planning skills, your responsibility includes delivering server and storage technologies to support our agency customers; customers who have competing priorities. Providing operational support and design consultation with advanced system designs, investigation of system-wide technical problems, and development of new features will also be responsibilities. Recommendations and decisions made by this Storage Administrator have a very high impact to the agency and customers we serve, now and in the future. Your technical knowledge will be used in the evaluation, design, and upgrade of several technologies used to create, manage, update, monitor and report on Windows server configurations. Key focus areas of this position include: Confer with ET Solution Architects on SSI performance monitoring Oversee and manage the technical design, development, maintenance and implementation of the Enterprise SSI Design advanced and complex scripting technology to analyze and report on agency infrastructure environments Lead the installation, troubleshooting, and management of all storage for the hosting infrastructure, physical, and virtual environments Actively engage partners to ensure timely maintenance of incidents or outages Evaluate, troubleshoot, and enhance the condition of SSI systems and controls; include the Security Administrator on all security-related business issues Provide tier 2/3 tech support, design and configure production and redundant servers and storage to ensure high-availability Manage the efficiency, reliability, and business continuity of server and storage infrastructure Quickly, identify capacity-related issues, working with network and application teams to discover resolutions on VMware ESXi, NetApp, Compellent SAN, Windows, and Linux servers and storage systems In presentation format, prepare performance and capacity roadmaps for critical project and cost analysis data used by the executive team The organization will look for this role to provide strong evaluative, technical and diagnostic thinking in regard to varying complex system designs and problems. You will be expected to quickly absorb and understand complex business IT issues and to creatively develop effective action plans. See why other IT professionals like you are working for DSHS: http://bit.ly/2oCOOLm What we are looking for: Four years of information technology experience consisting of advanced working knowledge of Server and Storage Architecture and Operating System administration that includes: Windows 2008/2012/2016 Server MS SQL Server Windows 7/8.1/10 Microsoft Office TCP/IP Internet Hypervisors (ESXi, Hyper-V, etc.) Enterprise backup Storage systems Technical support for system interfaces, hardware, and software Additionally Two years (which can be simultaneous to the above) of experience writing, using, and implementing PowerShell scripts in a large server environment The ability to perform management principles and sound business practices: project management, planning, and quality assurance Although not required, familiarity with PMI Project Management methodology and ITIL model for IT Service Management is desired. Consideration will be given to a complete application outlining a history of related IT work accomplishments. Please include the following with your detailed application: Current Resume Cover Letter Questions? Please email Recruiter, Jenny Bastrom or call 360-725-5848. Supplemental Information Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history may be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the job. This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies. Employees driving on state business must have a valid driver's license. Employees driving a privately owned vehicle on state business must have liability insurance on the privately owned vehicle. Washington State Department of Social & Health Services is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in any area of employment, its programs or services on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity/expression, marital status, race, creed, color, national origin, religion or beliefs, political affiliation, military status, honorably discharged veteran, Vietnam Era, recently separated or other protected veteran status, the presence of any sensory, mental, physical disability or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability, equal pay or genetic information. Persons requiring accommodation in the application process or this job announcement in an alternative format may contact the Recruiter at (360) 725-5810. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call through Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6384. 07369 LI-JB1