We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry. Under general direction, applies theories, principles and practices to the research and development of new and improved products, processes and procedures. Performs routine research and expermintation at the direction of Senior Scientists and Team Leaders. Document progress in laboratory notebooks, reports, procedures and designs. Communicates occasionally with Technical Client Personnel. Responds as directed by Senior Scientist and Team Leaders to customers needs. Participates in Professional Societies. Job tasks, correct performed, impact indirectly on cost containment, efficiency, profitability or operations. Skills typically acquired through the completion of an undergraduate degree in Science, Engineering or similar discipline, and 4 years of related experience. Completion of a masters or PHD in Science or Engineering is preferred. RESPONSIBILITY: EM Principal Scientist will be part of a dynamic team of EM researchers who are responsible for analyzing, developing, optimizing, and maintaining a wide range of electromagnetic sensor systems for well-logging tool applications. The position involves one-third scientific research, one- third software development, and one-third intellectual property creation. QUALIFICATIONS: The ideal candidate will have a PhD in electrical engineering, applied mathematics, physics, geophysics or a related discipline; and a solid history of academic or technical accomplishments. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, a positive attitude toward receiving/giving feedback, and the ability to work effectively in a team environment are critical requirements. We are seeking a high-energy, creative individual who can also work independently and drive results. Specific experience includes: Numerical modeling theory and techniques (preferably as applied to solving Maxwell’s equations). Expert-level understanding of most of the finite-difference, finite-element, integral equation and method of moments methods. Numerical optimization theory and techniques (preferably as applied to inverse problems in electromagnetics). Expert level understanding of most of the conjugate gradient, Gauss-Newton, Levenberg-Marquardt methods. Proficiency in MATLAB. Knowledge of Python, C/C++, and Fortran is a plus. Good understanding of coding best practices and well-established software development principles. Familiarity with software collaboration, version control, and unit testing. Prior experience in wireline or LWD/MWD tool design is a plus. Machine-learning or other artificial-intelligence experience is a plus. Signal/image processing or parallel programming experience is a plus. Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Location 3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States Job Details Requisition Number: 61788 Experience Level: Experienced Hire Job Family: Engineering/Science/Technology Product Service Line: Wireline and Perforating Full Time / Part Time: Full Time Additional Locations for this position: Compensation Information Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.