The Digital Marketing Analyst is a leader in defining data needs and measuring marketing performance across digital channels. The digital marketing analyst will be a key driver of business insights and strategic thinking for the global marketing organization. They will work closely with the Sales, Product Strategy and Aftermarket teams to transform data insights into digital demand creation programs and will manage the marketing content in the Product Data Hub. Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It’s where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and where you can help us reach ours. You will develop digital demand creation programs using insights gathered from multiple data sources to identify high value opportunities and audience segments to target You will build systems and processes to initiate, collect, combine, analyze and translate information related to campaign effectiveness, customer journey and segmentation, website tagging and analytics, predictive modeling, lifetime customer value and marketing mix You will track, analyze, and hold team accountable for digital marketing key performance indicators (KPIs), such as traffic by source, site conversion rates, digital marketing attributed revenue and margin, and engagement analytics You will use multiple data sources to develop, enhance and disseminate digital marketing dashboards and conduct ad hoc deep dives as required to optimize digital marketing operations You will conduct experiments to prove ROI of digital marketing efforts You will evaluate website performance, analyze site content, measure effectiveness of merchandising, and ensure the website is delivering optimal value to the organization You will analyze visitor level data to understand user behavior across marketing channels (for example, Paid Search, SEO, Social, and Display Advertising) and provide insights to increase revenue and customer engagement You will provide training for internal employees on use of analytics tools and best practices if required You will Identify key needs or gaps and provide suggestions to close gaps Manage marketing content in Vehicle Group Product Data Hub to satisfy data requirement needs from co When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we — as individuals and as a company — are stronger. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. A minimum of 3 years of experience in Marketing, Digital Analytics, Business Analysis or Business Intelligence required. Must reside within 50 miles of Southfield of Galesburg, MI to be considered. Must be legally authorized to work in the US without company sponsorship Preferred Qualifications: Masters’ degree in business administration Experience defining goals and KPIs Web analytics experience (ideally using Google Analytics) 2+ years preferred Experience in creating data visualization (ideally using Power BI or Tableau) Experience with Oracle C360 or Salesforce.com reports and dashboards Experience with A/B testing and personalization tools such as VWO and Optimizely Position Criteria: Experience with analytics setup, analysis, reporting, recommendations, and strategy Excellent time management skills, with ability to manage analytics needs across a portfolio of stakeholders Strong interpersonal skills including problem solving, decision making, influencing, and change management Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to confidently present to stakeholders We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters. Job: Marketing Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico Organization: VEH PDMP MKT Job Level: Individual Contributor Schedule: Full-time Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: No Does this position offer relocation?: Relocation from within hiring country only Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time