Role Summary: Gather and analyze data to solve complex problems and evaluate scenarios to make predictions on future outcomes and support decision making. Acting independently, serves as a technical expert in data engineering and analysis. The Data Engineering and Business Intelligence Architect will be responsible for developing, implementing, and supporting enterprise Data Engineering and Business Intelligence capabilities in a timely and accurate manner. They will lead all aspects of the delivery of Date Engineering and Business Intelligence (BI) solutions and will synthesize overall strategy by analyzing a wide variety of solutions, selecting the most relevant tools/techniques to meet specific client requirements such as business case, pricing, or complex analysis, and interpreting and reporting on outputs. Contribute to enterprise architecture as steward for IT and Ops Data Teams. Applicant must possess an excellent understanding of the data warehouse lifecycle, and advanced Business Intelligence skills. Drive towards Analytic capability as a Service – As we focus on maturing the consumption side of the data, we need someone that can help bring some understanding/experience on offering analytics as services. The responsibilities of the individual in this position include: Design, develop, and implement robust Data Engineering and BI solutions to serve the needs of our business Analyze existing databases, reports, and processes for opportunities to further automate or simplify utilizing modern tools Provide design recommendations based on long-term IT organization strategy Elicit business requirements, including retention, granularity, and related factors by consulting with business partners and enterprise leadership Develop a practical roadmap for an enterprise-wide Data Engineering, BI and analytics platform and recommend appropriate technologies to support the implementation Define the overall data architecture, including ETL processes, ODS, EDW, data marts and data lakes. Work with the data architect to ensure that logical and physical data models support the analytic needs of the business. Provide technical and architectural guidance to projects and teams, ensuring that new initiatives enable effective solutions. Collaborate with key business users to identify needs and opportunities for improved data management and delivery. Provide technical knowledge and business support to the team. The successful candidate will have extensive demonstrable skills and experiences including the following: Bachelor’s degree required in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field. Master’s in Computer Science preferred 7+ years’ experience in Data Engineering and BI/analytical tools Experience working with Microsoft BI Suite and developing statistical packages in SQL/Python/SAS/R Expertise creating and maintaining reliable data pipelines Proven data warehousing and data mart development expertise Complex SQL query development and performance tuning skills Excellent data integration and data mapping experience Experience building robust solutions using modern open-source technologies Work with research teams to help in data science and machine learning initiatives Nice to have: Cloud computing experience such as AWS and Azure Experience with distributed storage technology like Hadoop and tools like Spark and Hive Multiple development methodologies including Agile and Waterfall Finance or Asset Management experience preferred; retail, e-commerce or tech industry alternatively LI-DNP