Albertsons' Companies is working to become the favorite food and drug retailer in every market it serves. The organization includes 2,230 stores, 27 distribution facilities and 19 manufacturing plants with over 280,000 employees across 34 states and the District of Columbia. Albertsons' Companies is privately owned with supermarkets across the country that include: Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Pavilions, Randall's, Tom Thumb, Carrs, ACME, Jewel-Osco, Lucky, Shaw's, Star Market, Super Saver, United Supermarkets, Market Street and Amigos. The National Services Center located in Northwest Phoenix, has an opening for a HRIS Analyst. POSITION PURPOSE: The HRIS Analyst I evaluates, analyzes, and maintains company Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS). Assists in identifying new HR needs and the software products to fulfill these needs. Makes alterations to existing programs to gather and report data as necessary. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Reports/Queries. Primary responsibility to write, maintain and support a variety of reports or queries using appropriate reporting tools including PeopleSoft query, SQL and Access Database support. Assist in the development of standard reports for ongoing business needs. Help maintain system data integrity in systems by running queries and analyzing data. Production Support. Provide support for HRMS, including researching and resolving HRMS problems, unexpected results of process flaws; performing scheduled activities; recommending solutions or alternate methods to meet requirements. Projects/Process Improvement. Recommend process/customer service improvement, innovative solutions, policy changes and/or variations from established policy with appropriate leadership approvals prior to implementation. Serve as a key liaison with third parties and key stakeholders (e.g., payroll). Use project management skills in managing projects. Maintain awareness of current trends in HRMS with a focus on product and service development. General Accountabilities: Ability to work largely unsupervised and self-directed. Ability to meet deadlines and manage multiple, dynamic priorities. Effective communication skills and demonstrated experience working in a team-oriented. environment KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE: Education Level: Requires a bachelor's degree in a related field. Experience Level: Three or more years' experience in HR Systems or data analysis in a large organization. Skills and Experiences: Experience with PeopleSoft query, SQL, Excel and Microsoft Access. Experience managing information systems to support business processes. Knowledge of HR and business metrics, financial acumen, organizational awareness, and business intelligence strategies. Ability to quickly learn, become competent in, and effectively apply new skills. Strong customer service orientation that places high value on customer satisfaction, confidentiality, and quality of work. Extremely strong problem-solving and analytical capabilities. Highly self-motivated work ethic with flexibility to adapt rapidly to changing needs. TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: Less than 10% PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT: Sits for extended periods of time. Bending, stooping and twisting required periodically. Uses calculators, keyboards, telephone, and other office equipment in the course of normal workday. Workday is dynamic and challenging. Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this job classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and skills required of personnel so classified.