Department: Health Services Reports to: Quality Manager Status: 100%, Full-Time, Regular, Exempt Probation: 180 days Benefits: Medical, Vision, Dental, and Life Insurance; also including Long Term Disability, an Employee Assistance Program, and a 403B retirement plan JOB SUMMARY: Under the direction of the Quality Manager, the Quality Coordinator is responsible for support of Quality Management (QM) systems that maintain and improve the quality of services in Health and Mental Health Services (HMHS) at the Los Angeles LGBT Center (Center). The Quality Coordinator is also responsible for staff development and education. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 1) Quality Management a. Coordinate and facilitate performance of scheduled performance monitors and client satisfaction surveys: coordinate and assist in quality improvement workgroups using improvement model Plan Do Study Act (PDSA), maintain and update QM calendar and track status of monitors and surveys, create, maintain, update, and run automated performance monitors, create instruments and sample population sets for monitors, perform unit-level audits in tandem with unit staff to ensure consistency and accuracy of performance data, tabulate results of monitors and surveys, report survey results; b. Maintain a record of meetings and activities, and prepare standard reports for QM-related committees (e.g. Quality and Risk Management Committee (QRMC), Data Integrity, Standards and Stewardship Committee (DISSC), Peer Review Committee (PRC), and related sub-committees; c. Work with Quality Manager to provide technical assistance to HMHS programs in the development and implementation of performance monitors and for quality improvement projects; d. Assist HMHS Managers as needed in responding to client feedback from various sources; e. In concert with the Quality Manager, train all levels of staff on QM principles and practice as needed; 2) Staff Development and Education a. Assist Quality Manager in staff development and education activities among HMHS divisions and other Center departments as appropriate; 3) Privacy and Compliance a. Maintain privacy of all patients, employees and volunteer information and access such information only on a need to know basis for business purposes; b. Comply with all regulations regarding corporate integrity and security obligations. Report all behaviors and/or activities that are unethical, fraudulent, or unlawful; 4) Miscellaneous a. Other duties as assigned; b. Participate in all assigned meetings. JOB QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE: 1) Experience working with the LGBTQ community and familiarity with issues of particular relevance to LGBTQ people; 2) A passion for the Center’s work and its mission to make the world a better place for LGBTQ people; 3) Currently licensed RN or LVN with a background in Quality Management preferred; 4) Associate degree or higher in health-related field preferred; 5) Working knowledge of Federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and policies related to ambulatory health service delivery systems; 6) Excellent computer skills including electronic health records systems and word processing and spreadsheet programs; 7) Excellent interpersonal and oral and written communication skills and demonstrated ability to work with health care providers, consumers, and all levels of department staff; 8) Strong organizational, analytic and logical thinking skills and attention to detail; 9) Culturally competent in assessing systems of care serving gay men, lesbians, bisexual, and transgender patient populations; 10) Demonstrated ability to work effectively with people of diverse races, ethnicities, nationalities, sexual orientations, gender identities, socio- economic backgrounds, religions, ages, English-speaking abilities, immigration statues, and physical abilities in a multicultural environment. The Los Angeles LGBT Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to fostering diversity within its staff. Applications are encouraged from all persons regardless of their race, color, ancestry, religious creed, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, medical/physical/mental condition, pregnancy/childbirth and related medical condition, age, marital status, or veteran status. www.lalgbtcenter.org