Provide all levels of technical assistance and maintenance support for PCs, laptops, printers, business applications, and other office equipment for the City of Minnetonka organization. Assist with servers, network infrastructure, and a wide range of software applications. Other duties include the administration, management, implement & troubleshooting of mobile devices. Duties/Responsibilities: Essential Job Functions: Provide technical maintenance support for the City's hardware, software, printers, mobile devices, meeting room AV equipment, network issues, and other IT-related equipment. Participate in new systems/products/services roll-outs and projects. Provide the day-to-day first line and escalated technical support for all IT help desk issues. Distributes, configures and maintains city-issued mobile devices (smartphones, tablets, etc). This includes, but is not limited to, OS versions, updates and new mobile apps testing, registration, management and retirement of smart devices in mobile device management (MDM) system. Performs post-resolution follow ups with end-user and team members as necessary. Records IT purchasing, procurement, and asset tracking for equipment inventory. Work in collaboration with more senior IT staff in the operation, security, and maintenance of the City's network infrastructures, including all LAN, WAN, VoIP, and wireless technologies. Provide basic monitoring and troubleshooting, network performance and security of City networks; including routers, switches, access points, and firewalls. Assist with research, design, planning, implementation, and integration of new technologies. Participate in developing and updating checklists, help-sheets, manuals, FAQ lists, training material, and departmental procedures to assist IT staff and end-users. Provide basic CISCO VOIP phone support, and the City's IP-based video surveillance systems as required. OTHER JOB FUNCTIONS: Provide support and assistance in other department functions, including participating in meetings, trainings, as needed. Perform other duties and assumes other responsibilities as assigned. Participates in after-hours on-call rotation with other IT staff. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge of: Knowledge of Microsoft Windows Server administration, including Active Directory, Group Policies, Microsoft Exchange. Knowledge of IT security principles and policies. Knowledge of firewalls, routing and VPN tunnels. Working knowledge of current network hardware, protocols, and standards. Skilled in: Knowledge of Microsoft Office 2016 desktop applications: Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint, OneNote. Prioritizing, attention to details, and provide exceptional customer service. Ability to: A commitment to and belief in the organizations shared values. Employ good judgment and make sound decisions in accordance with established procedures and policies. Ability to work collaboratively, cooperatively, and positively in a team environment. Follow-up and follow-through. Communicates timely, effectively, and professionally in all forms of communication with internal and external customers. Ability to apply critical thinking skills in rendering solutions to various technical issues. Willingness to take on new tasks and responsibilities. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Associate's Degree in computer science, information systems, or other related technical field. Equivalent experience may be substituted for degree. Three (3) years' of recent experience working in a network environment, including software installation and network troubleshooting. Two (2) years' of recent experience with troubleshooting and set up of PC's, laptops, mobile devices, and printers, including experience in providing office support to users of Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office applications. Two (2) or more years of recent experience working with Microsoft Windows, server-based operating systems, Microsoft exchange server. Minimum of (1) one year experience supporting smartphones (iOS & Android). Ability to work a flexible schedule including some weekends, evenings and early mornings. Must have valid MN driver's license. Desired Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent field VMWare or any server virtualization experience in a server environment. Mobile device management (MDM) software experience. Experience working with of Cisco network equipment, wireless deployment, and security practices. Experience with IPT or VoIP systems IP video system (Milestone Surveillance) and Mobile computing (Panasonic Toughbooks, Aircards Local government work experience Experience working with outside vendors Experience with BCA, CJIS, and PCI Security compliance Knowledge of live and post audio visual production, audio/visual signaling and troubleshooting. Experience supporting Microsoft OneNote Experience supporting Microsoft Office 365 Experience with Adobe Acrobat workflow development Project management experience Additional Information: _Exceptional services provided by exceptional people_ _._ We promote a supportive work environment that encourages excellence, accountability, customer focus and teamwork where employees are appreciated, respected and valued through our commitment to the employee-developed shared values : Adaptable Learning & Innovation Authentic Communication Healthy Human Relationships Contagious Enthusiasm Outcome Focused Teamwork Shared Success This position is a non-union position with the following compensation range: Step 1 - $32.394 Step 2 - $33.294 Step 3 - $34.193 Step 4 - $35.093 Step 5 - $35.993 Yearly cost of living adjustment (COLA) and market adjustments may be in addition to the above listed salary step increases. Step increases may occur after six months, one year, two years, three years from date of hire. This position is also eligible for a yearly departmental MERIT payment of 2.5% after one year of hire per personnel policy guidelines.