Position location: Foster City or San Diego, CA As the world leader in DNA sequencing technology, Illumina is building a world class cloud operations team to deliver best in class enterprise informatics solutions to our customers across many global instances. This role serves as technical lead of a DevOps team optimizing the deployment and management of Illumina’s global AWS cloud-based informatics assets, such as BaseSpace Sequence Hub, Variant Interpreter, Cohort Analyzer, and Correlation engine, while also providing front line development and operational support of those assets. The successful candidate will bring a strong background in software development (Java, JavaScript, C, and/or typescript) and big data cloud operations in the AWS environment, demonstrated successes deploying and managing AWS cloud-based enterprise applications, and strong collaboration, communication, and team leadership skills. They will be expected to leverage this background to provide breakthrough genomics informatics solutions worldwide enabling the transformation of human health through DNA sequencing. Tasks and Responsibilities: Help recruit and build a world class AWS cloud DevOps team with depth and breadth of experience and skill across software development and cloud operations. Lead in the identification, selection and improve on KPI’s to drive optimization of cloud operations around cost management, time to market, security and privacy, and delivery of worldwide capability. Lead in the identification, selection, and delivery of state of the art cloud best practices (e.g. stateless applications; analytical automated logging, diagnostics, and optimization; automated “one click” creation of new geographic AWS enterprise application instances; application autoscaling; and automated testing of global cloud instances) in order to deliver toward operational objectives. Provide technical development leadership to a team of dev ops engineers providing front line operational support and working closely with engineering on platform enhancements for of Illumina’s on market enterprise software informatics solutions. Develop and extend personal and team professional skills and expertise around the AWS cloud ecosystem, big data processing, and the application of cloud-based dev ops best practices to drive business value. Required Skills & Experience: Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in computer science or equivalent. Ph.D.’s welcome. 15+ years of software development and maintenance with at least 5 years deploying and optimizing enterprise applications deployed to the AWS cloud. Strong background in object-oriented programming, Software design principals, Java/C enterprise development, test-driven development, and refactoring. Strong experience using modern container frameworks and best practices using AWS Linux at scale. Recognized expertise delivering breakthrough cost, robustness, response time, and time-to-market global capability in the AWS cloud. Demonstrated expertise in cloud security and data privacy regulatory frameworks, best practices, compliance programs and roadmap development. Demonstrated skill providing technical leadership to Development/Operations engineers spanning architecture, engineering best practices, and professional development. Proven success in project leadership, execution, and successful delivery. A passion to apply modern cloud computing to the transformation of human health with genomics Strong enthusiasm about working globally across a diverse set of coworkers and customers to deliver best in class solutions that provide compelling value to our customers Possess proven technical troubleshooting skills Be curious, detail oriented, and analytical, with a proven ability to learn quickly Be customer-focused, team-oriented, and motivated, taking ownership of assigned tasks Demonstrated success in collaborating in a fast-paced team environment and delivering solutions using established agile development methodologies (such as Scrum and Kanban) against formal schedules Preferred Skills & Experience: AWS Certifications highly preferred. Use of large scale data processing tools such as Hadoop, Elastic Search. Knowledge of scripting and programming languages Experience supporting production Software as a Service using management tools and automation. Life sciences, diagnostics and/or healthcare industry experience Experience working cross culturally, with geographically distributed teams spanning multiple time zones Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at applications@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf