Creates end user access codes for IS&T supported applications including but not limited to: Epic, SMS, NT, etc. Creates codes, sets up e-mail boxes and personal network folders, delivers documents, and updates tracking databases. Troubleshoots problematic user access codes and deletes access codes of terminated employees. Minimum qualifications required to be considered: Experience 1 Year experience creating end user access codes for supported applications, setting up of e-mail boxes and personal network folders, delivery of documents, and updating tracking databases. (Required) Education Associates Degree (Required) Bachelors Degree : in Computer or Information Science curriculum. (Preferred) Combination of relevant education and experience may be considered in lieu of degree. Preferences 1 Year experience with User Manager, Exchange Administrator, Windows-NT, and Active Directory. Knowledge of TDS 7000, SMS PM, and SMS PA. (Preferred) Keywords: account generation, account management, software user support Typical schedule - 40 hours/wk, 8:00a-5:00p, M-F Your Tomorrow is Here! Temple Health is a dynamic network of outstanding hospitals, specialty centers, and physician practices that is advancing the fight against disease, pushing the boundaries of medical science, and educating future healthcare professionals. Temple Health consists of Temple University Hospital (TUH), Fox Chase Cancer Center, Jeanes Hospital, TUH-Episcopal Campus, TUH-Northeastern Campus, Temple Physicians, Inc., and Temple Transport Team. Temple Health is proudly affiliated with the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University. To support this mission, Temple University Health System is continuously recruiting top talent to join its diverse, 10,000 strong workforce that fosters a healthy, safe and productive environment for its patients, visitors, students and colleagues alike. At Temple Health, your tomorrow is here! Your Tomorrow is Here! Temple University Hospital is a nationally respected teaching hospital on Temple University's bustling Health Sciences Center campus. The hospital provides a comprehensive array of healthcare services both basic and complex to patients from around the corner, across the country and around the world. As the chief clinical training site for the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University, the hospital provides a dynamic environment for high- quality care, teaching, and cutting edge research. Primary Location : Pennsylvania-Philadelphia Job : Information Technology Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular