EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Minimum of 48 college hours required Experience working with elementary age children and knowledge of the learning process preferred LICENSE/CERTIFICATION REQUIRED Texas Educational Aide Certification required or will be required to obtain within 10 business days of start date OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Excellent computer skills with experience in providing technology support Ability to generate complex reports from records Excellent organizational and communication skills PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/WORKING CONDITIONS The work environment characteristics and physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Work is performed in classrooms, a library and / or computer lab and is subject to frequent interruptions. The position requires occasional walking, standing, sitting, bending, stooping, kneeling, crouching, crawling, and lifting/carrying work related items weighing less than 40 pounds, such as books, papers and presentation materials. The work mostly involves only exposure to normal, everyday risks involved in contact with young children. The employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and the ability to adjust focus. Work involves everyday risks and discomforts which require normal safety precautions when operating equipment or performing job duties. JOB PURPOSE SUMMARY Provide instructional support for the classroom teacher through the use of technology and computer based learning. The work requires the ability to work collaboratively with school certified staff and with small groups of students. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Campus Support Provide instructional support for the classroom teacher through the use of technology and computer based learning. Provide supplemental instruction in content areas in support of the classroom teacher. Work with individual students and small groups on classroom based assignments. Lead in the integration of technology in a collaborative classroom, computer lab and library environment. Assist in the safe and orderly movement of all students to and from the classroom. Perform all other duties as assigned in compliance with Title I. Record Keeping Establish and maintain an efficient record keeping system for important reports, documents, etc. Perform clerical tasks such as typing correspondence, copying materials, etc. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES