Do you love using data to find insights? Are you excited about diving into customer feedback and finding ways to make services better? Do you hate it when your delivery shows up right at the end of the four-hour window? If so, our Customer Experience Analytics team is searching for you. We are looking for a smart, driven, analytical thinker who cares about the customer to join our team and help us drive Wayfair’s success. Who we are: The Customer Experience Analytics team is an internal consulting team within Operations working to redefine the customer experience for large parcel home delivery. This group serves as the go-to source for any data analysis/insight generation/strategy needs surrounding the post-order customer experience for Wayfair: from redesigning the delivery scheduling process to predicting escalations to leveraging customer feedback to determine next generation services and offerings. What you will do: Work to drive greater understanding of our Net Promoter Score (NPS) and current Voice of the Customer (VOC). Conduct deep dives in current customer experiences by translating high-level business problems into more specific questions which can then be answered by data-driven analysis Partner with various business stakeholders to identify key factors and requirements for each project, and get buy-in for project methodology Formulate solutions and comprehensive strategic recommendations for improving the customer experience Analyze data using SQL, Excel, and other software applications Present with a clear point of view so that data insights can be used to help drive business strategy Drive cross-functional alignment on customer and operational priorities Who you are: 4+ years of progressive supply chain experience, consulting experience, or experience in an analytical role with desire to learn about supply chains Passionate about solving complex business problems Highly analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems Degree in Engineering, Supply Chain, Mathematics, Economics or other concentrations with heavy quantitative focus strongly preferred Possess an affinity for data, and resourcefulness in obtaining data when clean and or complete information is not available Extensive Excel or SQL experience, bonus points for R or other programming skills Experience working with cross-functional teams, including corporate and front- line teams Possess strong written and verbal cross-functional communication skills Positive, people-oriented, and enthusiastic About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.