Job Description IBM Cloud is currently recruiting a Customer Support Technician. As a Customer Support Technician you will be a member of the frontline support team resolving technical issues related to bare metal servers, virtual servers, storage, and networking. You will be expected to provide world class support to IBM’s diverse and innovative customer base. Responsibilities Include: Interact with customers by telephone, chat, and tickets through customer support requests. Use of electronic tools and communication to support customer contacts. Assist and educate customers on basic to intermediate use of products and services. Educate customers on the availability of internal and external resources designed to help resolve support issues. Ability to absorb and comprehend company-wide interdepartmental escalation and delegation procedures. Ability to absorb and comprehend Control Panel functions and features to effectively troubleshoot and resolve issues. Participate in team meetings, providing input and suggestions to further increase productivity and processes to better the customer experience. Perform other various duties as assigned. Required Skills: Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills as well as telephone and customer service skills. Should possess analytical skills, and demonstrated interpersonal relationship skills. Must have a basic to intermediate knowledge of one or more of the following operating systems: Windows 2008/2012 Server Red Hat, CentOS, FreeBSD or Debian Linux Virtualization platforms (Citrix XenServer, VMware, Hyper-V) Must have a basic to intermediate knowledge of the following: Web Server (Apache, IIS, and nginx) Domain Name System (DNS) Email and Mail Servers (Qmail, Exim, Postfix, and MailEnable) Remote Access Tools (SSH, Remote Desktop, and IPMI/KVM) Database Servers (MySQL, MSSQL, Big Data Solutions) Network Connectivity and Troubleshooting Must have basic to intermediate ability to use the following applications and operating systems: Windows 7; Microsoft Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox; Microsoft Outlook Client and/or Microsoft Outlook Web Access Client Position requires use of a computer a majority of the day. Must have flexible shift availability, including nights, weekends and holidays. Shifts include: Overnight Shift (11:00pm - 8:00am) This position is subject to Essential Operations staffing policy, requiring availability 24/7/365. Required Technical and Professional Expertise High School Diploma/GED Basic knowledge in Linux English: Fluent Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Bachelor's Degree At least 1 year experience in Linux Certified in CompTIA, LPIC, RHCSA, Network+, or Security+ EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.