Overview POSITON DESCRIPTION : Katharine’s Place provides 25 units of low-income family housing in Seattle's Rainier Valley, with some units set aside for families with special needs. The Resident Services Case Manager serves as part of the on-site team but is supervised by an off-site supervisor. The Resident Services Case Manager is charged with the tasks of creating community within the building, providing information and referrals, and collaborating with other service providers. The Resident Services Case Manager will assist residents in obtaining the services they need or want to maintain independence, self- sufficiency, and life satisfaction. Connecting residents to social services and programs that focus on housing success, general wellness, crisis intervention, employment, education, and health and safety is the primary duty of this position. To effectively house our residents, housing management staff and services staff strive to cooperate and work in tandem. Housing management and services staff share common goals: the health and wellbeing of residents and the sustainability of the property. Support for our residents is the overarching goal that CHS strives to achieve, and each of our employees, no matter what their role is an active participant in striving for that. The person in this position will work closely and collaborate and communicate on a regular and frequent basis with Building Management staff, including the Program Director and Facilities staff. This position is 20-32 hours per week and includes pro-rated benefits and paid time off. Pay range is $18.37-$20.44/hour DOQ. Responsibilities MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Work closely with on-site manager to identify and monitor residents who need supportive services and work together to identify lease and house rules violations and collaborate on strategies to address these violations. Provide outreach and engagement services to the residents, assists residents in identifying the services and benefits needed to maintain independence, self-sufficiency and wellbeing. Intake and development of individualized goal plans unique to each resident’s needs. Meet regularly with residents to evaluate process and update goal plans. Identify needs and barriers and make appropriate referrals to resources in the community. Assist residents in completing paperwork and applications for needed resources, including income, health care, employment, transportation and other support services. Develop ongoing relationships with community resources such as health clinics, assessment/case management, counseling programs, adult day centers, legal services, recovery programs, ESL classes and other community resources needed by residents. Educate residents on service availability, application procedures both individually and as a group. Provide linkage to community resources for those residents that need assistance in accessing services. Act as an advocate for residents on a continuing basis to ensure consistent service from these agencies and systems. Monitor effectiveness of response and resident satisfaction with resources. Help residents build informal support networks with other residents, family and friends. Partner with on-site manager to plan and supervise community-building activities, such as meals, outings, holiday celebrations and community events. Set up volunteer support programs with organizations in the community, as appropriate. Create and/or maintain directory of local providers for use by both staff and residents, as needed. As appropriate and necessary, monitor services provided for residents by outside agencies and coordinate/collaborate with those providers. Assist in coordinating hospital discharge planning and move-out planning when residents plan to move out from their residence; and as necessary, work with on-site manager on eviction proceedings and prevention. Produce monthly informational newsletter for residents. In conjunction with supervisor and on-site manager, decide how best to spend annual budget for tenant support. Serve as resident advocate in terms of policy development and administration, interaction with staff members, negotiating solutions to problems, and within the greater community. Ensure minimum training hours are met each year according to HUD contract. In all of the above responsibilities, maintain case notes (i.e., a record of the resident contract, referrals and time spent) in the services file. Administrative Maintain and review case records and documentation in files and log. Maintain case management statistics in compliance with HMIS systems. Maintain resources in files available to other staff and residents. Complete quarterly/yearly demographics reports. General Responsibilities Observe/follow guidelines on confidentiality rights of residents and respect their privacy. Maintain accurate record of hours worked and turn in timesheets and mileage reimbursement on schedule. Attend trainings required of employees and supervisory meetings as scheduled; participate as team member in staff meetings and division meetings as required. Be familiar with landlord/tenant law and the actions that are permissible for landlords and the responsibilities of residents. Maintain cooperative relationships with residents/businesses in surrounding neighborhood. Uphold and model the service mission of Catholic Housing Services in all aspects of work life. Represent CHS at appropriate trainings, community, and provider forums as appropriate. Contribute to and support a positive, team-oriented work environment. Perform other job-related duties as assigned. JOB CONDITIONS This position requires the employee to work in an environment where there may be exposure to blood, bodily fluids, and other potentially infectious material. Other exposures could include cleaning supplies, chemicals involved in pest control, paint and other materials used in building maintenance, dust, noise, and odors. Working conditions may include interruptions, working alone, and interactions with individuals who are angry and/or dealing with mental health or substance abuse, and use of computers. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL ACUITY DEMANDS: The requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Able to hear telephone rings, phone conversation, door bells, emergency alarms and normal face-to-face conversation. Able to speak clearly in person and on the telephone. Able to hand write legibly. Able to read normal size print and handwritten notes. Able to sit for sustained periods of time. Mobility/dexterity of hands/arms to enable keying into an office or other locked area as well as using computers and other office equipment. Regularly able to perform duties as assigned. Able to walk the entire building (including stairways) to respond to resident issues or emergency situations that may arise. Able to make independent decisions and apply sound judgment in performing job duties. Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: BA or BSW in social service field or equivalent experience. One Year Direct services experience: providing linkage services, advocacy for low-income populations, working with special needs populations Ability to work independently without direct on-site supervision. Demonstrable problem-solving/issue assessment skills, intervention planning/implementation skills, and/or crisis intervention skills. Basic computer skills with ability to maintain resident records produce community resource information flyers, and informational materials. Good oral and written communication skills. Possession of problem-solving abilities, knowledge of crisis prevention planning and crisis intervention techniques. Well-organized, flexible, creative, able to conduct self in a professional manner. Ability to work within the mission, goals and objectives of the Catholic Housing Services and Catholic Community Services. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience in assisting people in accessing community agencies and resources, linking with services and working with and understanding of culturally diverse groups. Knowledge of resources in communities in which property is located.