Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented Data Engineer for our Phoenix, AZ facility. Software Developers and Integrators (SDIs) are engaged in all phases of the software development lifecycle which include; gathering and analyzing user/business system requirements, responding to outages and creating application system models. SDIs primary functions are to design, develop, document, test and debug new and existing software systems and/or applications for internal use, perform defect corrections (analysis, design, code). In addition, SDIs participate in design meetings and consult with business clients to refine, test, and debug programs to meet business needs, and interact and sometimes direct third party partners in the achievement of business and technology initiatives. This role is a solid, career-level role where functional and technical proficiency has been obtained, and incumbents display a depth of technical understanding within their respective areas of specialization allowing them to operate independently. Incumbents also display a proficiency that allows them to begin to mentor others (third party and internal resources) on procedural matters. Job Requirements _ABOUT USAA IT_ _Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day. We are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine._ _See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:_ _USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview_ _ABOUT USAA_ _USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply._ PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Independently installs, customizes and integrates commercial software packages. Facilitates root cause analysis of system issues. Works with experienced team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing. Learns to create system documentation/play books and attends requirements, design and code reviews. Receives work packages from manager and/or delegates. Identifies ideas to improve system performance and impact availability. Resolves complex technical design issues. Creates system documentation/play book(s) and participates as a reviewer and contributor in requirements, design and code reviews. May serve as the subject matter expert on development techniques. Partners with experienced team members to develop accurate work estimates on work packages. May serve as a mentor on procedural matters to less experienced internal and third party team members. May assist experienced team members with the delegation of work packages. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree required or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. 4 or more years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific I/T discipline(s)/technology(s) i.e., Business Intelligence, Mobile, Web, Java, etc. 4 years of SQL experience 2+ years Hadoop experience Or Big Data Experience 4+ years of modern programing language (Java, Python, JavaScript) Unix (Bash, KornShell, etc.) experience Agile/Scrum experience _Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level_ _When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses._ PREFERRED REST API Experience BI/ ETL Experience BENEFITS USAA's most valuable resource is our 28,000 employees. We promote a culture of diversity and inclusion, encouraging varied perspectives and ideas. Our team enjoys world-class benefits, pay and highly competitive reward opportunities, including comprehensive healthcare, wellness and wealth building programs, employee resource groups, 401K matching dollar-for-dollar up to 8% of pay, career planning and continuing education. We promote a strong work-life balance with a variety of on-site services and conveniences depending on location, including a daycare, health center and pharmacy, multiple dining options, company stores, covered parking and free fitness centers. USAA is a casual dress environment. The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. _The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job._ _At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals._ _Relocation_ _assistance is_ _available_ _for this position._