Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Service Delivery Management (SDM) covers the management of ongoing services to clients. This includes all service support and service management processes (in line with ITIL/ASL definitions) plus others which are required for a specific engagement. SDM roles ensure that the service to the client meets contractual requirements and service level agreements (SLAs). Based on service delivery realization and deviation, the SDM agrees on service improvements together with the client. SDM includes the roles of Service Delivery Manager, Service Management Consultant, Service Coordinator, Service Administrator plus Change, Incident and Problem Managers. It therefore covers tasks from logging & progressing problems & incidents to managing the quality and commercial success of a service to a client. Required Skills and Experience: You are responsible for the quality provision of service, as well as for managing and reporting on it. You Oversee the execution of day-to-day operations to ensure contractual commitments are met. You proactively manage the day-to-day relationship with the client(s)/client representatives to ensure a high level of satisfaction, and you ensure that continuous improvements are put in place to help ensure the continuity of our contracts. You work closely with others to plan the overall client relationship strategy, concentrating on cost reduction, service improvement and new business. Qualification: Bachelor's Degree Certification: Manages engagements with complexity on EM level 1 or higher. Is, if possible, certified on this level. Must have experience in Negotiating, Transition Management, Change Management, Project Financials, KPT & Reporting and Continuous (Service) Improvement. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.