MORE ABOUT THIS JOB What We Do At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets. Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. Who We Look For Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. Consumer and Commercial Banking brings innovative solutions to traditional banking activities. We are a global team of lenders, investors, risk managers, skilled marketers, web experts and banking specialists. We provide a suite of solutions to help our customers meet their personal financial goals. We make direct investments in, and risk manage, a portfolio of corporate loans and securities. And we help transform distressed communities through investments and loans of private capital. Digital Finance, a subdivision of CCBD, is composed of the firm’s digitally- led consumer businesses which include the global online consumer deposits business and the US online consumer lending business, the firm’s first-ever direct-to-consumer platform built from the ground up. Digital Finance combines the strength and heritage of a 147-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. This unique dynamic allows us to help our customers achieve financial progress through customizable solutions that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity. Role Overview The Marcus Agile Delivery Team is a group of passionate practitioners, committed to the ceremonies and tools of Agile, but to the business value that Agile can drive. The team is responsible for the delivery of innovative software that will produce value for the rapidly growing Digital Finance business. Team members coordinate across geographies, technologies and business areas to ensure collaboration among teams and the swift removal of obstacles. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS The Marcus Agile PMO is seeking an analyst with the ability to navigate an evolving and complex software delivery model and act as a source of truth for the broader Digital Finance organization. Your role will involve cross-squad or cross-scrum coordination and ongoing optimization of the organization’s throughput, unique culture and Agile/Lean/Flow practices and tools. The role includes the following responsibilities: Defining key metrics to assess delivery performance within Digital Finance Analyzing data sets and creating data visualizations to identify trends, the quantification of experienced problems and impacts of solutions Identifying opportunities to expand and automate existing reporting capabilities; identifying tools, teams and definitions of requirements to support improvement Researching delivery trends through interactions with scrum masters, product owners and technical leads to make sense of major daily movements in data and overall team attitudes/health ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.