Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Senior Associate in Technology Enablement for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Assist with finding, hiring and retaining a strong team that will enhance cloud knowledge, capabilities and contribute to overall culture, value proposition and identity of the team Help develop industry-leading capabilities by building proof of concepts for cloud solutions, support go-to-market activities for cloud solutions, contribute to thought leadership, define new offerings and capabilities, and develop cloud transformation marketing collateral Support the creation of assets to leverage as accelerators, proof of concepts, and capability demos for clients in their cloud transformation journey Support growth of the sales pipeline by providing sales support to Cloud Transformation pursuits including guidance to clients on how to move applications to Cloud, manage the tracking and reporting of the sales funnel as well as drafting statements of work that reflect the services, deliverables, and outcomes that will be provided to clients Help our clients transform their business with cloud by analyzing client application portfolios and organizational capabilities to understand suitability for cloud migration and transformation Assist clients with formulating cloud strategies, business cases, and migration plans as well as provide architectural guidance in refactoring current applications to leverage the full set of cloud capabilities (PaaS services, auto-scaling, APIs, statelessness, etc.) as well as manage client demands and expectations, team members, and projects Qualifications: Minimum of three years of experience architecting, managing, or developing applications on Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform Bachelor's or Master's degree in Information Technology, Business, Computer Science or a related field from an accredited college Experience in a technical leadership or technical sales role, or former experience as an operations professions, such as a database administrator, systems administrator, or architect General passion and curiosity for new technology, approaches, and ideas that extends beyond the office and into your personal life as well as a desire to work in a technology consulting environment with a strong understanding of how business leaders think and the challenges they are likely to encounter related to cloud technology adoption Experience implementing or utilizing DevOps and Agile practices Exceptional communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills with an ability to extract, translate and communicate meaningful information at all levels Travel may be up to eighty to one hundred percent Must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.