Backed by Benchmark, Sequoia Capital, and Index Ventures, Confluent is one of the fastest growing startups in Silicon Valley. Founded by the team that built Apache Kafka, Confluent provides a streaming platform that enables companies to easily access data as real-time streams. In addition to our enterprise platform, we recently launched our cloud offering, Apache Kafka as a Service, which will allow companies of all sizes to leverage the power of streaming data. Join us on our mission to put a streaming platform at the heart of every company! We’re looking for a Web Developer to assist the marketing team in designing, programming and modifying websites, from layout to functionality using industry best practices. You will work collaboratively with designers, developers and business groups to conceptualize, develop and deploy web projects that maintain the brand image, deliver a high-level of usability and exceptional customer experiences, while keeping the sites and systems secure and operational. What we're looking for: Build and maintain high-traffic WordPress sites on our existing platform Plan projects and create timelines for on-time delivery of assigned projects Write and maintain custom plugins and themes Create modular programming for ease of reuse Create responsive/adaptive, mobile first designs that meet usability and accessibility web standards and best practices Test interface on assorted devices, including PC and Apple based browsers, iPad, iPhone, and Android. Develop efficient code and assures programming and procedures are documented for audit, backup and business continuity purposes. What you'll need: 5-7 years of WordPress experience Front-end skills: PHP, HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Other JavaScript libraries, Bootstrap and Responsive Design Back-end skills: Experience building custom themes, plugins, widgets, WordPress filters, WordPress hooks, etc. React, node.js Knowledge of databases, web security protocols, good understanding of software development lifecycle Confluent is one of the fastest growing startups in Silicon Valley. Founded and led by the authors of the popular open source project, Apache Kafka, Confluent provides a streaming platform that empowers enterprises to maximize the value of their data, real-time. Deployed across industries such as retail, logistics, manufacturing, financial services, technology, and media, Confluent enables leaders to move data from isolated systems into a real-time data pipeline where they can act on it immediately. Backed by top tier venture firms, Sequoia, Benchmark, Data Collective, Index Ventures and LinkedIn, Confluent has offices in Palo Alto, CA and London, UK. We are a rapidly- growing company looking for smart, dynamic, and insightful people to join us on this amazing journey. Be part of a small team where your work will make a major impact!