Saint-Gobain, one of the world’s largest building materials companies and manufacturer of innovative material solutions, helps create great living spaces by combining comfort and sustainability. For more than three-and-a-half centuries, Saint-Gobain has been enhancing the wellbeing of people everywhere, whether it’s by addressing climate change, delivering true sustainable development, advancing the information revolution, participating in medical breakthroughs or playing a vital role in space exploration. Focusing on the intersection of people, innovation and purpose, Saint-Gobain helps to address the needs of today and the challenges of tomorrow – offering employees the opportunity to invent themselves and reshape the world. We are looking for a Business and Industrial Network Engineer to join the team in our CertainTeed plant in Shakopee, MN. This role will provide efficient Business network and industrial network support for the plant. This position entails the management, daily troubleshooting support, design and solution implementation of all business and industrial network components at the plant location including data rooms, servers, PC’s, switches, network, HMI and numerous PLC’s to ensure high availability and maximum performance while adhering to Saint- Gobain’s information technology standards, policies, techniques and security guidelines. CertainTeed is driving towards Industry 4.0 to connect manufacturing automation systems to data analytics tools on the business side to enable better decision-making based on real-time manufacturing data. The incumbent will play an integral role in working closely with Business Infrastructure Managers (BIMs) from SGTS and business management to understand needs and priorities and implement solutions that meet current and future requirements. Responsibilities include… Design or manage the design of network architectures adapted to the needs of the businesses and the data room in collaboration with the architects Design, implement and maintain industrial network infrastructure according to industry standards and Saint-Gobain Technology Services policies, procedures and security mandates Ensure the design and implementation of the technical solutions in compliance with “quality of service” (QoS) imperatives Ordering and configuring new infrastructure equipment, along with keeping existing infrastructure equipment up to date within Saint-Gobain Technology Services (SGTS) guidelines. Measure performance of network and server systems in terms of load and effectiveness for users and present recommendations for improvement. Assist with large IT projects, both local and remote as directed by Management, as well at management of smaller local projects. Develop and maintain documentation of network architecture and technical infrastructure at the plant. Work under the guidance and direction of the Business Infrastructure Manager to implement Saint-Gobain security policies and standards to all industrial network components. Work on business and cross business Industrial Network teams to share, collaborate and review Industrial Network best practices, implementations and project. If necessary, liaise with third-party support and PC equipment vendors. Manage, maintain, and support all industrial network server hardware, virtual machines and installed software. Analyze existing network infrastructure, identify weaknesses, vulnerabilities and IT policy compliance issues. Suggest, develop, design and implement solutions with a focus on automation reliability. Prepare and submit capital expenditure requests for major improvement projects. Bachelors degree required. Engineering or technical discipline preferred. 3+ years of experience with automated systems including programmable logic controllers (PLCs) and human machine interfaces (HMI). Thorough knowledge and experience of specifying, designing, implementing and maintaining equipment for Business and industrial networking, servers, firewalls, switches, PC’s. Working knowledge of current protocols and standards, including TCP/IP, IEE802.11 B,G&N (Wireless) Solid working knowledge of networking systems, plant automation systems, mechanical equipment and systems operations. Strong project management skills with excellent written and verbal skills Demonstrated experience in the following: VMware products and solutions, managing SQL Servers Preferred: Experience with Wonderware products or equivalent platforms preferred. Application support experience with MS Office. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Able to conduct research into networking issues and products as required. Saint-Gobain provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Saint-Gobain is an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and supports the hiring of veterans.