We believe there are many problems in the world in which robotics could play a significant role in making it easier, faster and safer for people to get things done. We’re looking for roboticists, designers, hardware and software engineers to help us explore these possibilities, develop breakthrough technologies, and build new products that could help millions of people. In this role, you will join the Hardware Integration Team for a robotics project at X. You have a broad background in mechanical or electrical engineering and hands- on mechatronic skills. You have experience with electromechanical systems in a production context with specific robotics experience. X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world- changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x]. Responsibilities Take complex systems from prototype to production with manufacturing partners and understand the design lifecycle. Be versed in the regulations involving machine safety, and plan and execute multi-month engineering programs. Be self-sufficient to realize a reference design (COTS component selection, vendor management, manufacturing processes, test procedures) that includes a broad array of engineering systems (motors, actuators, power electronics, communication buses, batteries, sensors, safety systems, etc.). Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of full-time experience designing/building hardware systems. Mechanical design experience using CAD (SolidWorks). Hands-on troubleshooting experience Preferred qualifications: Robotics experience - system design, integration, sensors, control BOM management experience. Hardware component/system qualification experience (e.g. environmental, performance, integrated test, reliability, etc.) Mechatronic component selection and integration experience. Exposure to systems design in an regulatory / safety context< At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.