Imagine new horizons... This is an excellent opportunity to join our cloud software support team, providing technical solutions to customers. We are looking at a self-motivated Cloud Engineer with a passion for professional service excellence who wants to build on their experience and make a real difference to our cloud solutions. As a key contributor to the team your will be involved in all aspects of the support process including collaboration with multiple stakeholders. Your contribution will be critical to customer success. Do you want to be inspired and enjoy coming to work? At Dassault Systèmes, we empower our employees and support their passion to change the world and build the future. Let’s design new horizons together with the power of 3DEXPERIENCE! Careersat3DS What will your role be? This position will be an expanding role and you will manage a variety of both business and technical challenges that emerge on a daily basis. This will ensure that your day to day tasks are rarely the same and offer great opportunities for innovation and service improvement. The work entails cross- functional interaction in a virtual team in a rapidly evolving environment. The challenges ahead Day-to-day customer care and administration of cloud services Resolve client incidents and requests in a timely and professional manner via effective investigation, triage and resolution of support requests Provide advanced front-line technical engineering support and high quality solutions to customer issues Provide advice and information to customers and colleagues regarding DS cloud offerings and best practices Work within a global support team covering 24x7x365 cloud operations - effectively managing handoff from shift-to-shift for cloud support issues Respond to escalated customer service issues within the defined process with a high level of reactivity Own the customer satisfaction regarding the execution of the end-to-end support process Ensure complete data accuracy in managing customer requests Participate in customer call on demand, to convey technical expertise, communicate solutions and build rapport with customers Initiate proactive support inquiries to help customers avoid known risks Establish thorough understanding of customer objectives and provide perspective to all stakeholders Produce written best practices and capitalize on lessons learned Invest in continuous learning via ongoing training and development of professional skill set Your key success factors Bachelor’s of Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent work experience US Citizen or US Green Card Holder (in hand) and able to work on site weekdays at our Woodland Hills, CA location Direct customer support experience analyzing and resolving customer related issues Strong oral and written communication skills (English) Highly self-motivated with a positive attitude and a high level of enthusiasm and willingness to learn and incorporate coaching and instructions into daily tasks and assignments Comfortable working in both team and individual settings Strong analytical and problem solving skills, highly organized, and strong attention to detail Capable of multi-tasking and meeting critical deadlines Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and deliver under pressure Solid research skills with an emphasis on finding and using information quickly Team player mentality Customer support experience Strong ability to influence Comfortable and effective in working across regions and cultures Ability to build and maintain solid long term relationships Experience supporting PLM/CAD deployments is a plus Exposure to Dassault Systems solutions, including CATIA, ENOVIA, and the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform is a plus Database knowledge & experience (DB2, Oracle , MYSQL). OS knowledge.