Position Summary : The Assistant Director of Information Technology reports to the CIO and oversees all technology functions for the Union, to enable executive management guidance. The Assistant Director of IT is responsible for all aspects of information technology management and control, including supervision of information technology employees; budget preparation and management; recommendations for technical acquisitions; and development of guidelines, standards and procedures. The assistant director is charged with tactical action, and operational decision-making to fulfill the mission of the IT department. The Assistant Director must possess initiative and drive, have broad relevant technical knowledge with good management expertise and have excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as the support and maintenance of existing infrastructure, applications, and development of new technical solutions. This position must also oversee infrastructure, network / telecom, servers, security, applications, Audio / Video, business continuity and disaster recovery by providing day-to-day leadership for a diverse technical staff. Duties and Responsibilities Any one position may not include all of the specific duties and responsibilities listed. Examples provide a general summary of the work required and should not be treated as a total and complete list of expected duties to be performed by employees in the classification. Network Management: Plans, develops, oversees, coordinates, installs, and maintains the departments’ computer operating systems; maintains technical knowledge regarding local area networks, personal computers, peripherals and a variety of application software; keeps current on changing technology, upgrades and enhancements, new software and hardware. Installs, upgrades, configures & supports complex enterprise-class applications to achieve optimum system performance, scalability and manageability. Develops and maintains wide area network. This includes supporting remote locations and mobile offices Works with hardware and software vendors to evaluate products and solve problems; established standards and procedures related to systems maintenance; prepares and administers equipment and software service contracts with outside vendors. Oversees user account & security administration for enterprise applications, and ensures compliance with all security policies. Designs, implements and tests the enterprise Disaster Recovery Plan for all mission-critical application environments and platforms. Oversees and maintains network security, including advanced knowledge of firewall and proxy systems Develops and maintains enterprise-class wireless area network Server / Database Management: Expert knowledge and leadership on migrating to a cloud environment. Proficient in Azure, AWS, Google cloud or any other full cloud, or public, private or hybrid cloud solution. Evaluates server / database solutions and assures environment is in peak and optimal performance. Identifies, plans, and develops new and/or revised systems and applications; analyses staff and budget requirements for implementation. Ensures continuity of operation for the applications environment by ensuring appropriate levels of scalability and fault-tolerance. Telecommunications Administration: Expert knowledge in hosted, on premise or hybrid Unified Communications. Manage VOIP phone system, T1 connections, Fiber, layer 3 and satellite site voice and data communications solutions. Oversees user voicemail account administration, configurations, changes and implementations. Manage the Information Architecture, security, firewall solutions, MDM and Installs, upgrades, configures & supports direct push technology devices that enable syncing of email, contacts and calendar information Security Administration: Oversees user account administration of our internal building security systems On call as an emergency response staff Software Development: Advanced knowledge of Office 365 complete solution offering and provide leadership of the integration and configuration with other software Products. Leads the effort to provide end user training and best practices for software solutions Provide high level analysis on data trends and identify areas for further analysis Plans, develops, oversees, coordinates, installs, and maintains Union’s Intranet site Project Management: Manages technology projects from initial requirements definition through post-implementation support using standard project Engage internal customers and partners to understand business needs and adapt product plans to meet requirements Plan and specify data transformation processes, end-user data services, analysis tools, administration tools, and portal site capabilities Manages effective flow of information while demonstrating superior verbal and written communication skills; ability to interact effectively with all levels of computer users; experience interacting with users of information technology and translating their business requirements or challenges into measurable and fiscally responsible solutions. Must possess excellent process documentation skills and willingness to share knowledge Management : Present recommendations and budget assessments for technology review to the CIO Prepare annual technology operational budgets. Make purchases for all equipment and related technology. Advise and provide leadership in technology related policy decisions Professional/technical expertise - Advanced technical and functional expertise in complex enterprise applications environments. Thorough knowledge of n-tier application design, installation, configuration, upgrades, web servers, performance monitoring, security, and networking. Training: Train users and executive board members as needed in the startup and basic use of hardware, software, and network applications Advise leadership in staff training needs where appropriate Qualifications Graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s degree in computer science. MCSE or Equivalent and at least (8) eight years of progressively responsible Microsoft systems experience, including Active Directory and Exchange and at least (6) years of management experience is required. The incumbent must have the following skills and abilities: Thorough knowledge of PC’s Database and Networking Ability to quickly master new software and apply its full range of capabilities. Ability to Manage Multiple Projects, Objective and Deadlines. Communicates effectively, both orally and in writing, with others at every level of the organization; strong presentation skills; foster a cooperative work environment. Outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively within a diverse community. Physical Requirements Sitting at a computer workstation for extended periods (up to four hours at a time) typing. Lifting up to 50 pounds. Employees must recognize that working in the labor movement is tough, demanding work, which sometimes requires working long or irregular hours that may necessitate over time. Some limited travel may be required.