Sammons® Financial Group’s (SFG) member companies offer some of today’s most sought after life insurance, annuity, and retirement planning products. Unlike most financial organizations, our companies are not publicly traded, which means we’re focused on long-term value rather than short-term earnings pressures. As a privately held company, our leaders and employees remain consistently focused on long-term growth, making decisions that allow us to deliver on our commitments to customers, distribution partners, our employees, and our communities. Individually, our companies provide value in the products and services they offer. Together we represent a history of strength and longevity. _Here is what you can expect when you join SFG:_ A rich company culture driven by private ownership and intentional leadership that inspires employees to engage in our healthy, high-performing and values based culture. Healthy balance between work and personal lives. Friday afternoons off all year long, competitive PTO and generous number of paid holidays. ESOP- A generous 100% company funded retirement plan. A Casual dress code which includes jeans. Great benefits including medical, dental, vision, wellness plan, charitable giving programs, education assistance… to name a few! _Here's what you can expect as the Manager in Information Technology_ Plays a key role in developing staff, tracking budget and meeting KPIs. Responsible for increasing employee development with agile and lean adoption. The manager focuses on people; by building the framework for role development, cross-training plans, change management as well as handling staff management duties to ensure development and adoption are successful. Essential Functions: Responsible for building the framework for role development; this includes but not limited to role, dual role, cross-training, and leadership development. Handles the human resources activities for the team as well as the team building needed to increase the team’s adoption of change, agile, and lean methodologies. Collaborate with IT leaders to provide insight into planning, developing, and implementing individual and team development within the organization. Partner with IT leadership to ensure coaching on all the key skill sets and building the needed capabilities. Collaborate directly with the IT leadership team to design, develop, implement, and support key performance indicators and outline the key metrics for the technology services team. Influence and guide her/his team to develop, optimize and lead in product development services with multiple downstream systems. Make recommendations regarding ideas on building a strong IT capability through people, process and technology changes. Contribute ideas to future state technology roadmap definitions and makes recommendations to ensure effective investments are made to enable scale, quality, and maintenance and overall cost effectiveness. Track and record the project and Product portfolio budget. Effectively manage detailed technical resources, forecast expertise needs of internal and external resources to support sprint requirements; focus on building problem solving and decision making into the teams. Responsible for coaching and developing individuals in the Team Leader role (if applicable) on employee development and handling of Corrective Action situations; responsible for coaching employee development and handling of Corrective Action situations. Responsible for coaching and developing individuals in the Team Leader role (if applicable) on conducting appropriate and quality performance evaluations; responsible conducting appropriate and quality performance evaluations of team. Responsible for hiring and developing high quality direct reports, screens all candidates for product technology services. Create and implement change management strategies and plans that maximize employee adoption, minimize resistance. Manager helps build the capabilities within the teams to understand benefit realization, value creation, value stream development and self-direction. Ensure effective technology support and maintenance strategies are in places and actions are taken to address gaps and measure outcomes. Support and contribute to success of the overall technology transformation through committed quality delivery and continuous improvement. Lead by example, coaching and mentoring to help individuals and teams develop and grow, helping to ensure overall organizational success. Qualifications: Minimum of 5 years of change management and/or coaching experience Minimum of 5 years of leadership track record of effective people management skills and practices University degree in the field of Computer Science, Information Systems, or Business Administration; Master’s degree in either of these fields with technology as a core component preferred or equivalent work experiences Minimum 5 years’ applicable experience leading and/or directing a team, prefer experience in IT planning, application development, support and/or infrastructure organization Demonstrated, proven understanding and track record of high quality team development Demonstrated consistent leadership effectiveness in technology planning, operations, implementation delivery and development Working knowledge of business processes, management, budgeting, and business office operations and end to end integration models; Must be aware of industry recognized best practices Knowledge of systems management, hardware platforms, enterprise software applications, and outsourced systems, vendor management, including management of offshore/near shore resources with some awareness of technology and related business trends; Experience and ability in managing systems complexity with positive outcomes Working knowledge of applicable industry laws and regulations as they relate to IT