Primary Responsibilities Require intimate understanding of contractual requirements and process of Master Service Agreements, amendments, assignments, and other related legal agreements. Work closely with executive level staff, sales team, field staff, accounting department, and customers. Identify proposed contract changes from customers and negotiate closely with corporate counsel. Collect and process information to be sent to Accounts Receivable for billing. Update and maintain the corporate database. Maintain system for collection and verification of insurance certificates for each customer. Maintain original agreements and contract files. Improve upon existing systems, processes and procedures to streamline and optimize. Any and all other duties as assigned. Skills, Qualifications and Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. Minimum of 3 years’ experience in contract administration in gas compression services. Business focus, solution and problem solving oriented, and ability to assess contractual topics and issues. Corporate environment experience preferred. Public company experience a plus. Strong writing and communication skills. Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, and Outlook) Accuracy, organizational skills, and outstanding attention to detail are extremely important. Candidate needs to be very focused, self-motivated, self-directed, and self-disciplined. Excellent data entry, word processing, and document/file management skills are necessary. Candidate needs to be resourceful, and some research skills are helpful. Team player attitude. Working Conditions Dynamic, fast-paced, demanding environment. The incumbent spends the majority of time sitting or standing in a comfortable position with ample opportunity to move about. Exceptional time management skills; prioritization in managing multiple priorities. Periodic lifting requirements of up to 25 lbs. Travel may be required up to 5% of the time worked. The position requires the ability to read and interpret data as well as having the capacity professionally and effectively to communicate (orally and in writing) with both company and outside personnel.