Systems Administrator II _POSITION SUMMARY:_ As a Systems Administrator II you ensure our converged and virtualization infrastructure is efficient and effective because you understand the importance of these resources in providing a quality service to our customers. You believe in the power of collaboration and guide your daily interactions and behaviors as such. You strive to steadily improve the standing of all technology teams by listening to, learning from and teaching those around you. You will balance tactics with strategic thinking, shift towards a higher percentage of project work and help elevate those around you. As a Systems Administrator II, you will: Serve as an escalation path to support our user base by delivering accurate and responsive resolution to helpdesk requests individually or collaboratively. Propose and implement practical improvement ideas that enhance our computing applications, computing resources, the technology team and the company. Actively monitor performance and notify and remediate issues of critical business processes related to all virtualization technology. Maintain, support, and improve servers, data storage, back up services and back-end applications at all new and existing sites as it relates to virtualization. Be a subject matter expert for your domain by staying on top of technology trends and best practices. Assist driving the direction of all hardware, software, and tools related to virtualization technology and actively participate in new purchase decisions. Promote individual and team growth by willingly transferring knowledge bi-directionally through training sessions and informal conversations. Understand that proper documentation is critical and thus update procedures and create procedures that do not exist. Willingly and occasionally work nights and weekends to appropriately support the business. Thrive off of a team environment and enjoy working with and supporting IT resources, Project Managers, Sales, Marketing and Operations. Travel, on occasion, to any of our numerous sites in the US. As a S ystems Administrator II, you are: Collaborative – you understand the whole is greater than its parts. Positive – you believe in the infectious power of positive thinking and display this in your everyday work. Passionate – you love what you do and can’t wait to apply your skills to help people communicate. Continually Learning – you have an insatiable appetite to constantly improve yourself. Technically Savvy – you understand technical concepts and practices and create solutions that scale. Self-Motivated – you are your harshest critic and biggest supporter. Goal oriented – you understand how your work fits in the big picture and follow through to make your goals a reality. A Team Player – you understand the basics tenants of being a great teammate including proper time management, communication and attendance. As a Systems Administrator II, you must have: A High School diploma, GED or equivalent, with some post-secondary education. 4 or more years of progressively responsible virtualization experience. Enhanced knowledge of all technologies in a converged virtual computing platform such as EMC and Dell storage, Cisco networking, Dell and Cisco UCS servers, etc. Enhanced knowledge of virtualization technologies such as VMWare, Citrix, and Hyper-V. Enhanced knowledge of cloud solutions such as infrastructure as a service, and public/private cloud solutions. Enhanced knowledge of software defined data centers and related technologies. Enhanced knowledge of data center infrastructure, monitoring, and management. Ideally, you will also have: Graduated from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or directly related field. Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE). Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP). VMware Certified Professional (VCP). What else you can expect: Physical Demands : Requires sitting or standing for extended periods of time. Extensive use of a computer and repetitive hand movements in the performance of duties. Occasional lifting and carrying of material weighing up to twenty pounds may be required Equipment Operated : Personal computer, printers, fax, copier and telephone Environmental Factors : None Where Would You Work? This position will be located at one of our CyraCom offices in the United States. Join us! Join a fast-growing organization that has quadrupled in size over the past six years. Operate at the cutting edge of technology to make sure that the challenges we face today are the solutions for tomorrow. Be part of a company that values diversity and its employees and help make an impact for people across the US. If you are ready to build on your refined networking skills, work in a fast-paced environment and be a driving force of positive growth - then apply now! WHY WORK FOR CYRACOM? _CyraCom International, Inc_ . is the 2nd largest provider of OPI in the world and the 8th largest language services provider in the U.S, according to industry reports, and has earned several awards and recognitions including being named to the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing private companies in the U.S in 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012. In only 19 years of operations CyraCom has grown to have 5 call center locations throughout the United States including a corporate office in Tucson Arizona and is showing no signs of slowing down anytime soon. CyraCom team members help thousands of people communicate every day by removing cultural and linguistic barriers in all levels of every day conversation. We ensure high levels of accessibility by providing interpretation services over the phone, through video, and on-site at our client locations. We work relentlessly to provide the support and infrastructure necessary to ensure people can communicate at a moment’s notice, because at any time our service could be needed in a life-saving event. Our hundreds of clients span numerous industries, including hospitals, banks, insurers, entertainment companies, and government agencies. _Our employees most often say three things:_ Culture: You have the resources of a large company with the flexibility and excitement of a start-up. Impact: Your contributions matter; people notice the changes and improvements you create. Meaning: Your work ultimately helps improve the lives of millions in the United States – CyraCom helps those who cannot communicate normally to access to healthcare and other vital services. COMPANY CULTURE We value our employees and believe that an enjoyable work environment is beneficial to all. Here are some ways we contribute to that goal: We celebrate our diverse workforce. We encourage our employees’ professional and personal growth, including tuition reimbursement and internal promotions We provide a “business casual” dress code (with “casual Fridays”). On occasion, CyraCom provides a professionally catered luncheon for employees at each of our locations. CyraCom also sponsors occasional “Spirit Days” customized for each location and its employees. BENEFITS HIGHLIGHTS CyraCom provides a generous menu of benefits from which you can pick and choose what is best for you and your family, including Medical, Rx, Dental, Vision, Life, AD&D;, Disability, 401(k), Paid Time Off, Employee Assistance, Employee Referral Program, Tuition Reimbursement, and professional development. CyraCom also provides competitive salaries, along with discretionary bonuses based on individual and company performance Equal Opportunity Employer _CyraCom International, Inc.’s success is driven by the advantage created by the collective efforts of its employees, and is dependent upon a diverse, inclusive environment that embraces change, new ideas, respect for the individual and fosters an equal opportunity for success. We have zero tolerance for discrimination, intimidation or harassment of any kind. Cyracom International, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. CyraCom International, Inc. maintains a drug-free workplace._