As a member of the Google Cloud team, you inspire leading companies, schools, and government agencies to work smarter with Google tools like G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You advocate the innovative power of our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative, and mobile. Using your passion for Google products, you help spread the magic of Google to organizations around the world. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes to use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As an Enterprise Field Sales Representative, you will bring Google's portfolio into the largest companies, and handling complex customer and stakeholder relationships comes easy to you. You will lead the innovative power of our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative and mobile. Using your passion for Google products, you help spread the magic of Google to organizations around the world. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Build and maintain executive relationships with customers, influence long-term strategic direction and act as a trusted advisor. Lead account strategy in generating and developing business growth opportunities, working collaboratively with Customer Engineers and Google Partners in order to maximize business results in territory and open up opportunities with large enterprise customers. Drive business development, forecast accurately and achieve strategic goals by leading customers through the entire business cycle. Explore and understand complex customer requirements on both a business and technical level. Engage, educate and ensure satisfaction of the installed base. Manage multiple opportunities through the entire cycle simultaneously, working with cross-functional teams as necessary, and serve as the primary customer contact for all adoption-related activities. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in field sales in the technology industry, with a focus on enterprise software. Preferred qualifications: 4 years of experience selling Platform-as-a-Service/Infrastructure-as-a-Service (PaaS/IaaS) and working towards strategic business goals in the technology industry. Experience working in Technical and/or Sales Engineering, with the ability to use Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems. Demonstrated ability to speak credibly about PaaS and IaaS and perform basic technical qualifications. Ability to build relationships and deliver results in a cross-functional environment. Ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment. Excellent communication, presentation, strategic and analytical skills, with the ability to plan, present and execute strategy. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.