Senior Systems Administrator Under general direction, responsible for all activities related to system administration. Perform software installations and upgrade to operating systems and layered software packages. Schedule installations and upgrade and maintain them in accordance with established IT policies and procedures. Monitor and tune the system to achieve optimum performance levels. Ensure server data integrity by evaluating, implementing, and managing appropriate software and hardware solutions. Develop and promote standard operating procedures. Conduct routine hardware and software audits of servers to ensure compliance with established standards, policies, and configuration guidelines. Develop and maintain a comprehensive operating system hardware and software configuration database/library of all supporting documentation. About Linamar Linamar Corporation is a Canadian diversified global manufacturing company of highly engineered products across global industries and markets. From the entrepreneurial seeds planted by our dynamic founder, to the support provided along the way, all Linamar employees are poised for success in this fast-paced and rapidly growing environment. With access to the tools you need to succeed, you will make an impact along with other motivated and engaged employees. Key Accountabilities: Complete assignments from the Help Desk efficiently and effectively as possible within assigned priority to meet SLA. Enforce corporate standards, IT Policy and Procedures. Manage servers in a Windows Active Directory environment. Work to ensure that each server has 100% uptime. Manage and participate in various technical and systems related projects. Look for ways to reduce costs and enhance productivity in IT throughout Linamar, proposing any suggestions to management (Lean suggestions). If assigned, work on projects from Corporate IT management following the documented IT project procedures. Support and maintain Teamcenter which includes, applying maintenance patches and troubleshooting user and server issues globally. Work closely with the Engineering department to configure Teamcenter to support the Engineering Change Process, including workflows, reporting and CAD Integration. Install, maintain and monitor servers located at the facility; includes applying service packs, updates etc. according to IT Policy and Procedure. Choose appropriate methods to rectify software errors and malfunctions on servers. Meet with decision makers, systems owners, and end users to define business requirements and goals, and identify and resolve business issues; and document accordingly. Conduct research on hardware and software products to justify recommendations and to support purchasing efforts This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of this position and it is not intended to be an exhaustive list of skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice Minimum Requirements: A certification in MCP, MCTS, MCSA/MCSE or MCITP is preferred. Bachelor of Science degree in computer science or a related field is required. Minimum 5 years of experience with the following is a necessity: Windows Server, SAN Storage Technologies, Virtual Server Technologies, Active Directory, Exchange, Networking Basics, Microsoft DNS/DHCP, Microsoft Office products, Windows Desktop Operating Systems, Microsoft SQL Server. Experience with the following is preferred: Teamcenter, CAD Software (Catia, CREO, NX, Solidworks), EMC SAN / Dell Equalogic Storage devices, Microsoft System Center , Symantec Backup Exec, Symantec Endpoint Protection. Desired Characteristics: Communication Skills; Strong verbal and written communication skills are a necessity. The understanding of when to email versus phone call versus have a face to face discussion is very important. Ability to communicate on a technical and non-technical level depending on the audience. Ability to read and interpret technical and non-technical documents. Ability to listen and understand communications from customer, co-worker and management; clarifying when necessary. Analytical Skills; Critical thinking is necessary in any IT position to analyze and clearly identify the root cause of any issue. The ability to break down larger problems into smaller components is key. Problems Solving Skills; Troubleshooting skills are key in any IT position; the ability to efficiently try multiple approaches to develop an effective solution. Must be able to problem solve in high pressure down time situations. Need to be able to continually learn on the job as technology changes. Why Linamar: Opportunities for career advancement Tuition Assistance Community Outreach Current Shift Days Employment Type Full Time Salary Percentage of Travel Required 1-10%