Job Duties Monitor automated processes for customized client data sets and run productionalized customer jobs. Perform quality audits on data prior to moving into production. Understand, query and manipulate varying data and file formats in order to ensure data quality before data goes into next production step. Identify problems as it relates to quality, quantity, and completeness of data. Resolve problems and/or coordinate solutions. Interact with customers to improve and resolve data issues. Provide appropriate follow up and notification to managers related to issues. Create and maintain documentation of programs and processes. Develop business relationships to ensure successful implementation and support project efforts. Problem-solving and thinking laterally as part of a team, or individually, to meet the needs of the project. Position Type Full Time Country United States % Travel Involved None Category Operations Posting Job Summary Join the team that powers the global real estate economy - CoreLogic is an innovative, future focused company whose vision is to deliver unique property- level insights that power the global real estate economy. We are a $1.95 billion in sales company with more than 6,000 employees globally serving the financial services and insurance industries. We are evolving at a rapid pace and the clients we serve are challenged from every direction, which means we are growing and innovating to help drive their success. Working together, and differentiated by our superior data, analytics and data-enabled solutions, we empower our clients to make smarter business decisions through data-driven insights. We take initiative, are fully accountable, build respect and trust, make transparency a must—and engage, include and collaborate at every turn. We take pride in our work and believe in cultivating a work environment that supports and values our greatest asset: our talented employees. Responsible for the ongoing production of customized data sets for specific client requests. Perform data research and deliver reports to the clients. This role is process/production oriented and needs an understanding of CoreLogic data, systems, and data operations processes. Posting Job Requirements Education, Experience, Knowledge and Skills HS diploma; college preferred Employees entering this job typically have 2-4 years of related computer experience. Attention to detail Ability to work under tight deadlines Understand database processing techniques and concepts including flow charting, file documentation, data analysis, and relational database principles. Verbal/written communication skills sufficient to correspond with appropriate groups regarding job requests Strong knowledge of MS office applications CoreLogic offers an empowered work environment that encourages creativity, initiative and professional growth and provides a competitive salary and benefits package. CoreLogic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to attracting and retaining the best-qualified people available, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability or status as a veteran of the Armed Forces, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. CoreLogic maintains a Drug-Free Workplace. We are fully committed to employing a diverse workforce and creating an inclusive work environment that embraces everyone’s unique contributions, experiences and values. Please apply on our website for consideration.