Firm Overview: Cambridge Associates was founded in the early 1970s to assist nonprofit institutions with the investment of their endowment assets. Today, we provide investment management, financial planning and proprietary capital markets research to over 1000 clients including nonprofit institutions, private clients (families) and pension plans. The firm advises on assets in all asset categories, including equities, bonds, non-US investments, real estate, venture capital, hedge funds, leveraged buyout funds, oil and gas partnerships, and many other types of investments. We monitor the performance of nearly all major institutional investment managers and provide an advanced monitoring service for our clients to evaluate alternative assets managers such as venture capital and private equity. Cambridge Associates has a staff of more than 1,100 professionals, including 200 Investment Directors and 150 Investment Analysts, based in nine offices located in Arlington, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, London, Menlo Park, San Francisco, Singapore and Sydney. Ours is a long term business with long term client relationships. Accordingly, we take great care in selecting employees with both the aptitude and the willingness to build a long term career in a collegial, hard-working and intellectually challenging team. Position Overview: The Analyst is responsible for providing operations, business development, and management support to CA Capital Management. The Analyst is a member of the CA Capital internal management team and works closely with the business unit co- heads and directors. In this role, the Analyst will work with several departments, primarily CIOs and their investment teams, Global Business Development (GBD), Legal, Compliance, ORM and Portfolio Administration. The Analyst reports to the COO/Director of Operations of CA Capital Management. Job Responsibilities Collaborates with CA Capital internal management team on day-to-day operations and management issues facing the business unit Maintains the performance track record and related exhibits for CA Capital Management and coordinates with team on the use of performance metrics in marketing presentations and external communications Maintains CA Capital data on business growth, clients, employees, etc. and coordinates with team on use of data in marketing presentations and external communications Maintains CA Capital’s policies and procedures manual Work with GBD and Internal Management team on client retention efforts Works on strategic projects for the business unit to increase accuracy, efficiency, and scalability Coordinates and prepares presentation materials for meetings with CIOs and Board of Directors Supports CA Capital business development efforts, including development of proposals, pitch strategy, and supporting materials. Works on projects to build market awareness of the CA Capital service offering, including the refinement and implementation the CA Capital marketing plan and coordination with GBD on conferences, PR, content and individual outreach With operations and GBD, develops presentation materials to describe CA Capital operations service model Qualifications BA/BS 1-2 years related work experience, financial/investment background preferred Strong attention to detail Ability to work independently and problem solve Strong analytical, quantitative, and writing skills Strong organizational and communication skills Ability to communicate effectively with senior management Experience using computer software including Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Outlook All applications must include a resume and cover letter.