Overview Want to be part of a customer focused, high performance, high integrity team of technology professionals? At OneNeck IT Solutions we deliver world class IT solutions 365/24/7. We’re in search of dynamic individuals that are passionate about technology and providing best-in-class customer service. Our managed services engagements allow our employees to have access to a variety of technologies and environments, broadening your skillset while preparing you for future growth. OneNeck IT Solutions LLC employs nearly 550 people throughout the U.S. The company offers hybrid IT solutions including cloud and hosting solutions, managed services, ERP application management, professional services, IT hardware and top-tier data centers in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Oregon and Wisconsin. OneNeck's team of technology professionals manage secure, world-class, hybrid IT infrastructures and applications for thousands of businesses around the globe. A Network Service Administrator I/II/III is a Tier 2 position within OneNeck’s Managed Services organization supporting a variety of customers ranging from medium size businesses to large enterprises. This position is responsible for the effective provisioning, installation/configurations, operation, and maintenance of networking hardware, software and related infrastructure. This individual participates in technical research, troubleshooting, development and automation enabling us to better support our customers. A Network Service Administrator will participate in change management and work to develop standard work processes. This position gives you the ability to work on a variety of technologies and environments on a daily basis in an effort to delight our customers in an SLA driven setting. Skills and Technologies involved in the Network Service Administrator role are as follows: Strong customer service skills Strong working knowledge of Network technologies in the area of Routing & Switching, Wireless, Security, VOIP/IPT, Load Balancing, etc. Knowledge of Infrastructure applications in the area of Backups, Monitoring, Security, etc. Knowledge of Systems such as Windows, VMWare, Hyper-V, Unix/Linux, etc. a plus Understanding of Cloud and “as-a-service” concepts General understanding of systems and windows concepts _Please note: We can hire this position as a Network Service Administrator I, Network Service Administrator II or Network Service Administrator III. Requirements for each position are listed in the qualifications section. We will assess applicants based on skills set and years of relevant experiences._ Responsibilities Troubleshoot complex issues in environments with vendors and drive vendors to acceptable resolutions. Utilize monitoring tools to verify the integrity and availability of all hardware, network, router, switch and server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, Aid in the administration of network infrastructure so that the networks operate reliably and available within its agreed (SLA) Service Level Agreements Be an escalation point for issues and requests that cannot be serviced by other groups, working issue to resolution, improving upon process, procedure, and knowledge to reduce future escalations. Execute planned maintenance Develop and enhance technical operating procedures and documentation to improve upon efficiency and effectiveness of operations and change activity. Identify and own problems and/or opportunities for improvement; working toward developing and deploying temporary and permanent fixes. Periodically construct and facilitate training with other groups in support of increasing capabilities, efficiencies, and effectiveness. Qualifications _Required Qualifications_ _Network Service Administrator I_ Associate’s degree (or higher) OR 2+ years professional work experience. Availability to consult, assist and/or perform after-hours support and participate in on-call rotations. _Network Service Administrator II_ Associate’s degree (or higher) OR 2+ years professional work experience. 1+ years IT network administration experience. Availability to consult, assist and/or perform after-hours support and participate in on-call rotations. Network _Service Administrator III_ Associate’s degree (or higher) OR 2+ years professional work experience. 2+ years network administration experience. Availability to consult, assist and/or perform after-hours support and participate in on-call rotations. _Other Qualifications_ Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and quality. Applicable technical certifications preferred Sound judgment and decision making skills. Advanced analytical, statistical, and problem solving skills. Results and execution oriented, self-motivated requiring minimal supervision Advanced communication skills regarding project teams and management ITIL V3 foundation certification preferred. Proficient with all Microsoft Office applications Benefits: As a part of your total compensation, TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. The benefit plans address both the immediate and long term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits and retirement options please click here.