Are you interested in learning and growing each day? Join us, and unleash your potential while delivering value-centric solutions for one of the world's most recognized brands. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional Supply Chain Business Architect in Menlo Park, CA Key Skills: This Supply Chain Architect position will focus on developing reference architecture, supply chain strategies, roadmaps, and associated systems to support the growth of the clients datacenters and associated hardware. The Supply Chain Architect will be expected to engage with partner teams across the organization to understand their requirements and turn them into phased operational roadmaps. This process includes documenting the current state of the supply chain and cross-functional dependencies, identifying pain-points and deficiencies, identifying improvement opportunities, and proposing future state solutions. The end goals being supply continuity, lead time reduction, and minimization of commercial risk. Once the opportunities have been identified, the Supply Chain Architect will be responsible for preparing, and in some cases program managing, the implementation plan. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Supply Chain business processes and related IT solutions enablement. Direct experience managing traditional supply chain functions such as: forecasting, demand/supply planning, master scheduling, order fulfillment, logistics, transactional procurement (Source-to-Pay), supply chain master data management, and product lifecycle management is required. Extensive experience in architecting and mapping business models against different IT solutions and architectures, as well as a proven Program Management experience in implementing such solutions is mandatory. Responsibilites: Engaging with business stakeholders to understand strategic objectives, business requirements, and pain points. Developing complex, multi-year, supply chain strategies, roadmaps, and implementation plans. Championing activities across multiple functional groups within the larger Infrastructure team. Supporting associated change management initiatives across the Infrastructure org. Working with IT system developers to spec, implement, and validate, new tools/systems. Engaging with third party vendors to evaluate capabilities and software tools. Leading implementation programs, from high-level program management to preparing process workflows and related documentation. Identifying, collecting, and analyzing data to drive processes optimization. Establishing KPIs to track and monitor performance and develop improvement plans. Training participating and partner teams on new processes and supporting tools as required. Minimum Qualifications: Demonstrated experience transforming supply chains across products and industries. Experience developing solutions to problems, which require the use of ingenuity and innovation. Organizational, project, and time management experience. Experience influencing and interacting with cross-functional teams and harnessing the potential of a bottom’s up culture. Experience and application of supply chain principles, concepts, practices, and standards, along with an experience in industry practices. Master’s degree in technical or business related field with at least 8 years of supply chain experience. Experience with Oracle, Demantra, Agile PLM or equivalent tools. Communication experience. Prefered Qualifications: A Supply Chain business consulting background, with “Hands-On” experience. Proactive and self-driven, focused on delivering impact and getting things done, in a collaborative and service-oriented manner. Insatiable curiosity coupled with the tenacity and grit required to implement truly. Experience working with ambiguity and working effectively in an entrepreneurial environment. Experience in a large cross-functional work environment, driving beyond the organization’s natural boundaries. Demonstrated experience transforming supply chains across server, network, or data center infrastructure products and industries. Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us: Orange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.