Presales Solutions Architect 3 Qualifications As Subject Matter Expert (SME) for the Unisys Stealth Suite of Data Protection Solutions, the candidate will directly interface with clients/prospects on both a pre-sales and post-sales basis. Candidate will need to quickly become an expert on the Stealth Suite of Data Protection solutions in order to assist the field sales organization capture Stealth technology and services contracts. Candidate will present the Stealth Solutions, guide the client to identify potential use-cases (usually via whiteboard discovery sessions), qualify the opportunity, and consult with the sales team to determine strategies and tactical next steps. Working with the Unisys Services organization, Candidate may also be required to assist in the design/architecture of the client solution or response to an RFI/RFP. Ability to translate technical attribute to business benefits a key skill. The candidate will require significant domain knowledge and documented experience designing and or/managing secure Networks. This position requires the candidate to demonstrate a proficiency and/or knowledge of advanced security concepts including functional knowledge of common network fabric such as Routers, Firewalls, Connectivity & Monitoring assets. The candidate will work on cutting-edge projects in a highly technical, dynamic, and fast-paced organization; as well as be able to discuss, recommend, and defend approaches to complex problems based on prior experience. Roles and Responsibilities: Present Stealth Solutions in an attractive and confident manner to clients/prospects Lead client/prospect discovery engagements to determine opportunities/use-cases for Stealth Solutions Partner with services architects to produce detailed conceptual and logical architectures that meet business and technical requirements Understand functionality and capability of a core set of infrastructure security tools Function as subject matter expert on Network usage of the Stealth Suite of Solutions Provide expertise and guidance on the configuration and deployment of network security tools Investigate and validate new infrastructure security tools as directed by offering architects and business requirements Address security challenges inherent to virtualization and “cloud” based service offerings Ability to demonstrate Stealth in a pre-sales environment Respond effectively to RFP and RFI requests Skills Required: Ability to create detailed conceptual, logical and physical architectures using Stealth Ability to be concise, articulate, and assertive in all forms of communication Strong knowledge of multiple infrastructure security tools Strong knowledge of Router, Switch and Firewall rules Conversant in published security architectures, approaches, methodologies, and standards Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills Ability to deal with partners and peers Understanding of Data Center and network operations, server administration processes, and network and communication protocols Preferred Education and Work Experience: Bachelor’s degree with a focus in applied sciences or engineering from leading institutes Experience designing, managing or supporting complex Networks 5+ years of work experience in IT security or Network Operations At least one Microsoft certification CISSP or other security credential preferred Do you have what it takes to be mission-critical? Apply Now. Unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. To learn more about Unisys visit us at www.Unisys.com. Unisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO). M/F/Disabled/Veterans