Director of Data & Analytics At WeWork Global Technology, New York WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal. We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings. Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 210 in just over eight years. We are seeking a Director of Data & Analytics to lead the Data & Analytics organization and develop the strategic direction of the team. The group performs a wide breadth of work; from analyzing space utilization via sensor data and member engagement via sentiment analysis, to optimizing our construction pipelines and developing recommendation systems. This role will work closely with leaders in product and engineering. The ideal person for this role is inquisitive, authentic, optimistic, and transparent. They’re passionate about growing and developing the team, and excited to promote an insights-driven data culture. The role is based in our New York headquarters. Responsibilities: Define the data and analytics strategy in partnership with functional leadership. Build and manage a team of Analysts, Data Scientists, BI Developers, and Data Engineers that performs analyses and builds data products. Mentor and develop growth plans for those on the team. Build rapport and manage relationships with engineering, product, design, and other business stakeholders throughout the company. Weigh the priorities of our Product leaders to inform the Data & Analytics roadmap. Promote visibility into the work of the data team to demonstrate the value of data-driven decision-making. Collaborate with product teams and business units to identify and prioritize value creation opportunities. Requirements: 5+ years experience leading data teams, with experience managing managers 4+ years experience performing advanced analytics using structured and unstructured data. Solid conceptual understanding of methods in analytics and data science. Understanding of common roadblocks and technical challenges. Experience with SQL and Python/R. Proficiency in math, statistics, economics, engineering (or sociology/psychology with strong quantitative background) or a related field. Experience identifying, prioritizing, and getting buy-in for data opportunities within a large, rapidly growing organization. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.