Western Digital® We deliver the possibilities of data. YOU define what’s possible. Western Digital is seeking a Senior Quality Program Manager who will manage our sustaining platform programs with focus on field performance, post production release changes and qualifications. This is an expanded role not only encompassing Sustaining Quality Program Management responsibility, this candidate will play a major role in defining and implementing new quality management systems within the business unit. The candidate shall have a strong understanding of quality systems and manufacturing, with an assertive and innovative approach to implement and refine the quality system as this business expands. The candidate shall be highly organized and methodical, and shall work interactively with cross-functional teams to ensure best practices are implemented throughout the CTO manufacturing process. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Participate and represent Quality Assurance in all sustaining core team meetings Establish and track multiple program post production change activities as the product transitions through manufacturing, EOL and warranty support Set up comprehensive requirements and quality systems to insure product and process readiness from IQA through final product inspection / customer shipments and field performance monitoring Present and report the quality program readiness to executive management. React to and establish quality corrective action plans to meet to meet the aggressive business needs Provide training and support to QA and Manufacturing teams Monitor manufacturing quality data based on the established systems and customer requirements QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in related field with 10+ years of Program Management Experience Good understanding of ISO quality systems related to manufacturing and quality In-depth understanding of manufacturing process quality controls and manufacturing qualification requirements Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Strong written and verbal communication, presentation and organizational skills Experience with customer interaction to support customer visits and audits ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL Western Digital Corporation is the world’s largest data storage company with a leading portfolio of HGST, SanDisk, G-Technology and WD brands covering flash and disk-based solutions. Deployed by the largest and most prominent organizations worldwide, Western Digital solutions are everywhere, touching lives and enabling great value from the data they possess. Western Digital is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. Western Digital does not unlawfully discriminate and complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO Is The Law poster: Equal Employment Opportunity Is The Law. Western Digital participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information click here. Este empleador participa in E-Verify.