Overview Fairview Health Services is looking for a Integration Developer position in our Fairview corporate location in Minneapolis, MN. This is a full-time position working day hours, Monday thru Friday. The Integration Developer under specific or general direction participates in design, development, documentation, testing, and maintenance of integration solutions that support mission critical clinical and business processes for existing and new healthcare software applications. Works effectively with the team and be accountable to the team. Tracks and communicates development project status, dependencies, and risks to the project team and leadership. Responsibilities/Job Description Stay current with new technologies and industry best practices to leverage the assessment, design, testing, implementation and support of new and existing solutions. Provide expertise on assigned domains or assigned assets (to include interrelationships with other systems, applications and technology) to identify opportunities to leverage new technologies and improve processes. Work with the business and across technology to analyze complex business requirements then manage the design or redesign of complex integration solutions. Advise on viability and feasibility of alternative approaches. Participate in the selection, implementation of technology solutions, tools, methodologies, standards and best practices. Follow adopted methodologies and standards to ensure project adherence with standards and practices. Maintain up-to-date business domain knowledge and technical skills in applicable applications, technologies and methodologies. Work effectively in a team environment to ensure that the solution deliver is on time, within cost estimates and delivers the benefits and value identified. Establish and maintain effective working relationship with business partners and project teams. Assists in analysis, technical design, and issue triage for the development, implementation, and support of interfaces. Working closely with project managers, application teams, and technical teams to ensure that interfaces function efficiently and effectively. Demonstrated understanding of HL7 messaging standards and message structure, enterprise level interface integration platforms leveraging Rhapsody, Cloverleaf (or other integration platform) and expertise in building general event-based real-time interfaces. Configure and support interfaces in an Epic environment and background utilizing Bridges, HL7, XML, X12, JavaScript, Python and Web Services (APIs) to integrate multiple systems. Understand and assists team in all phases of integration projects through Discovery, Estimation, Design, Analysis, Development, Testing and Implementation. Utilize applications knowledge to leverage the design and detailed specifications definition for new and existing applications/programs. Write new program code based on defined specifications following programming standards. Modify code, test and troubleshoot existing programs adhering to standards, procedures, and change management practices. Maintain integrity of existing program logic according to specifications; complete deliverables using the Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC). Partner with the business and project team to gather requirements and fully understand project goals, then use this information to plan and assist in development process. Participate in project design walkthroughs. Evaluate dependencies between applications and design for effective interfaces. Proactively review areas for corrective action in response to production support issues as required. Participates in code review process to ensure development work adheres to standards and specifications. Write and/or revise system design documentation and operations documentation to include providing required input into operation support manuals and user guides. Create and properly archive all project related documentation. Effectively unit tests code prior to being released to the quality assurance team. Resolve all unit test issues in a timely manner. Assist the quality assurance team in identifying test cases and in creating/mining test data to enable a thorough test of all development deliverables. Respond to all inquiries and issues in a timely manner as the developed code/program moves through the testing process and into production. Improve applications by identifying enhancements to optimize performance, reliability, and resource consumption. Track standards exceptions to ensure they are addressed in a planful and timely manner. Evaluate, troubleshoot, and partake in root-cause analysis for production issues and system failures; provide suggestions for corrective action and improvements to prevent recurrence. Provide implementation/production support as required. Maintain up-to-date skills in software development technologies and a broad understanding of the business, business needs, and how applications support the business. Provide knowledge in the selection and implementation of development tools and best practices. Establish and maintain productive working relationships with business partners and project teams. Proactively share knowledge and collaborate with IT teams to ensure quick and effective responses to customer needs. Maintain up-to-date business domain knowledge and technical skills in software development technologies and methodologies. Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, information systems or combination of education and related work experience 2+ years of experience coding in relevant programming languages (specific required languages will vary by position). 2-4 years of IT application experience Demonstrated experience coding and designing in multiple environments. Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Demonstrated analytical critical thinking skills for process development or problem resolution. Demonstrated working knowledge and expertise of healthcare processes and application system coordination. Demonstrated knowledge of database structure and working practice of reporting techniques and tools. Experience developing and supporting interfaces in an Epic environment and background utilizing healthcare EDI standards to integrate multiple systems. The ability to understand all phases of integration projects through Discovery, Estimation, Design, Analysis, Development, Testing and Implementation. Experience with different message protocols including SFTP, SOAP, RESTful, HTTPS, and MLLP Respond to end user questions, problems and requests and provides 24/7 secondary support as part of team rotation. Understanding of core IT infrastructure components including desktop/server-class hardware, software, network and telephony Working experience on Unix/AIX platform Must have experience with requirements gathering, analysis, design and development of EDI X12/HL7 interfaces Demonstrated knowledge of ability to translate customer's high-level requirements into technical specifications for the IT organization and manage changes to such specifications Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or Associate degree with 2 years of related work experience Experience within the Healthcare IT Industry Supports standardization of documentation and processes Working experience of requires following change management process Collaborates in team environments and independently with vendors, business partners and IT teams on projects, support, application development and standardization Assists as technical resource for business partners and users in creating requirements and specification creation Collaborates with business and facility leadership on development of integration standardization Experience building integration solutions using SOAP and RESTful Web Services, Object Oriented programming languages (e.g. C, Java), JavaScript, and must be skilled in common algorithms and data structures, database concepts and design, SQL and a data access language. Experience with Epic Interconnect and Epic Bridges knowledge is preferred. Demonstrated understanding of information system security fundamentals and principals, including security protocols, encryption and access management to ensure adherence to regulatory/compliance requirements Knowledge of business workflow and associated terminologies, and the ability to document them with industry standard tools such as Visio or PowerPoint Ability to work with customers and vendors to analyze problems, determine appropriate courses of action, and identify root causes and resolutions Rhapsody Professional Certification OR Cloverleaf Certification Epic Bridges Certification