In addition to the responsibilities listed below, this position is responsible for building middleware solutions.Some of the unique challenges this position will face include troubleshooting across heterogeneous environments and understanding and communicating about the different layers of technology involved. Essential Responsibilities: Completes work assignments and supports business-specific projects by applying expertise in subject area; supporting the development of work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; ensuring team follows all procedures and policies; coordinating and assigning resources to accomplish priorities and deadlines; collaborating cross-functionally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating high priority issues or risks, as appropriate; and recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities. Practices self-development and promotes learning in others by proactively providing information, resources, advice, and expertise with coworkers and customers; building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; influencing others through technical explanations and examples; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; providing feedback to others and managers; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and develop weaknesses; supporting team collaboration; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. As part of the IT Engineering job family, this position is responsible for leveraging DEVOPS, and both Waterfall and Agile practices, to design, develop, and deliver resilient, secure, multi-channel, high-volume, high-transaction, on/off-premise, cloud-based solutions. Provides insight into recommendations for technical solutions that meet design and functional needs. Translates business requirements and functional specifications into physical program designs, code modules, stable application systems, and software solutions by partnering with Business Analysts and other team members to understand business needs and functional specifications. Assists in identification of specific interfaces, methods, parameters, procedures, and functions, as required, to support technical solutions. Leads systems' incident support and troubleshooting for complex and non-complex issues. Supports component integration testing (CIT) and user acceptance testing (UAT) for application initiatives by providing triage, attending test team meetings, keeping the QC up-to-date, performing fixes and unit testing, providing insight to testing teams in order to ensure the appropriate depth of test coverage, and supporting the development of proper documentation. Builds and maintains trusting relationships with internal customers and third party vendors to ensure the alignment, buy-in, and support of diverse project stakeholders. Reviews and validates technical specifications and documentation. Identifies specific interfaces, methods, parameters, procedures, and functions to support technical solutions while incorporating architectural designs. Collaborates with architects and/or software consultants to ensure functional specifications are converted into flexible, scalable, and maintainable solution designs. Provides implementation and post-implementation triage and support of business software solutions by programming and/or configuring enhancements to new or packaged-based systems and applications. Reviews and makes changes to technical specifications and documentation. Develops and executes unit testing to identify application errors and ensure software solutions meet functional specifications. Writes technical specifications and documentation. Ensures new and existing software solutions are developed with insight into industry best practices, strategies, and architectures. Builds partnerships with IT teams and vendors to ensure written code adheres to company architectural standards, design patterns, and technical specifications. Leads, mentors, and trains other technical resources to develop software applications. Develops, configures, or modifies basic to moderately complex integrated business and/or enterprise application solutions within various computing environments by designing and coding component-based applications using programming languages. Participates and coaches others in all software development lifecycle phases by applying and sharing an in-depth understanding of company and industry methodologies, policies, standards, and controls. Assists with project estimation throughout the PLC. Develops and maintains specialist knowledge of database concepts, object and data modeling techniques and design principles, and a detailed knowledge of database architectures, software, and facilities. Analyses data requirements to establish, modify, or maintain object/data models. Evaluates potential solutions, demonstrating, installing, and commissioning selected products. Takes responsibility for the accessibility, retrievability, and security of specific subsets of information. Provides advice on the transformation of information from one format/medium to another, where appropriate. Maintains and implements information handling procedures. Enables the availability, integrity, and search ability of information through the application of formal data structures and protection measures. Manipulates specific data from information services to satisfy local or specific information needs.