Audit Project Manager - Data Governance-180030877 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. U.S. Bank Corporate Audit Services (CAS) is seeking a strong candidate to join our growing team of audit professionals. The candidate would audit a variety of Data Governance related projects (Enterprise Data Governance, Basel Data Management, Stress Testing Data Management, Regulatory Reporting etc.) that support execution of the Audit Committee’s approved plan, and provide Senior Management with recommendations to strengthen key business processes. The Corporate Audit Services Audit Project Manager is primarily responsible for supervising staff in the completion of audit engagements with minimal supervision from managers, however there are no direct reports. The Audit Project Manager is expected to monitor progress of audit engagements against plan and schedule, assess work performed by the audit engagement team, and provide coaching and on-the-job training for team members to ensure engagements are completed in conformance with internal audit policies and procedures. Responsibilities: 1\. Leads complex audit planning activities, including cross-functional relationship building and communications. 2\. Evaluates business process narratives/flowcharts, risk assessments, and control descriptions. 3\. Completes and/or supervises control design review and effectiveness testing, including extensive use of data profiling and control validation. 4\. Identifies potential issues and effectively communicates with business line and audit management. 5\. Drafts the audit findings and audit report. 6\. Collaborates with the audit team on continuous monitoring communications with senior management and other key stakeholders. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience Seven to ten years of experience in an applicable risk management environment Applicable certifications Preferred Skills/Experience Working understanding of data governance concepts and implementation, including data lineage, metadata, data governance tools, data quality measurement and associated risks and controls. Working knowledge of data architectures and strategies, including risks and controls when implementing a data lake and analytics environment. Knowledge of Financial Service Industry Practices, including regulatory reporting, Basel III, BCBS-239 and Stress Testing requirements. Capability to analyze project risks and document feedback Proven ability to understand complex systems and test data quality requirements using an audit software tool, such as ACL, SAS or IDEA. Professional Certification as CISA, CPA, CIA, PMP or MBA. Job Risk/Compliance/QC/Audit/Fraud Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Shift 1st - Daytime Travel Yes, 10 % of the Time Average Hours Per Week 40