Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division Corporate Information Technology (IT) partners with each division in KLA- Tencor to develop, engage and promote global enterprise solution leading the way with innovations which meet the business’ needs. IT is responsible for delivering consultative services in support of our world-wide design engineering teams to meet our strategic objectives of bringing new products to market Better, Faster, and Cheaper. As a part of the development team, your technical leadership is critical for providing solutions to technical and strategic challenges to current and future business processes as well as ongoing functional enhancements. Responsibilities Use web technologies to build business/Productivity applications on Microsoft O365 platform. Train end users on various features and use cases of SharePoint and Other O365 applications. Develop quality code as per the best practices and prepare good documentation. Work effectively and independently on assigned projects and enhancement requests. Resolve support tickets and provide end to end resolution on issues. Preferred Qualifications BS or MS in IT-related discipline (Computer Science, Engineering, etc.) Good grasp of HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript, jQuery and Responsive Design Familiarity with modern JS frameworks like ReactJS or Angular Solid Understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Knowledge of relational or NoSQL databases Self-Starter attitude Ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Good communication and interpersonal skills. Good sense of User Interface design (UI/UX) Minimum Qualifications BS or MS in IT-related discipline (Computer Science, Engineering, etc.) Good grasp of HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript, jQuery and Responsive Design Familiarity with modern JS frameworks like ReactJS or Angular Solid Understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Knowledge of relational or NoSQL databases Self-Starter attitude Ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Good communication and interpersonal skills. Good sense of User Interface design (UI/UX) Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.