In 2007, in a rental apartment in Columbus, Ohio DiscoverOrg had the vision of building the world’s foremost sales enablement tool. To get there our CEO Henry Schuck maxed out his credit card and with his co-founder borrowed every dime they could find. By 2012, DiscoverOrg had grown to 35 employees and $5 million of revenue. Since then, we’ve taken funding from Global Private Equity firms like TA Associates and The Carlyle Group, and grown to over $100M+ in annualized revenue. However, we’ve been careful not to lose the culture that has made us strong. We’re lean, we’re nimble, we’re passionate and we’re changing the lives of salespeople and business development representatives all over the world. We make mistakes, we are humble, and we are data driven. Here’s your chance to help us pioneer a new function at one of the country’s fastest growing technology companies. The Research team at DiscoverOrg provides the most accurate, up to date, and relevant leads in the market today. We accomplish this by coming in everyday, giving 100%, and truly believing that “No Bad Data” is not just a motto, but is the reason for DiscoverOrg’s success! Responsibilities Here's what a typical day will look like as a Corporate Research Analyst: Research required information primarily through outbound phone calls and online resources. Prepare source data for entry by compiling and organizing data and researching incomplete or unclear information. Writing concise summaries of vital information collected from verbal or written sources. Ensure accurate entry of data into a proprietary web-based portal. Verify entered data by reviewing, deleting, or modifying data. Maintain customer confidence and protect operations by maintaining confidentiality. Maintain accurate documentation of sources and collected data. Qualifications You are likely a great fit for this role if you have: Comfortable conducting outbound phone calls. Bonus Points: Previous call center experience is a plus, however this is not your average call center! Possess excellent computer and research skills. Able to establish priorities and work independently with little supervision. Maintain a high level of accuracy while balancing changes in workload. Able to type at least 50 WPM. Bonus Points: Inbound phone calls, outbound phone calls, call center, customer service, customer facing retail, or research Benefits We offer an attractive benefits plan with health benefits that include three medical coverage options, vision and dental coverage – HSA, FSA, 401(k) with employer match, paid parental leave, paid time off, paid sick leave, short- term and long-term disability, life insurance, and AD&D; insurance. Why You Should Join DiscoverOrg: A 7-time honoree of the Inc. 5000 fastest growing private companies Only company to win FOUR company CODiE awards in the same year A three time recipient of the Deloitte Fast 500 award Headquartered in Vancouver Has been profitable for the past 10 years Was named the 2017 Growth Company of the Year at the Oregon Technology Awards Is the industry bellwether with award winning products Supported by an award winning Learning and Development team Is led by an EY Entrepreneur of the Year finalist Has an impressive 4.7 star rating on Glassdoor Is honored to be a 2017 Fortune Magazine Best Workplaces , and Finally, is recognized as a 2017 Inc. Magazine Top 50 Best Workplaces