About the team Zillow’s Artificial Intelligence team builds prediction models and big data systems for Zestimates, personalization engines, search ranking, computer vision, targeted advertising, and many other cutting-edge analytic products that power Zillow’s industry leading online marketplace. We empower the analytics and product teams across the Zillow Group's brands to provide insights about the real-estate agents and people who use our product to grow the premier agent business, increase sales efficiency, and build end-to-end user experiences. Learn more about what we are doing at https://www.zillow.com/engineering and https://www.zillow.com/data-science About the role Zillow is seeking an exceptional Senior Product Manager for the Computer Vision & Deep Learning team. The team is staffed with researchers, engineerings, and designers working on initiatives that range from building immersive 3D experiences for buyers & renters to training deep learning valuation models for the Zestimate. As a Senior Product Manager you will work with researchers, engineers, product, sales, and marketing teams across Zillow Group brands to enable people to walk through a home, better understand a home’s value, and help integrate cutting edge deep learning techniques across our products. Lead the vision, strategy and execution for the Computer Vision & Deep Learning team Partner with internal teams to gather data requests and translate them into concrete requirements; partner with engineering teams to deliver on those requirements Analyze, remove, and prevent roadblocks across teams to meet quality standards, project deadlines and business goals Iterate quickly and test new ideas - analyze results Leadership capabilities to inspire and lead the team while moving quickly to deliver on business goals and effectively communicate across various partners. Work with Applied Scientists to build prediction models Manage project plans, schedule commitments and ensure plans are integrated and aligned to overall organizational and business strategy Who you are Experience defining product vision and strategy Using a metrics driven product development approach Creating product specifications, user scenarios, and preliminary concepts Experience partnering with engineering teams to deliver products Comfortable with quick iterateration and experimentation Creative problem solving skills, analytical thinker and passion for new technology Experience working with data & deploying machine learning models at scale Experience with core machine learning & statistic concepts. Knowledge of deep learning concepts a plus. Knowledge of AWS technologies such as Amazon Redshift, Hadoop, Hive, and Presto. Experience with Spark, Python, and Scala a plus. The ability to work in a fast-paced, agile and collaborative cross-team environment Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (Computer Science preferred) Get to know us Zillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help. Zillow is part of Zillow Group, whose mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._