Transforming the future of healthcare isn’t something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact. As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities. Here at Change Healthcare, we’re using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life. If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all. Empower Your Future. Make a Difference. Transforming the future of healthcare isn’t something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact. As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities. Here at Change Healthcare, we’re using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life. If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all. Summary: The Change Healthcare Value Based Payment (VBP) team is searching for a skilled individual to fill the role of a Full-Stack Software Developer. This individual will contribute to the top growing product within Change Healthcare. The innovative VBP solution leverages cutting-edge Azure services to solve business challenges faced by the world’s largest healthcare systems. This individual will be part of the full stack development team that consists of multi-talented developers, who enjoy the variety, challenges, and learning opportunities that this job offers. Join our expanding team in King of Prussia to change healthcare systems that enables better patient care. Duties and Responsibilities: Create ETL processes to transform health care claims data for ingestion into our analysis engine. Enhance existing analysis engine code and create new engines using C. Help to define and assess deliveries of healthcare claims data from our clients. Design and implement enhancements to our web-based data visualization tool. Contribute to improving all our processes across the board. Stay abreast of open tasks and help to groom backlogged tasks. Work closely with the business and analysis teams to understand requirements and help produce software estimates. Participate in code reviews and provide guidance to other developers. Assist in evaluating innovative technologies that may be helpful to the team. Help to define testing strategies to assure the accuracy of our analysis. Critical Qualifications/Must Have Skills: 3+ years of experience in ASP.NET MVC, HTML and JavaScript 3+ years of experience SQL and ETL skills 3+ years of programming experience with C Additional Skills & Knowledge/Nice to Have: Experience with agile methodologies Exceptional troubleshooting skills to root cause complex issues Fanatical devotion to producing consistent, accurate analysis results Previous healthcare claims knowledge Experience with Business Intelligence software Experience with Massively Parallel Processing technology. Experience with cloud platforms, such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services. Education : BS in CS or equivalent related experience Benefits & Company Statement Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We are a key catalyst of a value-based healthcare system working alongside our customers and partners to accelerate the journey towards improved lives and healthier communities. We provide software and analytics, network solutions and technology-enabled services that help our customers obtain actionable insights, exchange mission- critical information, control costs, optimize revenue opportunities, increase cash flow and effectively navigate the shift to value-based healthcare. Our solutions enable improved efficiencies and insights for all major stakeholders across the healthcare system, including commercial and governmental payers, employers, hospitals, physicians and other providers, laboratories and consumers. Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities. Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. Agency Statement No agencies please. Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!