Position Description Member of the Ally Supply Chain team supporting in delivering services to the lines of the business and participating in the identification and management of supplier risk. These activities will involve negotiating contracts and statements of work and the completion of risk assessments for suppliers providing various goods and services through established Corporate acquisition processes. Primary support focus will be related to IT Infrastructure and related IT services. Assists manager and advises less experienced Supply Chain staff. Analyzes data and recommends enhancements and various process management needs for Supply Chain and Ally. Identifies audit related issues. Ability to initiate and execute small to medium scale projects. Manages relationships with customers and suppliers. Collaborate with lines of business to deliver best in industry value when fulfilling requests for goods and managing suppliers and supplier risk as part of the supply chain team. Support the enablement of contracts in the Ariba contract repository. Support the management of contracts and supplier risk assessment, initiate contract amendments, renewals and terminations. Support the management of users, suppliers, and initiate improvement opportunities. Job Responsibilities Responsible for sourcing and contracting activities in support of the various IT Lines of business. Identify and collaborate with internal resources with experience in various categories/supplier relationships, including support partners, other Sourcing Managers, Supplier Management team members, etc. Develop and maintain strong working relationships with internal business partners. Lead multiple projects as an individual contributor. Manage/facilitate effective fact-based negotiation strategies to maximize contract benefits and risk mitigation. Execute contracts with approved terms and conditions. Work with business units to maximize compliance and optimize spend against established contracts and supplier programs. Support the management of relationships with suppliers and the constructive handling or resolution of issues and disputes. Support oversight of working relationships with key preferred suppliers. Supports and enables supplier risk management activities within the Lines of Business. Raises/ resolves issues and improvement opportunities. Create an environment that encourages innovation, integrity and teamwork. Qualifications 0-2 years of sourcing & contracting experience with focus on IT related goods and services. Bachelor Degree or equivalent work experience required. Advanced experience with Microsoft Office Suite Strong written and verbal communication skills with an ability to communicate effectively across business levels (both vertically and horizontally) Ability to support multiple assignments and stakeholders, prioritize workload for self, and coordinate with teammates to meet deadlines. Ability to organize data and exercise effective problem-solving skills. Ability to build strong relationships with internal business partners and experience working with multiple business partners in a collaborative and team-oriented manner. Comfortable working in an evolving and dynamic environment Flexible and can work independently and in a team environment Detail-oriented, energetic, motivated, and action-oriented Ally Overview Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering financial products for consumers, businesses, automotive dealers and corporate clients. Ally's legacy dates back to 1919, and the company was redesigned in 2009 with a distinctive brand, innovative approach and relentless focus on its customers. Ally has an award-winning online bank (member FDIC), one of the largest full service auto finance operations in the country, a complementary auto-focused insurance business, a growing digital wealth management and online brokerage platform, and a trusted corporate finance business offering capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies. Business Unit/Enterprise Function Finance strives to be a trusted adviser to the enterprise and prides itself on maintaining the highest level of integrity and accountability. Finance is responsible for finance reporting, financial analysis, accounting, strategy and planning, tax and investor relations. Total Rewards Information Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and bonus pay potential based on achieving personal and company goals. Plus, we have a flexible paid time-off program with an emphasis on work-life balance. Ally offers a variety of benefits to protect your health and well-being, provide financial security and balance your work-life needs including: Industry-leading 401K Retirement Savings Plan including Matching and Company Contributions Comprehensive wellness program with financial incentives designed to help you achieve your best health Flexible health insurance options including dental and vision Pre-tax Health Savings Account with generous employer contributions Pre-tax dependent care and commuter benefits Other work-life integration benefits including Paid Parental & Caregiver Leave, Adoption Assistance, Back-up Child & Adult/Elder Care, Child Care Discounts, Tuition Reimbursement, LifeMatters Employee Assistance Program, Weight Watchers and other employee discount programs Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.