Job Description Leasing Coordinator Primary Purpose of Position: Coordinate various leasing activities including generating and analyzing market update reports, tracking leasing activities, coordinating property tours, coordinating quarterly income budgets, designing and compiling marketing materials and publications, leading/organizing marketing/broker events, assisting with the lease transaction process, and managing the Leasing Status Database and other internal proprietary leasing databases. Manage marketing projects. Essential Functions: Manage the creative conception and production of office and retail property marketing materials, advertising, brochures, property leasing signs, publications and fliers for existing and new developments. Oversee all aspects of broker events including site location, invitation creation, RSVP tracking, coordination of caterer and running on-site events. Manage and update existing property websites as well as the creation of new websites as needed Manage the lease execution process to ensure internal sign-offs prior to execution and distribution of executed leases. Coordinate tours for prospective tenants as directed by the Leasing team, including arranging access with existing tenants, and inspecting/prepping vacant spaces prior to each tour as needed. Develop and edit lease proposals and reports from limited information with guidance from Senior Vice President and Leasing team members. Calculate Net Effective Rents (NERs) using the Company software for pending and completed lease transactions. Assist in the development and execution of programs, materials and broker gifts for brokerage community. Work with outside vendors (i.e., Costar, etc.) and listing brokers to maintain portfolio information and keep up to date on real estate marketing trends. Maintain library of floor plans and CAD files for the properties, and coordinate updates with applicable architects as needed. Assist in the creation of various Leasing Department reports and other documents including weekly leasing updates, annual business plans, and periodic local real estate news updates for distribution to Senior and Executive Management. Create and monitor the Leasing Department annual marketing budget for building brochures, new photography, brokerage events, CoStar subscription, industry association memberships and other miscellaneous marketing expenses, including processing of all related invoices for payment. Maintain and manage the Leasing Assumptions/Lease Card Database by gathering the input information from the leasing staff, making sure the rent roll is up to date at all times and coordinating with the Boston office to make sure their information is current. Assemble market information as needed for report/review by leasing team, Senior and Executive Management Draft brokerage, confidentiality and license agreements or other legal documents as needed. Assist the SVP, Leasing in preparing data for the quarterly board reports. Facilitate the creation and updating of building stacking charts and essential building information. Manage the commission database and payment of such commissions and other associated Leasing Department payments. Maintain contact database of commercial and retail brokers. Non-Essential Functions: Perform other duties as assigned. Requirements and Qualifications: BA/BS degree required. A minimum of 1 to 3 years of related experience in leasing, brokerage, or marketing preferred. Demonstrated strong financial aptitude required. Demonstrated ability to handle multiple projects and details simultaneously. Strong organizational skills with ability to set priorities and meet deadlines. Demonstrated ability to determine needs and achieve results without close supervision. Ability to effectively interface with all departments of the Company and to represent the Company in a highly professional manner. Superior oral and written communications skills. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency with Microsoft Office products to include Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Proficiency with database packages (i.e. Access) and graphics packages (i.e. Quark, PhotoShop, etc.) Ability to gather information, research data and make appropriate recommendations and/or interpretations. Physical Requirements: Involves work of a general office nature usually performed sitting such as answering the phone and operation of a computer. Involves work of a general office nature usually performed standing such as operation of a photocopier and a fax machine. Involves movement between departments to facilitate workflow. Involves work such as visiting lease premises, customers and service providers usually performed by walking, and by climbing stairs.