Audubon Companies is currently seeking a Document Control Administrator to join our team in our Houston, TX office. The Document Control Administrator will assist in maintaining project documentation files consisting of technical data, engineering and supplier drawings, technical specifications, purchase orders and other project-required documents. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Assists in maintaining project documentation files consisting of technical data, engineering and supplier drawings, technical specifications, purchase orders and other project-required documents Maintains efficient paper and electronic filing system and ensures quick retrieval of requested documents. Performs project document control activities such as ECN (Engineering Change Notice), managing the distribution matrix for release and control of project and vendor documentation, initiating, monitoring and logging squad checks. Enters data from various sources into EDMS (Electronic Data Management System). Ensures data integrity by verifying input. Creates, runs and distributes standard periodic reports to communicate follow-up requirements and to summarize reports. Prepares forms and transmittals and distributes data as directed. Verifies information as requested. Provides administrative assistance by copying documents, retrieving office supplies, filing, etc. Interfaces with reproduction department for required reproduction associated with copy and distribution requirements per project procedures. Processes and maintains revision history of supplier, vendor, and sub-contractor drawings, documents and data -- electronic and paper format. EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIREMENTS High school diploma or GED. Additional specialized courses in database management preferred. Some experience in an office environment with knowledge of general office practices and procedures and an understanding of the organization related to the work. Experience in a project management or engineering environment preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Ability to pay close attention to details. Proficient in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. ABOUT AUDUBON Client-focused. People-powered. Safety-driven. The Audubon Family of companies provides professional consulting solutions to the energy industry. For almost 20 years, our proven reputation for operational excellence and dedication to client satisfaction has helped us become a leading service provider to some of the biggest names in oil and gas. Our team of over 1,000 of the country's top professionals can deliver a full range of consulting services, from EPCM to field solutions and operational support. At Audubon, we are always growing, though we never lose sight of our commitment to excellence. Our focus on flexibility and our demand for unsurpassed quality control over continue to guide our growth as they have since our inception. We realize that service goes beyond plugging in a professional skill set. Service means flexibility. Service means understanding and solving project challenges in dynamic environments. Service means communication. We pride ourselves on providing the service of the quality, which allows us to implement efficient solutions that deliver immediate value and long-term returns. Our dedication to people requires an equal dedication to safety. Our rigorous safety program helps us maintain a safe and incident-free work environment from the desktop to the pipeline trench. Our people drive the quality and efficiency that have established Audubon as a leader in the oil and gas industry -- their growth and safety are at the core of our business. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled