ROLE SUMMARY This entry level position provides administrative support at the Corporate Offices. Position requires proven administrative and computer skills with a high level of accuracy and attention to detail. Successful candidate will demonstrate initiative, problem solving and multitasking skills. Requires the ability to maintain strict confidentiality, professionalism and discretion at all times. This position reports to the VP of Finance as a part of the Finance Department. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provides administrative and clerical duties required on the job, including faxing, scanning, processing daily mail, correspondence, word processing and excel spreadsheets. Answers phones, records messages and provides follow up, as needed. Processes DOT paperwork for new hires including: run MVR; build IPMS profile; request VOE; etc. Manages upcoming due/expired documents in IPMS and communicates with field leadership to obtain replacements. Maintains Comdata database of employees with fuel cards and orders replacements as needed. Creates weekly reports for usage and investigates irregularities. Records expenses and enters receipts in Concur system for Vice President. Orders office supplies as needed. Orders company shirts and business cards as appropriate. Interfaces with Safety software to track training and inspections. Other duties as assigned. Maintains a high standard of ethical behavior, encourages ethical behavior in others, supports ethical decisions and actively seeks appropriate resolution to potential ethical conflicts. Responsible for practicing safe work standards and promoting an Incident and Injury Free (IIF) work environment as a condition of employment. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS High School Diploma or G.E.D and a minimum of 1-2 years’ experience as an admin in the construction industry. A valid driver’s license is required. Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook) is required. Adobe Acrobat (Professional). DESIRED CHARACTERISITICS Ability to effectively communicate and coordinate job related information, project tracking and completion timelines, and interface with managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. _OTHER INFORMATION_ _SAFETY RESPONSIBILITIES:_ Safety is a shared responsibility of all Edison Power Constructors Inc. employees, therefore employees are required to follow safety standards, policies and procedures set forth by the Company in addition to complying with all occupational safety, health and environmental laws mandated by relevant local, state, and federal laws or regulations. If you have questions regarding safety, please contact a safety representative immediately. _PHYSICAL DEMANDS:_ The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform this role. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job duties. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, use hands, fingers, handle, or feel: reach with hands and arms; and talk, hear. The employee is frequently required to stand and walk. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. _WORK ENVIRONMENT:_ The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the job duties. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this role. The noise level in the work environment is usually a quiet office environment although job site and customer visits may include extreme cold, extreme heat, dusty, dirty, loud environments that require walking on unstable ground and around large equipment.