Who We Are DreamLine is a leading global manufacturer and distributor of high quality shower doors, tub doors, shower enclosures and acrylics shower bases. We are passionate about smart and visionary design delivering affordable luxury bathroom solutions to the bath and shower marketplace. We are a fast-growing forward-thinking organization, that puts talent first. The Position Details We are seeking a Digital Marketing/Data Analyst to join our Digital Marketing department. The ideal candidate will think quantitatively, analytically and creatively. At least 3 years of experience in web analytics, Paid Search Analytics, Display Analytics, PPC/SEM, AdWords, Bing, etc. and social analytics, applying data-based findings to generate specific site and marketing campaign improvements. Excellent critical thinking skills and strong written and verbal communication. In-depth knowledge of Internet terminology, KPI creation, pathing and engagement analysis, and strong conversion testing experience are also needed. You have proven skills working with internal stakeholders to understand their business needs and respond with appropriate data driven recommendations. The key skill is an ability to not just measure and analyze but to provide insights for change and guidance for improvements, as well as associated marketing programs, campaigns, and processes. Job Responsibilities Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to define reporting requirements for the client's integrated marketing campaigns Serve as the subject matter expert in all Digital Analytics platforms, and optimization of data via customized, insights-oriented tagging implementation and project planning. Interact with development teams to provide implementation requirements Monitor tracking tags and routinely update tags Provide reports and dashboards with insights that drive change in the business Stay abreast of internet marketing industry and web/social analytics trends and best practices Lead efforts to research and evaluate new tools/capabilities in the analytics industry Perform ad-hoc analysis as necessary to answer business questions and drive decisions Serve as a liaison with partners to ensure success with a variety of projects Position Qualifications Bachelor's degree in an analytical discipline with related work experience in web analytics or data analysis Must be comfortable with new and changing technology in the digital marketing space 3+ years analytic experience with Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram metrics, email metrics, DSP Partner, Hootsuite, Marin Software, MediaMath, etc. Must be an expert with tagging implementation, administration, and reporting Understanding of campaign development process and ability to understand role of analytics within that process Very advanced proficiency in using Microsoft Excel and Word. Strong skills in PowerPoint Understanding of data visualization techniques Why you should Work for DreamLine Health, Dental and Vision Insurance 401(K) program with company match Short and long term disability program Paid Time Off Working in a state of the art facility with all the technology needed to succeed EOE M/F/D/V