We are now looking for an Applied Research Scientist (Deep Learning Algorithms): NVIDIA is searching for a researcher with a strong background in applied math or machine learning to join our Deep Learning Algorithms team. This team develops new algorithms for distributed and parallel training of large deep networks, and for fast real-time inference. You will collaborate with teams that develop new software libraries for machine learning and deep learning, and with teams which will apply your work to self-driving cars, drones and computer vision. What you'll be doing: Developing new algorithms and prototyping them for deep learning training and inference Apply your algorithms to computer vision and autonomous machines Transfer your technology to other software groups and product teams Collaborating with DL & AI Researchers in leading universities and industrial research labs Publish your original research. Present to conferences and customers. What we need to see: You have a MS or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field. Excellent knowledge of Optimization, Machine Learning, or Computational statistics with 4 or more years of applicable work or research experience. Strong mathematical background, especially in the optimization theory, stochastic algorithms, and/or numerical methods with a passion for solving hard math problems Strong C++ and Python programming skills Previous experience in Reinforcement Learning, Robotics, or Computer vision Track record of research excellence or significant product development. Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented, global team. Your history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a huge plus. GPU computing is the most productive and pervasive platform for deep learning and AI. It begins with the most advanced GPUs and the systems and software we build on top of them. We integrate and optimize every deep learning framework. We work with the major systems companies and every major cloud service provider to make GPUs available in data centers and in the cloud. And we create computers and software to bring AI to edge devices, such as self- driving cars and autonomous robots With deep learning, we can teach AI to do almost anything. New internet services, like Google Assistant, have learned speech from sound and provide a more natural way to access information. Self-driving cars use deep learning to recognize the space the car inhabits, the lanes in which it drives, and the objects it needs to avoid. In healthcare, neural networks trained with millions of medical images can find clues in MRIs that until now could only be found through invasive biopsies. These are just a few examples. AI will spur a wave of social progress unmatched since the industrial revolution. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of technology’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of identifying and optimizing the latest AI algorithms to help us grow into new and more pervasive verticals? If so, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning