Aufgaben Embedded in a worldwide network Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. continuously strives to remain at the forefront of successful automotive research and development. MBRDNA is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California since 1995, with key areas of Autonomous Driving, Advanced Interaction Design, Digital User Experience, Machine Learning, Customer Research, and Business Innovation. In Redford, Michigan, the focus is on powertrain and eDrive technology as well as in Long Beach, where the E-Mobility Group helps to shape the future of the North American market for hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric vehicles. The Testing and Regulatory Affairs Division in Ann Arbor and the Advanced Vehicle Design in Carlsbad complete the competence center. Together, all the developers, technicians, engineers and designers take on the challenges of creating the next innovation. They\rquote re inspired by the newest trends, find the best solutions for the customer, develop the latest and greatest technologies and create the next generation of connected, safe, sustainable and luxurious vehicles. Here at MBRDNA, we are looking for talented, energetic, and committed individuals to join our diverse team. Our employees are the key to our success, and we support each individual in fulfilling his or her potential. We proudly continue the pioneering work initiated by founders Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz over 125 years ago. Key & Responsibilities: Start Date: August 2018, 6+ month duration, 40 hours per week, must commit Create posters to visualize control algorithms for engine control module (ECM) and common powertrain controller (CPC) Create posters to visualize HIL plant model Define the template/format and generate test reports Qualifikationen Education & Experience Bachelor's or Master's degree majoring in automotive engineering, mechanical engineering, electric engineering, or mechatronics (senior level undergraduate or graduate student) Good academic records Automotive powertrain, IC engines Matlab scripts and Simulink modeling Windows Office