Hospice of the Valley is a national leader in hospice care and has been serving the Phoenix metropolitan area since 1977. A mission-driven, not-for- profit organization, Hospice of the Valley employs compassionate, skilled professionals who are committed to excellence, enjoy teamwork and contribute daily to our mission and culture of caring. Team members experience a friendly, supportive atmosphere, leadership support, autonomy, flexibility and the privilege of doing meaningful, rewarding work. Position Profile Under the general direction of the CIO, the Senior Information Security Analyst is responsible for ensuring data security within Hospice of the Valley. This position assures that information created, acquired or maintained by HOV, and its authorized users, is used in accordance with its intended purpose; to protect HOV information and its infrastructure from external or internal threats; and to assure that HOV complies with statutory and regulatory requirements regarding information access, security and privacy. Responsibilities § Coordinates the development of HOV information security policies, standards and practices to ensure systems are securely operated and supports compliance with external requirements. § Implements and monitors information security requirements, policies and compliance. Implements effective technology solutions that prevent internal and external users from compromising data integrity. Installs a variety of hardware devices and software solutions that ensure data protection. Installs software applications that filter network traffic to avoid unwanted intrusions. Creates or ensures different security levels, giving different credentials to users according to their clearance levels. Regularly backs up crucial information to physical and cloud-based devices. § Develops and implements an ongoing risk assessment program targeting information security and privacy matters; recommends methods for vulnerability detection and remediation and oversee vulnerability testing. Identifies risks by role, software, information type and other categories and defines acceptable and mitigation strategies. Documents and communicates policies, queries, vulnerabilities and current state of HOV's system. § Escalates security issues with designated leadership, proposes innovative solutions to these issues, establish update schedules, and configure scripts to make processes faster during deployments. § Engineers and constructs security infrastructure. § Defines and Creates security checks in the infrastructure that helps deter hackers, spyware, and other malware from being installed in a computer. § Trains and educates staff in proper computer use and provide tips on how to avoid data and system loss or corruption. § Keeps abreast of latest security and privacy legislation, regulations, advisories, alerts and vulnerabilities pertaining to HOV and its mission. § Leverages knowledge and experience with a variety of tools including IAM, DLP, IDS, IPS, VDS, SIEM etc. § Other activities as may be assigned which may or may not be security related. Minimum Qualifications § Bachelor's degree in information technology, systems security or a related field. § Minimum five years experience in information security, information technology or related field. Preferred Qualifications § Experience in developing and administering an information security program preferred. § Minimum of three years healthcare industry experience is preferred. § Industry certifications such as CISSP, CISA, CISM, CRISC EAP etc. is highly preferred. Hospice of the Valley offers competitive salaries and excellent benefits that include medical, dental and vision plans, generous paid time off, a matching 401k, tuition assistance, an award winning wellness program and a host of employee recognition and rewards. Employees also receive comprehensive orientation, training and development opportunities. Hospice of the Valley is an equal employment opportunity employer. EOE/M/F/D/V