Located in Seattle, WA, Virginia Mason is an internationally recognized leader in the continuous improvement of health care. With an extensive list of awards and distinctions that includes our recognition as Top Hospital of the Decade by The Leapfrog Group, Virginia Mason offers you the opportunity to partner with exceptionally talented peers at every level. You will contribute to the strength of our Team Medicine approach to collaborative medicine and benefit from the changes enacted through our Virginia Mason Production System, a model that has transformed health care by providing patients with easier access to care, reducing errors, and continuously innovating patient safety and quality that has been adopted by other organizations here and abroad. Join us, and find out how many ways Virginia Mason offers you the chance to focus on what really matters - our patients. We are looking for an experienced Application Engineer to join the innovative Clinical Information Systems team. We partner with Cerner to develop new solutions to enhance patient care and provider workflow, including Health Information Exchange, Patient Reported Metrics, and our award winning MyVirginiaMason patient portal. In this role, you will work side by side with our clinicians and team members, using our agile development, process to design, build, test, implement and support new Cerner functionality. The Application Engineer is responsible for the production support of Cerner Core functionality, such as Cerner Security, Health Maintenance, Organization/Location Build, Message Center, and Patient Portal. Because of the nature of the work, we are looking for individuals with a demonstrated ability to generate clear and thorough documentation on process and workflow. Concurrently, the demonstrated ability to work independently and follow build guides and documentation developed by teammates and others is part of success in this position. Aids/Enables quality patient care by providing project management, production support and service for those applications and platforms supported and managed by Virginia Masons IS department. Partners with other Information Systems/Technology teams, VMMC business units, external customers and vendors to maximize system availability, capacity, and functionality. Serves as resource for implementation, enhancement, and system integration initiatives. Provides tiered expertise in response to system incident and problem management. Develops materials and documentation on supported system elements, workflows, and processes. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent. Minimum of 4 years experience working with computers. A working knowledge of programming languages and database design. An understanding of PC, mainframe, and network technology. In-depth understanding of the client's business. Strong task management skills. Excellent communication skills. Strong analytical skills. Effective interpersonal skills. Ability to be flexible. Able to handle multiple tasks. Just as Virginia Mason is dedicated to improving the lives of our patients and our community, we are equally dedicated to your professional and personal success. With a wide range of perks that includes comprehensive compensation and benefits, continuing education and support, and the opportunity to live in one of the most livable cities in the country, you will find that an opportunity with Team Medicine is one worth taking. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. social