MORE ABOUT THIS JOB What We Do At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets . Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. Who We Look For Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. YOUR IMPACT Design infrastructure, tools, systems and flows to support the analytics and BI for the firms newly created consumer and commercial banking divisoin . Perform complex analysis, design and implementation of application platforms and architecture including estimating, planning, scheduling, execution and coordinator of agile projects. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS The Marcus Data Engineering team builds data-centric solutions that answer hard questions in innovative ways. The team works across all products and functions within Marcus, Goldman’s new consumer-facing digital bank. You will join a fast and dynamic team that uses modern big-data technologies to perform a number of data centric functions that range from measuring the performance of the Marcus business, to building customer acquisition strategies that directly impact the Marcus bottom line. Design and develop data ingest and transform processes Develop data visualizations using BI tools and web-based technologies Work as part of a global team using Agile software methodologies Partner with Marcus risk, product, acquisition and servicing teams Use Marcus data to drive change throughout the Marcus business Basic Qualifications Lead a local team of data engineers Proficient at Python, Spark and the Hadoop ecosystem Experience with SQL and relational databases 5+ years of full-time professional experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required Self-starter, motivated, and good communication skills ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.