Quality Manager Requisition ID : ( 18006500 ) Primary Location : United States-Texas-Austin Job Function : Engineering Job Posting Date : Jun 7, 2018, 5:30:45 PM Description The Site Quality Manager, in co-operation with the North American, World Area Quality Manager, leads the development, implementation and maintenance of the Engineering Center (EC) quality program for compliance to Process systems and Solutions (PSS) Quality Management System (QMS). Lead the Continuous Improvement Initiatives to enhance the project execution at the center to achieve "Flawless" project delivery to the customers. Promotes Project Management Office (PMO) processes, systems and tools to achive consistent and repeatable project management at the center.The Center Quality Manager manages the development and implemention of project quality plans, and works with project teams to drive solutions and services that will exceed customer satisfaction and drive the loyality of the customers. Responsibilities Develop and implement site specific procedures when required, jointly with other functional areas, to improve the existing Quality Management System. Implement Project Quality Assurance/Project Quality Control Activities on project in support of the perfect execution. Work with Proposal Group to address quality requirements on center based proposals. Support the continuous improvement initiatives of PSS and PMO to enhance the Center Quality Program. Manage quality audit function which validates the effectiveness of the Quality Management System and serve as a focal point for external audits such as; PSS, Customer, Registrars Audits. Analyze and report data which provides critical quality measures to all affected functions. Participate, contribute and support North American quality initiatives by attending the weekly quality meetings. Ensure effective communication with customers, suppliers, auditors, inspectors, and employees worldwide with respect to quality matters. Lead continuous improvement initiatives of EC processes. Solicit fresh ideas from all areas of the EC Coordinate & prioritize CI activities Monitor and report progress of CI activities Provide coaching, mentoring, guidance and training on CI techniques Execute CI projects. Promotion of quality mindset Initiate/manage quality related programs and initiatives Identify, develop and deliver quality related training to center resources Influence employees to use quality tools and methods Promote quality in relevant communication opportunities Departmental duties Hire, direct and develop staff in the quality function. Maintains departmental budget. Additional Information Relocation is not available for this position. Requirements 4-year Bachelors degree in Engineering or Applied Sciences with 10-12 years experience OR Certified Engineering Technologist or Registered Engineering Technologist designation with 12-15 years experience 5+ years experience in project quality role Familarity with Lean Techniques or Six Sigma Process Improvements, preferred Achievement of Lead Auditor/Assessor status to a International Standard Detailed knowledge experience with with ISO 9001 Standard Familarity with Control System Engineering and project execution is prefered Work Authorization No calls or agencies please. Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire. Equal Opportunity Employer Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment. If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com. About Emerson Imagine being surrounded by intelligent, driven, and passionate innovators all working toward the same goal—to create groundbreaking solutions that leave our world in a better place than we found it. Emerson is a global technology and engineering company providing innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and residential markets. Our Emerson Automation Solutions business helps process, hybrid, and discrete manufacturers maximize production, protect personnel and the environment while optimizing their energy and operating costs. Our Emerson Commercial and Residential Solutions business helps ensure human comfort and health, protect food quality and safety, advance energy efficiency, and create sustainable infrastructure. A dynamic environment is what you’ll discover at Emerson, a Fortune 500 company with $14.5 billion in sales and 155 manufacturing locations worldwide. Together, we’re changing the world, and we have all the resources to help you achieve your professional goals. Whether you’re an established professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring options, or recently received your MBA degree, you’ll find a variety of opportunities at Emerson. Join our team and start your journey today.