It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! _We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business._ Quality Lead Operations This position provides day to day direction and guidance to a team of call center Performance Coaches/Quality Assessors. The Quality Leader plans and evaluates work flow and coordinates work activities to achieve volumes expected to meet operational requirements. Based on established standards, this position will monitor staff performance and the daily application of organizational policies and procedures, provide feedback, coaching and ongoing development to meet client and corporate quality expectations. Implements, maintains and improves the Quality Business Management System through the implementation, training, and maintenance of Quality System processes, and interaction with internal and external clients/customers. Actively participates in the monitoring, measurement and improvement of the Quality System. The Quality Leader will recommend operational improvements. The position serves as a first line supervisor of 8 – 15 coaches; will provide input into hiring decisions and performance appraisals. Responsibilities · Monitors and manages absenteeism and punctuality · Prepares payroll documentation for subordinates · Oversees and manages effective use of personnel resources to insure service quality standards and budgetary scheduling standards are met · Conducts bi-monthly and monthly team meetings · Gathers and/or oversees collection of procedural and product information and documents · Assists with Business center training needs analysis and program development · Prepares various reports (fulfillment, correspondence, quality management, billing) · Formats standard letters for correspondence · Uses appropriate tools to manage and report nonconformance in document control processes · Communicates department and organizational objectives and goals to subordinates · Assesses individual training needs and ensure needs are met · Coaches subordinates on organizational standards and provides position training as required · Maximizes potential of subordinates using established performance management methods and may conduct or assist in formal performance evaluations · Monitors and ensures existence of supportive working environment(s) to promote high job satisfaction and morale · Manages departmental resources through effective recruiting, delegation and organization · Monitors team compliance to quality standards using established audit procedures and systems. - ?Inspection Trends, yes? · Holds weekly one-on-one coaching / feedback session with each rep on their team - ?Coach the Coach, yes? · Reports and communicates to Client and Internal Quality Manager, head of business unit and others on salient quality issues - ?Monthly Program Level performance/actions, yes? · Facilitates and/or participates in Internal/External Calibration, JCM’s and QRM’s · Particapte in Internal & Quarterly External Calibration. – Move to Register Coordinator · Perform coaching analysis on data collected from teams · Identifies agent needs and problem areas to provide peer feedback to team members · Ensure coaching mandates are met as outlined in our BMS. · Ensures the inspection process is completed as outlined in our BMS · Ensures compliance to our critical error process, as outlined in our BMS · Ensure compliance to our New Advisor observation completion Reporting Structure · This role will report to a Regional Quality Manager. Working Conditions · Call Centre, high-energy, fast-paced environment, changing and adapting business conditions. · Shifts include days, evenings and weekends. Minimum Qualifications Education/Knowledge: · High School or equivalent work and experience. · Good understanding of call center operations, metrics, and general procedures. · Good understanding of Quality practices and Calibration. Qualifications Desired Skills: • College degree preferred. Educational requirement may be substituted with equivalent industry-related business experience • High School Diploma or GED required • Minimum 2-3 year experience in a call center customer service environment or 1 year in a quality assurance role • Previous front-line experience in the program being supported is preferred • Working knowledge of applicable customer contact systems • Ability to use monitoring tools and reporting software/applications • Analytical and process improvement skills • Effective feedback and coaching skills • Excellent oral and written communications • Strong interpersonal skills / Performance-oriented • Sound organizational and team-building skills • Ability to respond to changing environment Concentrix is an equal opportunity employer. Concentrix evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability status or any other legally protected characteristic.