Does the following interest you? Conducting analyses of health care claims data to improve population health Conducting analyses to inform actions that will improve health and equity. Public Health – Seattle & King County is seeking an Epidemiologist II to: Conduct quantitative analyses using population health datasets, particularly health care claims. Identify key findings from these data analyses, and highlight those findings in data visualizations and narrative. About the Position: This position will be based in the Assessment, Policy Development and Evaluation (APDE) unit of Public Health-Seattle & King County. APDE is a nationally recognized leader in community health assessment, providing health assessment data and analysis to inform planning, policies, and actions, and develop innovative interventions to improve the health of King County residents. More information about the APDE unit can be found at http://www.kingcounty.gov/healthservices/health/data/APDE/about.aspx. About King County: As the only county in the United States named after Martin Luther King Jr, one of the most influential civil rights leaders in our nation's history, King County is a vibrant community with residents that represent countries from around the world. It is a region with increasing diversity that cherishes the artistic and social traditions of many cultures. Together, we're changing the way government delivers service and winning national recognition as a model of excellence. We continue to build on an enduring legacy of shared values of equity and social justice, employee engagement, innovative thinking and continuous improvement. With this commitment, King County has adopted a pro-equity agenda aimed at advancing regional change and is developing the systems and standard necessary to achieve better outcomes for all of our residents, regardless of their race or income. All of these qualities make this King County one of the nation's best places to live, work and play. EEO/AA Statement: King County is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and we encourage people of color, women, veterans, and people with disabilities to apply. Work Schedule: This full-time,career service position is open to all qualified applicants and may be used to fill multiple positions. This position will work up to 40 hours per week. The normal workweek is Monday through Friday. Work Location: This position will be located in downtown Seattle, at the Chinook Building, 401 Fifth Avenue, Seattle, WA. Contact: For more information about the application process contact Erika Yanak at erika.yanak@kingcounty.gov. Examples of Duties Prepare and conduct analyses using health care claims data, such as Medicaid and Medicare, to support public health priorities. Prepare and conduct analyses using other large population health datasets. Identify key findings, interpret results, and develop/maintain data visualizations that highlight meaningful data to inform needs assessments and evaluations. Design and oversee data collection and analysis, including development of data collection instruments, analytic plan, database, protocols, training, quality control, and technical supervision of project team. Prepare information to clearly communicate findings, developing presentations, reports, websites, data visualizations to technical and non-technical audiences and stakeholders. Perform other duties as assigned Qualifications Demonstrated knowledge and experience analyzing line-level claims datasets. Demonstrated knowledge of population-based public health practices and principles. Knowledge and experience conducting quantitative analysis, using datasets, spreadsheets, charts, maps, visualizations, and databases. Demonstrated ability to prepare and present sound data and conclusions in reports, non-technical papers, and presentations. Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Skill in managing multiple projects, working independently and as part of a team, and working with non-technical audiences and stakeholders. Strong demonstrated knowledge and commitment to equity and social justice principles and practices, including knowledge about the characteristics of populations that impact health and well-being. OR: Any equivalent combination of experience and education that provides the applicant with the desired skills, knowledge, and ability required to perform the work. Desired Qualifications The most competitive applicants will possess: Background and experience working in the health care sector (e.g. systems, plans, hospitals). 2+ years of experience working with Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, Healthy Youth Survey, Medicaid, Medicare, electronic health records, birth certificate, death certificate, hospitalization, Census/American Community Survey, or public health program data. 2+ years of experience manipulating, visualizing, and analyzing data using one or more sophisticated statistical software (e.g. SQL, Stata, R, Python, Tableau and/or GIS packages). Background and experience in public health informatics, epidemiology, biostatistics, health services, health economics, or public policy. Demonstrated ability to conduct projects within timeline and budget; contribute to major funding proposals and grants. Supplemental Information UNION AFFILIATION This position is represented by Union Local 21HD. Union membership is required within 30 days of employment. The selected candidate will be required to pass a thorough background investigation. Your application materials must validate your answers to the supplemental questions. If your answers can not be validated, you will not proceed to the next step of the process. This selection process may include but is not limited to: evaluation of application materials and supplemental questions, testing and interviewing. For more information on our selection process, please refer to http://www.kingcounty.gov/healthservices/health/jobs/hiring.aspx Public Health relies on Office automation (Microsoft Office) and web-based enabled tools, therefore candidates must be proficient and comfortable with computer use to perform functions associated with on-going work. Employees are required to adhere to OSHA/WISHA guidelines including but not limited to completing their mandatory trainings on time and obtaining required immunizations. Regular and reliable attendance, effective communication skills, and development of effective working relationships are requirements of all Public Health positions. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Employees are required to protect the privacy and security of protected health information as defined in State and Federal Law. Staff may be required to play an active role in the event of a public health emergency, which may include changes in responsibilities and working hours. If you need a disability accommodation in the application or testing process, please call the contact number listed on the job announcement.