As a leading worldwide provider of navigation and safety enhancing aviation technology, our focus is on developing, designing and supporting superior products. Our advanced technology promotes performance, safety and ease of use in every market we serve. That makes us an engineering and technology company with a keen focus on recruiting talent in those fields. But the same vertical integration business model that keeps all design and manufacturing processes in-house also gives us the incentive to hire top performers from different backgrounds, including operations, finance and accounting, information technology, sales, marketing and communications. We’re seeking a Software Engineer to join our Aviation Web and Applications Development Team located in Chanhassen, MN. In this role, you’ll be responsible for defining and developing the future of aviation business services Garmin provides to its customers. We’re looking for a developer who has knowledge and passion for aviation business services such as flight planning, post-flight analysis, and in-flight services, and also possesses a passion for perfecting the user experience on the Web. As a Software Engineer at Garmin, you’ll develop rich, engaging, web application components and interfaces specializing in aviation using the latest web technologies including Scala, Angular, TypeScript, NodeJS, Electron, CSS/LESS, and Hibernate. This is a full-stack web developer who will participate in defining the business case for aviation business services, as well as the full lifecycle of development from conception, analysis, design, implementation, testing and deployment, and use Garmin and Third-Party Developer APIs to ad dynamic features to web applications. You’ll also be responsible for performing builds and deployments to various testing and development environments, building and maintenance of automated deployment tools and use your skills to design, develop and perform continuous improvements to the current build and development process. If these challenges excite you, make Garmin a part of your flight plan and send us your resume! Qualifications Qualified candidates will also possess the following: Must possess relevant experience with web standards, usability, and accessibility principles Expert computer skills (Mac and PC) Strong and effective verbal and written communication skills Must be team-oriented, possess a positive attitude and work well with others Must be flexible and able to work effectively and proactively in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision Must have good organization skills and have the ability to prioritize multiple tasks Demonstrated proficiency using Atlassian project management tools, including JIRA and Confluence Candidates with a pilot's license and general aviation experience are highly preferred! Our benefits are designed to lead an evolving marketplace, support innovation and encourage a healthy balance between work and life. They allow our associates to make their own decisions about their well being and future and consistently rank Garmin as a top tier benefits provider when compared to other high-tech employers. We offer a choice of high value medical, dental and vision plans with low or no premiums, to fit your and your family’s preferences. In addition, Garmin’s financial benefits include a generous 401K retirement plan that provides 5% of pay base contribution plus a match of 75 cents for every dollar you contribute to a maximum of 10% of your compensation. The employee stock purchase plan allows for shares to be bought at a 15% discount. Garmin offers many other benefits and perks ranging from wellbeing initiatives, educational assistance and career development, community charity support, and employee discounts just to name a few. EEO/AA/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans