Responsible for ongoing stability, functionality and usability of the organizations database environment to ensure maximum productivity, reliability and utilization in all offices. Responsible for the design, testing and documentation of database systems and back office procedures. Installs new, and maintains existing, database hardware and software. Provides support to the user community and Application Support Specialists on an as needed basis. Manages and supervises consultants performing work on database systems. The Sr. Database Administrator is required to work at multiple locations within the metropolitan area. Individual accountabilities and work volume will be established through the development of annual Success Objective, within the framework outlined below. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Design logical and physical databases or review description of changes to database design to understand how changes to be made affect physical database (how data is stored in terms of physical characteristics such as location, amount of space, and access method) Establish physical database parameters. Code database descriptions and specify identifiers of database to database management system or direct others in coding database descriptions. Establish, manage and coordinate the interoperability of organizational databases. Recommend and manage user access level for each segment of one or more data items such as insert, replace, retrieve, or delete data. Recommend and manage which users can access databases and what data can be accessed by user. Test and correct errors, and refine changes to database. Direct programmers, analysts and vendors to make changes to database management system. Confer with co-workers to determine impact of database changes on other systems and staff cost for making changes to databases. Install, test, maintain, and repair database systems and coordinates the software configuration on all desktop and laptop equipment. Ensure that all database equipment is operating at a optimal level with proper security systems in place. Recommend and implement changes as required. Troubleshoot all back office database related problems. Maintain current and accurate documentation of existing, previous and planned database designs. Monitor ticket queues and serve as point of escalation for technical assistance. Handling of telephone support tickets, and live telephone support for users when necessary. Maintain current and accurate inventory of all database equipment and software, insuring that all equipment is in compliance with legal and corporate policies. Provide regular updates to IT Director and other organization management of the current inventory and compliance status. Review, monitor and make recommendations regarding database hardware, software and versions as well as other office equipment as it relates to database’s and their integration within the organization technology. Coordinate with outside vendors to insure all databases and database equipment is operating properly and in an efficient, cost effective manner that is productive to the organization. Adhere to all organization policies including those in regard to software distribution and license compliance. Carry a cellular phone or live PDA device to provide 24/7 support for critical situations. While calls outside of regular business hours are infrequent, response to such calls is expected unless advance notice of unavailability has been provided to the Director of Information Technology. Document and where appropriate, design database architecture. Develop database utilities and automated reporting. Create shell scripts for task automation. Create, test and execute data management languages. Analyze and sustain capacity and performance requirements Analyze, consolidate and tune database for optimal efficiency Monitor systems and platforms for availability. Oversee backup, clustering, mirroring, replication and failover Restore and recover corrupted databases Install and test upgrades and patches Implement security and encryption Evaluate and recommend new database technologies Perform other duties as assigned. Supervisory Responsibilities: Manages and directs project teams as required. Manages and supervises consultants as required. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with Heartland Alliance’s policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities may include training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work of others. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; minimum 5+ years of related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee is regularly required to sit, stand and walk. The employee is regularly required to use hands to key, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, climb and/or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee may be required to remain on Organization premises during breaks and/or meal periods and may be required to stay on Organization premises until their replacement arrives. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to outside weather conditions. The noise in the work environment is moderate.