About Press Ganey: Press Ganey provides both ongoing advisory services and consulting in all phases of performance improvement. Our patient experience advisors are uniquely trained and skilled to identify areas of opportunity and help clients implement targeted improvement plans. Our consultants, whose healthcare experience is a true differentiator, work in partnership with organizations to identify and implement best practices across their operations. Simply put, we are vested in our clients’ success, and dedicated to helping them understand and improve every dimension of the patient experience. Position Description/Overview: The primary responsibilities of the Enterprise Architect are to develop an enterprise technology architecture and roadmap to support the business strategy and product objectives. This will be accomplished by working with a cross functional leadership team and will require a thorough understanding of Press Ganey’s business and technology. The architecture development approach must be based on strong communication and teamwork with cross functional leaders, fostering pragmatic innovation and harvesting value added concepts and technologies to define an industry leading approach and implementation roadmap. The Enterprise Architect must map, define and standardize technology, data and business processes at both a macro and micro view. The Enterprise Architect must understand the business strategy and translate this into an architectural approach (macro view), and he/she must also be able to work with individual projects and deliver guidance to these projects that drives the successful delivery within that macro view. The Enterprise Architecture vision must encompass the following areas: Application Platforms, Shared Technology, Cloud Strategy, Security Compliance, Information Architecture, Integration Architecture, Operations Architecture, Mobile Architecture, BI Architecture. The Enterprise Architect transforms tech-speak into the language of business solutions, and he/she knows what technology is needed to enable business strategy. The Enterprise Architect will lead a cross organizational team of software and enterprise architects to develop a system architecture and lead the implementation of architecture strategy to achieve multi-year Business and IT goals. This includes playing an active leadership role in all major programs to define and achieve each program’s goals in the context of the architecture objectives. The Enterprise Architect will establish Architectural Review Board (ARB) and select the right mix of senior Architects and/or Engineers with a clearly drafted team Charter to introduce standards, innovations, best practices and decision making framework for all design, development, acquisition, and integration initiatives. The Enterprise Architect must possess extensive knowledge and expertise in systems/software architectures for applications, analytics, and information management technologies and have experience in implementing these technologies to meet client and business requirements. Specific experience with Survey Solutions, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Cloud Computing, Big Data, Data Ingress/ETL, Mobile Applications, Healthcare Applications, Analytics/Reporting, Business Intelligence and Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) desired. Duties & Responsibilities: Define, develop and communicate enterprise architecture and IT Strategy. Create and manage multi-year plan based on Business strategy and IT objectives. Engage Product Managers and IT Architects across the organization to develop a services architecture communication, education and culture to promote systems thinking and innovation in the context of programs and Product/IT Roadmap development. Actively co-lead the development of multi-year Product/IT roadmaps updated on a quarterly basis Actively participate in the scoping, technical architecture and ongoing reviews/engagement of strategic programs throughout the program lifecycle to assist and ensure technology strategies and standards are implemented consistent with objectives. Lead the technical due diligence, assessment and technology integration planning for acquisitions and merger activity. Support the development of communication to the board and key executive stakeholders educating them on our IT strategy, initiatives, and accomplishments. Define and develop the roles and skills for the IT organizations ARB (Architectural Review Board) team. Manage ARB process. Qualifications: Critical Skills Required: Leadership: The job holder must be seen as a credible business partner by executives, peers, clients and the IT leadership team and must be able to influence resources to deliver in a matrix environment while maintaining high customer satisfaction. Strong leadership will be required to transform and build the IT services within the span of control. Management Skills: The job holder must be able to manage multiple work streams with input from resources from a variety of teams, delivering high quality, on budget, within schedule solutions. He/she must have demonstrated matrix organization management experience. Communication & Influencing: The job holder must clearly convey information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message. An individual with excellent interpersonal skills and influencing ability who can win the confidence of individuals at all levels, both inside and outside of the organization. The job holder must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Teamwork: An individual who can work effectively in a collaborative environment and foster teamwork across all levels of the organization. Architecture Expertise: The job holder must have a background in successful program delivery of complex applications, architecture, and large data platforms. Candidates must have direct experience in leading Enterprise Architecture programs in mid to large corporate environments. Business Acumen: The job holder should possess strong analytical and process management skills and have a broad understanding of business strategy and operations. He/she must be able to clearly articulate the business value proposition for all IT initiatives. Key Competencies: Leading through Vision & Values. Keep the organization's vision and values at the forefront of decision making and action by demonstrating the following behaviors and competencies: Service Excellence. Build quality relationships based on mutual trust and confidence. Engage in fact-based and fact-supported discussions. Build credibility and trust. Collegial Candor. Build trust, further collaboration and create effective relationships. Entrepreneurial Passion. Challenge status quos for the good of the company. Willing to make investments in new ideas. Solicit differing points of view. Strategic Decision Making. Obtain information and identify key issues and relationships relevant to a long-range goal or vision; commit to a course of action to accomplish a long-range goal or vision after developing alternatives based on logical assumptions, facts, available resources, constraints, and organizational values. Building Strategic Working Relationships. Developing and using collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals. Consultative in approach. Facilitating Change. Encouraging others to seek opportunities for different and innovative approaches to addressing problems and opportunities; facilitating the implementation and acceptance of change within the workplace. Gaining Commitment. Using appropriate interpersonal styles and techniques to gain acceptance of ideas or plans; modifying one’s own behavior to accommodate tasks, situations, and individuals involved. Building a Successful Service. Using appropriate methods and a flexible interpersonal style to help build cohesive, high performance IT services. Customer Focus. Making customers and their needs a primary focus of one’s actions; developing and sustaining productive customer relationships. Planning and Organizing. Establishing courses of action for self and others to ensure work is completed efficiently. Computer Skills: Microsoft Office Suite: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Visio, Project and Internet Explorer. Minimum Education: This position requires a Bachelor’s Degree with 15-20 years of IT and business/industry work experience, with at least 5-7 years of leadership experience. All positions at Press Ganey require an applicant who has accepted an offer to undergo a background check. The specific checks are based on the nature of the position. Background checks may include some or all of the following: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, and criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. By applying for a position with Press Ganey, you understand that you will be required to undergo a background check should you be made an offer. You also understand that the offer is contingent upon successful completion of the background check and results consistent with Press Ganey's employment policies. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required for the position. For more information about Press Ganey, visit www.pressganey.com. Press Ganey Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and well committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Notice – Press Ganey will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.