Company Overview GGP has an immediate need for a Financial Analyst at GGP's Corporate Office in Chicago, IL. GGP Inc. is a leading real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates high-quality retail properties that provide an engaging experience in an outstanding environment. Our regional shopping centers are destinations for retail, lifestyle, dining, entertainment and so much more. We are an S&P; 500 company, headquartered in Chicago, with retail properties in 40 states spanning from Hawaii to Maine. At GGP, values matter. Our passionate team is comprised of experts across a range of specialties that share a goal to ensure our properties are continuously evolving and innovating to meet the needs of our communities. Our company culture celebrates collaboration, encourages an entrepreneurial spirit and values diversity. We are very proud to retain premier talent who are in it to win it. We invite you to be part of our success story. Position Overview Responsible for accurate and timely financial analysis as a member of the Finance department that directly supports the CFO and other executives to make business decisions, the analyst reports to the Manager of Finance. Responsibilities: Facilitate the annual budgeting and monthly forecasting process for revenue and expenses, including a detailed review of the assumptions and calculations Provide feedback on financial health of assets in retail real estate portfolio, and provide guidance and suggestions on how to improve NOI Prepare advanced analysis for retail real estate portfolio (Using Excel, Argus, and POWER BI) Review and understand shopping center financial operations, including impact of tenant sales, occupancy costs and health ratios on property NOI Other duties as assigned Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in STEM field, Finance or Accounting (other fields considered with proven analytic capabilities) 0 – 5 years analytic experience Individual must be able to handle a range of issues and multiple projects simultaneously Individual must be a self-starter driven by intellectual curiosity Strong Excel skills required; Data Science/Data Visualization skills big plus Organizational skills, attention to detail, and strong communications skills JD Edwards, ARGUS, Salesforce, Power BI, and HFM skills a plus Experience reading retail leases and understanding of tenant recoveries a plus GGP is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.