The Test Coordinator coordinates and administers large-scale computer-based and paper-based testing programs, ensuring that internal, test agency, and NCTA standards and best practices are satisfied and that all restricted materials are kept secure. These tests include accommodated classrooms tests, standardized tests such as the SAT and LSAT, computer-based tests such as TOEFL, and a wide variety of other tests including Temple placement tests and various accreditation and certification exams. Tests are administered at both Main Campus, Ambler Campus, and other locations. The Test Coordinator assists in managing part-time and student worker testing staff and is responsible for assisting with the development of testing policies and procedures. The incumbent resolves irregularities and problems that occur during testing and performs custom configurations of testing workstations and installs updates and software as required by each computer-based testing program. Perform other duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: Associates degree and at least one (1) year directly related experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Required Skills & Abilities: Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to exercise sound independent judgment Strong customer service skills, along with the ability to interact with a diverse group of students, faculty, staff, and the general public Ability to work independently, as well as part of a team, in a fast-paced environment Proficiency in Microsoft Office skills Strong technical skills and ability to configure and update computer-based testing workstations, software and related equipment and perform computer-based testing set ups and readiness checks. Availability to work some weekends, as well as extended days Availability to work primarily at Main Campus, as well as some days at satellite sites Preferred: Experience with standardized testing This position requires a background check. Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.