Qualifications Required Qualifications: PhD in Economics, Public Policy, or related field Proficiency working with large datasets in software such as R, SQL, and MATLAB Understanding of statistical techniques and machine learning Preferred Qualifications: Expertise in energy technology policy Understanding of engineering science of solar photovoltaics, solid-state lighting, and lithium-ion batteries Experience working in interdisciplinary teams Self-sufficient work style About the Job Postdoc Position in Science, Technology, and Environmental Policy (STEP) at the Humphrey School of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota. This position is for a Post-Doctoral Fellow with the Center for Science, Technology, and Environmental Policy based at the University of Minnesota’s Humphrey School of Public Affairs. The post-doc will work with Prof. Gabriel Chan and a team of investigators from Harvard University and Cambridge University on a sponsored project titled, “What factors drive innovation in energy technologies? The role of technology spillovers and government investment.” Primary responsibilities for the post-doc will involve developing novel methodologies to identify breakthrough innovations in three technology areas: solar photovoltaics, lithium-ion batteries, and solid-state lighting. The key research question is: How can each technical breakthrough be understood as originating from within an area of inquiry vs. spilling over from another area of inquiry (usually different sectors, technologies and/or scientific discipline/tradition)? Methods will rely on automated patent classification and citation network mapping based on the application of machine learning techniques to the international patent record. This work will be integrated in a larger study that includes interviews with technology experts, engineering cost modelling, qualitative review of research organization management. This study has the overall purpose of quantifying the role of innovation spillovers, determining how the spillovers occurred, and identifying opportunities for policy innovation to harness spillovers to accelerate future clean energy innovation. Duties: 90% - Research This is primarily an independent research position. The post-doc will conduct research activities related to this project, working independently with bi- weekly check-ins with the three Primary Investigators (PIs) on the project. 10% - Research Coordination The post-doc will assist with the planning and execution of annual meetings of the full research team. Additionally, the post-doc will execute necessary tasks to coordinate research efforts digitally across the research team (e.g. by maintaining a digital reference library, datasets, and draft papers). About the Department https://www.hhh.umn.edu/ https://www.hhh.umn.edu/areas-expertise/science-technology-environmental- policy How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will have the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. Example language: This position requires that you attach LIST ATTACHMENT TYPES SUCH AS: a sample of scholarly work, a diversity statement, and a list of references. This position will remain open until filled. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.