Under the direction of the Clinical Nurse Director, EMG, the Electrodiagnostic Technician acts as an assistant to the electromyographers performing the examinations. Maintains and uses myography equipment as needed. Reassures and assists patients aged pediatric to adult prior and subsequent to treatment. Arranges examiners’ schedules and patient appointments, records information during examination and maintains patients files, types and distributes all reports, handles billing procedures, maintain statistics, cares for EMG equipment and supplies. Maintains attendance records and calculates physicians’ monthly fees to be received from Fiscal Management. Requirements: •High School Diploma required. •Electrodiagnostic Technician certification preferred. •Previous Electrodiagnostic Technician experience preferred in a Hospital Setting. •Must be able to communicate effectively with all levels of personnel. •Ability to maintain a high degree of accuracy in carrying out work duties. •Ability to cooperate effectively with others and to demonstrate a caring attitude. Under the direction of the Clinical Nurse Director, EMG, the Electrodiagnostic Technician acts as an assistant to the electromyographers performing the examinations. Maintains and uses myography equipment as needed. Reassures and assists patients aged pediatric to adult prior and subsequent to treatment. Arranges examiners’ schedules and patient appointments, records information during examination and maintains patients files, types and distributes all reports, handles billing procedures, maintain statistics, cares for EMG equipment and supplies. Maintains attendance records and calculates physicians’ monthly fees to be received from Fiscal Management. Requirements: High School Diploma required. Electrodiagnostic Technician certification preferred. Previous Electrodiagnostic Technician experience preferred in a Hospital Setting. Must be able to communicate effectively with all levels of personnel. Ability to maintain a high degree of accuracy in carrying out work duties. Ability to cooperate effectively with others and to demonstrate a caring attitude.