Responsible for day to day front line client support activities such as: training, answering general questions about client’s solution, troubleshooting system issues and assisting with technical questions/issues. Performs and manages ongoing account work, maintains client issues lists and is responsible for coordinating the right resources to assist with delivering day to day support. Understands client’s business, collaborates within the organization to craft solutions and represents client needs in project delivery. Provides consulting services, training, systems validation, acceptance testing and general guidance to clients and project staff during projects (i.e. implementations, upgrades, expanded work, etc.) and ongoing service. Essential Functions: Uses systems tools and processes to provide business analysis or product technical expertise Provides ongoing support to clients in the following capacity: Acts as subject matter expert to understand client requirements Relates application to client needs Identifies, troubleshoots and resolves issues Installs, configures and upgrades clients in locally hosted and ASP environments Develops or collaborates to develop technical solutions and leads technical training related to client configurations Communicates and liaisons with all departments in organization to resolve client issues Responsible for achieving target proficiency and target utilization Supports the identification, pursuit and implementation of expanded opportunities. When needed, support new sales efforts Works closely with Account Executive on all client matters and escalates issues swiftly, when appropriate Qualifications Bachelor’s degree strongly preferred. 2+ years of relevant experience in the area of IT applications, configuration and/or systems support. Ability to self-start and independently initiate new opportunities. Demonstrated ability to function effectively both independently and within a team/matrix in a high visibility client environment Ability to exercise sound judgment and strong problem solving skills. Must demonstrate professional and ethical business practices, adherence to company standards, and a commitment to personal and professional development. Effective written and verbal communication skills to communicate with colleagues, clients, and vendors. Ability to deliver highly technical information to less technical individuals. Proven time management skills to manage multiple priorities and deliver timely and accurate work. Must demonstrate strong active listening and follow-up skills. Strong computer skills and the ability to navigate through multiple systems without assistance. Understands and applies analysis tools/techniques, issue resolution skills and demonstrates strong knowledge of relevant factors in the industry. Consultant resource on medium implementation projects and ongoing support; achieves utilization, client retention and client satisfaction Ability to self-start and independently initiate new opportunities. Demonstrated ability to function effectively both independently and within a team/matrix in a high visibility client environment Ability to exercise sound judgment and strong problem solving skills. Must demonstrate professional and ethical business practices, adherence to company standards, and a commitment to personal and professional development. Effective written and verbal communication skills to communicate with colleagues, clients, and vendors. Ability to deliver highly technical information to less technical individuals. Proven time management skills to manage multiple priorities and deliver timely and accurate work. Must demonstrate strong active listening and follow-up skills. Strong computer skills and the ability to navigate through multiple systems without assistance. Marsh ClearSight is the global leader in technology, analytics, and data service solutions across risk, safety and claims management for many of the world's largest corporations. A business unit of Marsh LLC, Marsh ClearSight supports more than 750 customers in 25 countries and has a trusted data store of over 60 million claims amassed through decades of operation. With the industry’s single largest risk database, Marsh ClearSight uniquely enables its customers to accurately analyze trends, gain industry insights, optimize decision-making, and reduce costs across the entire risk lifecycle. Marsh & McLennan Companies offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://www.mmc.com/. We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: www.mmc.com/diversity. Marsh & McLennan Companies and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers. Marsh & McLennan Companies and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers.