Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. The Group Systems Architect ( GSA) will have accountability and responsibility for driving Business outcome driven application technology roadmap within the Enterprise CIO (ECIO) organization aligned with Wholesale Lending and Banking and Capital Markets. This function is responsible for delivering the strategic technology solutions to meet Wells Fargo’s business strategies. This position will report directly to the Technology Services Division Executive with a close alignment to the other CIO organizations and the Enterprise Architecture organization. The GSA provides thought leadership and helps guide technology investment at the most senior levels of the organization. The GSA also shapes direction and ensures alignment to Wells Fargo application, data and Infrastructure strategies and standards across the broader Wells Fargo Architecture Community. The Group Systems Architect is a role requiring strong technical, business architecture, complex system design, portfolio planning and large system integration knowledge, organizational insight, and the ability to effectively communicate with senior leadership across the enterprise on various technology topics. The ideal candidate is an established visionary leader with the personal and professional skills to direct both complexity and ambiguity in a large scale enterprise. The Group Systems Architect will operate as the internal advisor and partner on a wide variety of technology and system development opportunities for the Wholesale and Capital Markets lines of business and other Enterprise Partners. She or he must be capable of assessing a complex and growing global platform heavily focused on digital transformation and simplifying a very complex portfolio of applications and systems. As a member of the CIO Application Architecture leadership team, the GSA will need strong technical leadership and strategic agility, deep knowledge of modern application design leveraging, among others, microservices, messaging, events, BPMS, AI and UX concepts coupled with intellect and depth of business and information systems and related experience to appropriately challenge the status quo and future strategy and bring forward new ideas. The Group Systems Architect will possess deep knowledge on the fundamentals of managing a complex portfolio, driving transformation that is centered on delivering an integrated and digital customer and team member experience leveraging modern application design and integration principles. The role also requires a deep understanding of how to pragmatically govern a complex portfolio of applications against Enterprise technology standards and patterns and guide the advancement of the portfolio towards the Enterprise target state architecture. Success in the role would include continuous improvement and maturing the architecture discipline, ensuring a stellar record of availability (Infrastructure) for the business, influencing the Enterprise Architecture Partners regarding Governance and providing strategic technical leadership as the needs of the business evolve. Additionally success measures would include fostering and leveraging the appropriate strategic external partnerships, providing thought leadership, and maintaining the appropriate Infrastructure standards needed to ensure all regulatory requirements are met or exceeded. The candidate that Wells Fargo is seeking will need to be a collaborator, relationship driven and highly effective communicator. To ensure credibility across the leadership team and client base, he or she must bring a proven set of experiences working within a highly complex and large scale platform. The leader must bring an ability to influence, be an effective communicator across a wide audience of business leaders, technical professionals, third party partners, and regulatory entities as needed. The ability to find the right tone and balance in communicating to various audiences is important, and a history of working effectively in this manner across functional lines is essential. Required Qualifications 12+ years of architectural design and planning experience 5+ years of management experience Other Desired Qualifications A combined business and technology background in a large and complex corporate environment that is relationship driven, to include a well-run technology, financial services or professional services company. Ideally an organization that is regulated, consumer and services oriented. 12 +years of IT-related positions with companies known for the quality of their IT systems and services. 5+ years in managerial positions where leading a highly technical and consultative team. Broad based and enterprise experiences at the Partner, CTO/ CA / Infrastructure Architecture levels within a highly distributed platform. Broad understanding of technology marketplace and trends, with sufficient depth to assess emerging technologies and technology partners. 2+ years experience with Commercial lending, banking and/or Capital Markets Technical architecture skills and depth across multiple technologies. Impeccable communications skills to link technology infrastructure to Wells Fargo and the Technology business strategy and convey to very senior Technology and Business leaders. Demonstrated ability to effectively partner and influence across multiple executive stakeholders and ability to set strategic IT architectural direction across a large or highly complex organization. Understanding of architecture roadmaps for multiple LOBs or infrastructure domains. Demonstrated ability to develop architectural roadmaps for multiple LOB's. Proven ability to build and deliver innovative, industry leading solutions to efficiently solve business problems at line of business and/or enterprise levels with financial discipline. Demonstrated technical leadership in providing strategic and enterprise architectural direction for an organization and ability to lead and manage other key senior architects and managing architects. Solid consulting experience and ability to influence decisions/actions at all levels of the organization. Able to understand and articulate short and long term costs, benefits, and risks of technical solutions. Ability to work with multiple business constituencies, balance resources and ensure alignment of technology strategy with the business vision. Leadership Characteristics A natural results-oriented personality and a high degree of confidence and judgment. Superior interpersonal and communication skills. Must be skilled at working to create agreement and shared purpose in situations where parties may differ in approach, opinion and objectives. Ability to present and articulate objectives in a group setting and at high level senior executive meetings, as well as identify and resolve problems by offering perspective and counsel in a skillful/influential and timely manner. Strong and inspiring leader; able to balance the role of strategist with urgency to deliver results. A leader with the proven ability to execute with a strong focus on collaboration and communication across all constituencies. This candidate will work in a highly collaborative environment, where success will be dependent on partnering closely with the business to implement technology solutions and drive consensus. Sets the highest of standards for self and others, fostering high levels of accountability through fair assessment processes for business partners and employees. Personal Characteristics Believes in the value of a highly effective and efficient team that can operate in a collaborative environment. An excellent leader and role model who knows how to create a positive, yet highly productive environment that runs on teamwork, creative thinking and a dedicated service-oriented mentality. Demonstrates a business process orientation to technology solutions. Relentless sense of urgency, strong intellectual horsepower, a thorough and insightful problem-solver with a can-do attitude and demonstrated results. Builds and establishes credibility and value-add among the business leadership and is highly respected throughout the IT organization. An individual who brings strong core values, quality, ethics, and integrity Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.