You will leverage your public Cloud skills to add new services, operate and improve our growing Azure, GCE, OpenStack and additional Cloud-based infrastructure. The ideal candidate will have hands on experience with multiple Cloud platforms, development experience with multiple Cloud API's and the ability to identify and resolve issues rapidly. Primary responsibilities: Design, build (bamboo) and integrate new features and enhancements into our existing, as well as new Cloud platforms Implement, maintain and evolve cloud-based scanner appliances. Staying current on all Cloud platforms including: New Features and Bug fixes API changes, evaluations and trouble-shooting Collaborate proactively with a distributed team Write high-quality technical documents for our Community site You will document, mentor and train DevOps staff to properly deploy, operate, manage and monitor both the private and public cloud resources and infrastructure. Analyze and improve security for Cloud application Requirements: MS degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related fields or a combination of education and experience Minimum 5 years’ experience in a public and private cloud enterprise environment 5+ years software development work experience. 2+ years of experience in developing and deploying cloud applications using technologies like AWS EC2, VPC, S3 Microsoft Azure Google Compute Engine (GCE) OpenStack Solid working knowledge of Python and/or BASH. Bamboo build environment. Atlassian tools (JIRA, Confluence) Strong knowledge of CentOS/RedHat operating system Experience in developing against APIs and using SDKs Experience with working with Cloud Security Architecture, third party security tools/platforms, encryption, IAM policies/roles, etc. Experience working with at least one of the following databases: PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle DB, MySQL, NoSQL Extensive knowledge and experience with public Clouds, Cloud topologies, and technologies Strong hypervisor experience (VMware, Xen, kvm) Azure/AWS/Private cloud specific networking skills incl. network VPCs and firewall dependencies Security best practices for cloud infrastructures Secondary: Experience with DevOps automation, tools, and methodologies. Understanding both development and operational dimensions of delivering a cloud solution to market and maintaining it. Nice to have: Involvement in open source projects in the past Create rapid, functional prototypes to aid in vetting technical directions. Maintain and improve continuous integration of already developed Scanner appliances