This position provides office and administrative support in the Center of Educational Innovation. Within the center, this position supports the Center for Faculty Development and the Credit for Prior Learning Assessment Network (CPLAN) program by providing office coordination for the director and staff of each area and providing direction to student workers as needed. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: The following qualifications are required of all applicants seeking consideration for this position. Only applicants whose application materials clearly demonstrate fulfillment of each of these minimum qualifications will be considered for the position: Ability to use customer skills on the phone, in person and online to provide effective general and specialized office support (this requires common courtesy, tact, interest in positive problem solving, empathy, and the ability to organize ideas logically). Skill in data entry sufficient to receive and review source documents, compare documents to database information, and edit, code, and correct documents. Ability to use word processing, spreadsheet, and other software applications to prepare reports, invoices, financial statements and letters. Skill in developing and implementing program policies, procedures and service standards in cooperation with the Director of the Center for Educational Innovation/Dean of CIS. Ability to perform administrative support work for the assigned cost centers including the tracking of financial transactions and account reconciliation. Skill in training and guiding the work assignments of student workers. Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of bookkeeping procedures sufficient to maintain accurate budget records and reports Ability to learn how to establish, maintain, and use electronic databases Knowledge of desktop publishing sufficient to recommend and produce final publication design and layouts Physical Requirements Requires occasionally lifting such articles as file boxes and heavy hand tools or heavier materials with help from others and/or lifting and carrying light objects frequently. Even though the weights being lifted may only be a negligible amount, a job is in this category may require walking or standing to a significant degree or may involve sitting most of the time with a degree of pushing and pulling of arm and/or leg controls. Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of the following: In accordance with the Minnesota State Colleges & Universities (MnSCU) Vehicle Fleet Safety Program, employees driving on college/university business who use a rental or state vehicle shall be required to conform to MnSCU’s vehicle use criteria and consent to a Motor Vehicle Records check. Application Details Other Information Employment information for this position can be found in its collective bargaining agreement or its plan document at http://mn.gov/mmb/employee- relations/labor-relations/Labor. Why Work For Us The University: Metropolitan State University, a member of the Minnesota State, serves approximately 11,000 students in the greater Twin Cities Metropolitan area. We are the most diverse university in the system, with approximately 41% of our students coming from communities of color. The university offers programs leading to baccalaureate, masters and doctoral degrees. We provide accessible, high quality liberal arts, professional and graduate education with continued emphasis on marginalized groups, including adults and communities of color. Recognized in 2008 by the Carnegie Foundation for Community Engagement and named to the President’s Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll, the university is committed to academic excellence and community engagement through curriculum, teaching scholarship and services designed to support an urban mission. Visit our web site at http://www.metrostate.edu For campus safety information and crime statistics visit: www.metrostate.edu/security The School/Academic Department: The Center for Educational Innovation (CEI) at Metropolitan State University includes the Center for Faculty Development, Center for Online Learning, and the Credit for Prior Learning Assessment Network. CEI also hosts the Minnesota State IT Center of Excellence and partners closely with the College of Individualized Studies. GREAT BENEFITS PACKAGE! The State of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including low cost medical and dental insurance, employer paid life insurance, short and long term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, retirement plan, tax-deferred compensation, generous vacation and sick leave, and 11 paid holidays each year. How to Apply Click “Apply” at the bottom of this page. If you have questions about applying for jobs, contact the job information line at 651-259-3637. For additional information about the application process, go to http://www.mn.gov/careers. Contact If you have questions about the position, contact Michele Chilinski at michele.chilinski@metrostate.edu or 651/793-1811. For TTY, call Minnesota Telecommunications Relay Service (TRS) at 7-1-1 or 1-800-627-3529. Equal Employment Opportunit y Metropolitan State University and Minnesota State are Equal Opportunity employers/educators committed to the principles of diversity. We prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their race, sex, color, creed, religion, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, or membership in a local commission as defined by law. As an affirmative action employer, we actively seek and encourage applications from women, minorities, persons with disabilities, and individuals with protected veteran status. Reasonable accommodations will be made to all qualified applicants with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability who needs assistance or cannot access the online job application system, please contact the job information line at 651.259.3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. Please indicate what assistance is needed.