Title: Technical Sourcer (Contract) Location: Santa Clara, CA or San Diego, CA This position reports to: Manager, Staffing Partner ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. What you get to do in this role: Capitalize on a career-defining opportunity to partner with Recruiters and Hiring Managers of all levels on both technical and non-technical roles at the fastest growing SaaS company in the world Run intake meetings, review candidate profiles, and update candidate pipeline progress Assist in creating and driving innovative sourcing tactics Source passive candidates through Boolean search strings, x-raying, networking, employee referral generation, Internet searches, etc. Maintain accurate and thorough documentation within the company's ATS: JobVite Ability to document metrics and reports to demonstrate successful lead generation of candidates throughout the different stages of candidate sourcing Organize, set-up and attend recruiting events both on and off site Participate in staffing operations projects, as desired, to further build out your skillset in the Human Resources industry To be successful in this role, we need someone who has: A minimum of 3-5 years of relevant technical sourcing experience required Proven track record managing and closing multiple requisitions Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities An eye for talent and strong intuition for qualifying and engaging candidates for technical / business roles and cultural fit Highly motivated team player We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.