Take Yahoo and AOL, fuse them and you get a media and technology company operating at massive global scale. It takes powerful technology to connect our combined media brands and partners with an audience of 1 billion. Nearly half of Oath’s employees are building the code and platforms that help us achieve that. And we’re only getting bigger. Whether you’re looking to write mobile app code, engineer the servers behind our massive ad tech stacks, or develop algorithms to help us process 4 trillion data points a day, what you do here will have a huge impact on our business—and the world. Want in? Oath, a subsidiary of Verizon, is a values-led company committed to building brands people love. We reach over one billion people around the world with a dynamic house of media and technology brands. A global leader in digital and mobile, Oath is shaping the future of media. A Little About Us Oath Media Brands and Products delivers delightful, inspiring and entertaining daily-habit experiences to over half a billion people worldwide. Oath News is the largest digital news organization in the world. It’s the first part of the news daily habit for more people than any other platform across web, mobile and a variety of other experiences. Within Oath News, the Yahoo News team is looking for a front end engineer who can deliver engaging, informative and relevant content to our millions of users at scale. If you eat, sleep and breathe current and next-gen web technologies, if you play around with them in your own time and learn new technologies because you can't help yourself, then we need you to come help us build the next generation of our site! A Lot About You As a Front End Software Engineer at Oath you will specialize in building high performance, scalable, cross-browser compatible, accessible and elegant web applications with HTML5, CSS3, JS and other technologies. You will work hand in hand with world-class teams of other software engineers and architects as well as backend engineers, cloud data experts and computer scientists to build amazing and emotional experiences that will delight our users. Responsibilities Work in an agile environment where we ship features frequently to create user delight Collaborate with teams across product, design, engineering, and quality to drive past the status quo Ensure quality of code base by writing tests and doing code reviews Build reusable code and libraries for future use Build next generation applications for desktop and mobile browsers with an emphasis on emotional experiences and constant attention to scalability, performance, accessibility and cross-browser compatibility Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and 5+ years directly related experience, or an equivalent combination of training and experience; or Master’s degree in Computer Science and 3+ years of experience. At least 3 years of professional web application development experience working on the front end (JS, CSS, HTML). Strong command of JavaScript, HTML, AJAX / JSONP, DOM, CSS, PHP, JSON, cross-browser compatibility issues and cross-browser rendering differences, and browser progressive enhancement strategies. Direct experience creating web applications with NodeJS, React, CSS3, HTML5 Mastery of the CSS box model, and how various browsers implement the box model. Working knowledge of optimization techniques (both in file weight and perceived/actual rendering speed). Hands-on experience using device-portability techniques, internationalization techniques, and accessibility techniques. Well versed with unit testing & debugging techniques, particularly with front-end code (JS, CSS, XHR calls). Experience using performance measurement tools to optimize front end code. Good Ember.js skills and familiarity with Unix. Good web security knowledge (Cross Site Scripting, SQL Injection, Input Validation). Good project management skills, and ability to work on multiple projects at once. Great sense of responsibility and attention to detail. Good verbal and written communications skills in English. Excellent interpersonal skills and team work. Preferred Job Qualifications Experience in integrating with back-end web services, via REST-based APIs. Knowledge of the Apache web server and web server configuration, and the HTTP protocol is helpful. Demonstrated experience developing high performance sites. Experience working with large-scale Internet applications. About Oath Oath, a subsidiary of Verizon, is a values-led company committed to building brands people love. We reach over one billion people around the world with a dynamic house of 50+ media and technology brands. A global leader in digital and mobile, Oath is shaping the future of media. Oath is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on, age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Oath is dedicated to providing an accessible environment for all candidates during the application process and for employees during their employment. Please let us know if you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or participate in the application process. Oath is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on, age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Oath is dedicated to providing an accessible environment for all candidates during the application process and for employees during their employment. Please let us know if you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or participate in the application process. _Currently work for Oath? Please apply on our internal career site._