Job Details Description About the Position The HR Generalist provides support for day-to-day operations as it relates to human resources; which includes employee relations, recruiting & on-boarding, benefit & leave administration, payroll in accordance with company policy. A successful HR Generalist will build sustainable relationships with the employees, site leadership, and corporate office. The incumbent will provide guidance around application of policies, applicable laws and general best practices. Duties and Responsibilities Provide counseling and/or coaching to employees and management regarding employee relation matters and application of company policies, programs and benefits. Recommends and administers OFI or corrective action plans; ensures forms are completed per policy and in compliance with all applicable laws. Administer applicable company and/or site policies, programs and benefits and act as a liaison with corporate to facilitate change management; conducts training as necessary. Acts as a liaison for employee programs and benefits (e.g. health, 401(k), performance management, incentives, etc.). May coordinate and/or facilitate benefit meetings during open enrollment. Ensures new hire and termination paperwork is processed and employee data is current and accurate within our system of record (e.g. UltiPro) and maintains proper employee files in accordance with policy and law. Participates in the maintenance, development and implementation of policies and procedures. Performs recruiting duties for all non-exempt (fulltime or temporary) and liaisons with established temporary agencies as necessary; including creation of job advertisement, interviewing and selection. Completes the on-boarding functions for new employees including system on-boarding (UltiPro), new employee orientation and necessary coordination of new employee training. May perform routine reporting functions as needed to support the business. May function as an advocate for other company programs and/or initiatives based on the site supported. Requirements and Skills Bachelor degree in Human Resources or related field preferred or equivalent years of experience required. Minimum 3 years of experience in Human Resources with progressive duties around employee relations, recruiting, benefits, compensation and/or training required. Prior experience in the warehousing, third party logistic and/or distribution centers preferred. Experience in a leadership role and/or managing others desired. Competencies Communicate with tact, diplomacy and authority and maintain respect. Proficient knowledge of computer software and applications, including Microsoft Office (i.e. Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) and HRIS systems (UltiPro preferred). Ability to problem solve both practical and difficult situations and communicate effectively. Manage and prioritize multiple tasks to meet required deadlines. Travel Requirements Ability to travel 15% of the time is required. Physical Demands and Work Environment The physical demands and work environment described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee frequently is required to walk and talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to seasonal temperature extremes and dust particles. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.