About PrescribeWellness Our mission is to inspire collaboration among trusted pharmacists, healthcare institutions, and the communities they serve for better health across the country. We believe community pharmacists are poised to change the face of preventative healthcare. With an expanding roster of clinical services, the pharmacy is quickly becoming the most accessible wellness destination for patients between doctor visits. Pharmacies that are independent can have a greater focus on personal service and meaningful relationships, which supports lasting behavior change in their patients. We are passionate in our mission to inspire collaboration for better health, and are looking for energetic, passionate professionals to join our team. Your Role We are looking for an ambitious and talented candidate to join our Tech team. You will leverage your knowledge to develop new consumer focused products. Your code, designs, and decisions will be highly visible, and will directly impact lots of users. We’re agile, intelligent, creative, flexible, but also very focused on an extraordinary and fun challenge. Location This role will be based in our Hingham, Massachusetts office. Essential Duties & Responsibilities As the PrescribeWellness Data Scientist you’ll be responsible for assisting with modeling complex problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. Other duties may be assigned. Specific duties include the following: Participate in use case feasibility discussions and translate business idea / business problems into analytics use case. Explain insights from analyses and point out implications, risks, and usability constraints. Provide support as needed to maintain and update models running in production environment. Develop and maintain complex analytical models and algorithms. Perform complex data analysis, segmentation, and profiling Write model technical documentation. Build sophisticated predictive / prescriptive models to generate insights about customers products, sales, and operations for specific use cases. Create and maintain the master data file and model predictive summary. Own model development from end-to-end, starting with data collection to incorporating adjustments post-pilot. Create and maintain the master data file and model predictive summary. Required Qualifications Get along with people and establish cooperative working relationships with all coworkers. Effectively communicate information to and consult with others to complete work assignments. Act in a responsible, trustworthy and ethical manner that considers the impact and consequences one’s actions or decisions. Communicate ideas, thoughts, and facts in writing using proper grammar, spelling, document formatting and sentence structure. Evaluate and analyze problems or tasks from multiple perspectives; adaptively employ problem solving methods to find creative or novel solutions; use logical, systematic and sequential processes to solve problems. Complete assigned job tasks in an accurate and timely manner. Carefully prepare for meetings and presentations; follow-up with others to ensure that agreements, tasks or commitments have been fulfilled. Demonstrate commitment to achieving PrescribeWellness’ core business objectives of increasing the role of pharmacy and improving patient health in America. Skills, Education, and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems or related field. 2+ years of data analysis experience. Expertise in algorithm design, machine learning, and applied statistics. Proven track record in use of SQL specifically in Oracle and working with data including: extracting information, validating data, creating and maintaining custom data structures. Desirable Qualifications Passion for data and digging into the minutia of datasets. Take calculated risks based on data-driven analytics. Be a self-starter. Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. Just a Few of our Perks and Benefits A welcoming and inclusive environment Professional development opportunities Generous health, dental, and vision coverage Competitive salary with employee stock option plan 401K Join our team! We look forward to hearing from you.