What does a Best Buy RDC Merchandise Processor Repack do? As a Merchandise Processor, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center by working areas such as E-Commerce, Repack, Customer Returns or Bundles. Your responsibilities will include making sure our assets are in perfect condition to sell to our customers while contributing to a safe and clean work environment. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a Merchandise Processor but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Pick merchandise from designated areas to fulfill customer and store orders Use of an RF Scanner to read barcodes and process merchandise by moving it to proper areas E-Commerce – fulfillment of customer orders by packing and shipping product to customers Bundles – create product bundles by picking and packing individual products into larger packages Maintain a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy RDC Merchandise Processor Repack? Basic Requirements: Repetitively carrying or lifting, pushing and/or pulling weight of up to 40 pounds Preferred Requirements: High School Diploma/GED What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.