Division: Building Technologies Business Unit: Field Operations Requisition Number: 229645 Primary Location: United States-Washington-Bellevue Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Entry level Education Required Level: Associate's Degree / College Diploma Travel Required: 20% Division Description: Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. As a global technology company, Siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. To tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the Company is organized in nine Divisions: Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Mobility, Digital Factory, Process Industries and Drives, Healthineers and Financial Services. The Siemens Building Technologies Division is the world market leader for safe, energy efficient and environmentally friendly buildings and infrastructure. As a technology partner, consultant, service provider, system integrator and product supplier, Building Technologies offers fire protection, security, building automation, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) and energy management products and services. For more information, please visit: http://www.siemens.com/businesses/us/en/building-technologies.htm Job Description: Reporting to the Operations Supervisor, this position participates, in the implementation and/or performs startup and commissioning for equipment that has been newly installed. Responsibilities: Assists with the routine performance of System Preparation, startup and commissioning: provides assistance to the engineering group to create and/or verify point database; understands job specific programming via computer for various systems (controls, electronic security systems (ESS), fire systems, mass notification); supports the upload of point database, assists with the modification of graphics in the Central Processing Unit (CPU). Participates with verification of point database and programming operations that they are consistent with scope of work for the intended integration and sequence; assists with back up data from data servers and/or with creation of automated backup procedure; supports troubleshooting and resolution of inconsistencies in the functions or sequence of operations; contacts Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) for technical support as/when needed. Assist with the set up and configuration of PC workstations and user interfaces. Supports the confirmation of proper network performance. May provide support to others with the scheduling of trade contractors to coordinate startup services as needed. Runs routine reports to review system operation. Technical issues will be reviewed with manager and customer to decide best course of action. Participates in final inspection and testing; supports the assurance of customer acceptance; assists with training of customers on system operations. Completes and submits routine written reports; provides Plans and Control System Documents to engineering for as-built drawings. Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Education: HS diploma or equivalent required. Specialized skill training/certification may be required. Generally, 1+ years of successful experience in area of responsibility and successful demonstration of Key Responsibilities and Knowledge as presented above. Individual must possess a valid Driver's license in good standing and must be at least 21 years of age in order to participate in the required Siemens vehicle plan Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States. Preferred Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Education: Associates degree, Bachelor’s degree (mechanical engineering, MET, computer engineering, IT, chemistry, electrical engineering, etc) or 1-2 years of vocational technical training preferred. 2+ years hands on experience with DDC controls (direct digital controls) Experience with HMI programming, PID programming, CCENT, CCT, CCNA, CompTia A+, or similar certifications