About the role The Security Architect is responsible for leading the development of information security architecture and ensuring technology initiatives are implemented within the framework to make our client’s cloud environments more secure. The Security Architect is accountable for securing enterprise information by identifying network and application security requirements, planning, implementing and testing security controls and procedures. The role of the Security Architect is to be customer facing and to play an active role in transforming our client’s Security through designing and implementing Security technologies on-premise and in the cloud. Day-to-day, you will: Work closely with enterprise architects to identify and mitigate risks, perform security reviews, design top tier security practices, and deliver strategic, innovative cloud based security offerings. Propose, design, plan and execute strategic and tactical operational security objectives. Perform deep analysis and develop metrics that measure current risk Develop metrics that effectively evaluate and manage threats Identify appropriate technology/data sources and drive the collection of data necessary to effectively evaluate threats. Communicate threat intelligence and vulnerability management options Analyzing threats and current security controls to identify gaps in current defensive posture Meet with clients and leading workshops Qualifications The ideal candidate must have strong foundation across Microsoft technology stack and Azure security offerings and the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to key stakeholders along with experience with the following: Enterprise Mobility and Security Suite (EM+S), Advanced Threat Protection (ATP), Azure Information Protection (AIP) and Intune Azure Key Vault, Azure Security Center, OMS Identity and Access Management principals Architecture and security management Strong understanding of security best practices Securing network and enterprise cloud applications Privileged access management technologies Security frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, NIST 800-53 or OWASP Creating security framework, SIRRP process and/or forensic handling methods Knowledge of host hardening, auditing, logging and monitoring, network security, SEIM deployments, security analytics, anomaly detections, PKI Market understanding of industry trends for cybersecurity, risk & threat intelligence, and governance Proven implementation of cloud security models, particularly identity, network, and encryption Demonstrated understanding of Microsoft security technologies and strategy Program management skills and solution support for security transformation/implementation programs Business case development skills for justifying, prioritizing & forecasting the funding requirements for security programs and initiatives Certifications: CISSP, CISM, Microsoft Mobility MCP Exam 98-368, or other relevant certifications (preferred) To supplement the technical knowledge and project delivery experience, the successful candidate will come from a Consulting background with good customer facing skills, the ability to gather customer requirements and produce high quality written deliverables. As a consultant, you must be willing to travel to our client locations as needed. You likely have a Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer engineering, management information systems, information technology, or a similar field. An equivalent combination of education and experience may substitute for a degree. Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 55343 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.