The Mayor?s Office of Contract Services (MOCS) oversees and supports the procurement activities of City agencies, with a goal to ensure fairness, transparency, efficiency and cost effectiveness. The Director is the City Chief Procurement Officer. Annually, agencies procure billions in products and services from a diverse pool of vendors that represent various industries. MOCS partners with industry groups to implement policies and tools that streamline and modernize procurement, resulting in the delivery of quality services to New Yorkers. Team members operate in a fast-paced, collaborative, service-oriented environment, where flexibility and ability to achieve results are valued.The Assistant Director will report to the Deputy CTO, Associate Director for Enterprise Data Services in the Technology Strategy division, Office of the CTO. The successful candidate will focus on managing complex technology-related projects, conducting detailed research on procurement patterns and trends, and analyzing City fiscal and procurement data, especially as part of the PASSPort project. The position requires strong skills in reporting, the ability to present to multiple stakeholders, including executive management, and critical thinking/analytical skills. The ideal candidate will not only excel in their duties but also implement best practices in data collection, analytics, and enterprise-level reporting.Responsibilities will include: ? Lead data analytics team in development of analyses and reporting requirements across several Mayoral initiatives and policy requirements. Must have the ability to manage expectations, projects, and staff and develop creative solutions to complex problems. ? Developing detailed methodologies in order to allow successful projects to be transferred and automated by client agencies. ? Establish, track and manage project schedule/critical path activities, status reporting, and resource plan development to ensure enhancements are completed on time, on-schedule and within budget.? Oversee staff and ensure team members understand project objectives, specifications, deliverables, timelines and tasks through ongoing clear, concise communication & motivation of project team members.? Collaborate with and provide ongoing project updates to internal management to assure integration of project, company, and functional goals towards achieving project milestones and timetables. ? Manage the collection and analysis of data for procurement cycle time and other key procurement performance indicators, and with the preparation of required annual reports and updates. ? Provide technical assistance, guidance and support to MOCS units and all of the City?s Mayoral agencies to meet expected timetables for procurement action milestones, support data collection initiatives and streamline procurement process and increase vendors? ability to do business with NYC, especially as part of the PASSPort project. ? Coordinate special projects as assigned, and represent MOCS in connection with various interagency task forces and working groups.Minimum Qualification Requirements: 1. Graduation from an accredited college with a baccalaureate degree; or2. Graduation from an accredited community college plus two years of experience with administrative, analytic, coordinative, supervisory or liaison responsibilities; or3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent plus four years of experience as described in ?2? above; or4. A satisfactory equivalent combination of education and experience Minimum Qual Requirements No job description available Preferred Skills ? A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, business or public administration, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, sociology, political science, mathematics, public policy, computer science or a closely related field; with at least five (5) years of related work experience, or? A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and demonstrated equivalent expertise in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization, with at least seven (7) years of related work experience.? Proven record of management of a data-oriented team working under ambitious timelines balancing multiple technology projects simultaneously. ? Ability to take initiative, prioritize duties, problem solve, work independently and within a team environment, pay close attention to detail, meet deadlines, work well under pressure and maintain an enthusiastic work ethic.? Strong quantitative and problem-solving skills; experience with empirical methods and data analytics including working with large, complex micro - data sets, building applied statistics or econometrics models, and/or conducting research.? Strong analytical, diagnostics and troubleshooting skills - ability to solve complex problems at scale specifically with network consensus solutions. ? Ability to interface with all supervisory and frontline staff, including senior management and other respective stakeholders both in and outside government.? Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), requirements gathering, database development and design, and testing, especially related to reports? Understanding of complex SQL queries, joins, and sub-queries, etc.? Demonstrable and deep knowledge of Data Warehousing, ETL, Business Intelligence, Data Visualization tools and architecture.? Proficiency in SAS, STATA, SQL, R, SPSS (and/or other statistical software), Python or other programming languages ? Advanced proficiency in MS Excel MS Access, MS Project, Visio and other products in MS Suite Additional Information Mayor?s Office of Contract Services is an equal opportunity employer. Special accommodations provided for applicants with disabilities.Mayor?s Office of Contract Services recognizes the unique skills and strengths gained through military service. Veterans and service members of the U.S. Armed Forces are strongly encouraged to apply. To Apply External Applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs and search for Job ID: 355447 Current City Employees, please go to www.nyc.gov/ess and search for Job ID: 355447No phone calls, faxes or personal inquiries permitted. Only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.