As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem-solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The University of Washington School of Nursing is an internationally top-rated school and leader in improving the health and well-being of individuals, families, and communities. One of three academic departments in the school, the Family and Child Nursing Department emphasizes the health and development of families and promotes healthy birthing and parenting. The School of Nursing has an outstanding opportunity for a Department Administrator. The Administrator for the Department of Family and Child Nursing is the key business and operations manager for the Department. This position is responsible for administrative leadership of the Department, specifically financial planning and management for the Department; management of Department human resources, academic program operations, research resources, compliance and risk, general operations and information, facilities; and other operational functions as necessary for the successful and financially sound business of the Department. The position reports to the Chair of the Department of Family and Child Nursing, with a dotted line to the School of Nursing’s Chief Operations Officer. This position also works closely with Finance and Administration (F&A) staff, and other Department Administrators to carry out these responsibilities. Duties and Responsibilities Financial Planning and Management Manage the financial resources of the Department to include budgets and funds from federal, state, private, University, and foundation sources to ensure ethical and fiduciary practices as well as strategic planning to meet system changes and future needs. Interpret policies and regulations, and provide budgeting and financial reporting and consultation to the Chair, faculty and staff to support the Department’s ability to achieve clinical, scientific, and educational goals and ensure compliance with the University’s policies and procedures as well as guidelines from the federal government, state, and other research project sponsors Plan, organize, direct and oversee the Department’s financial support operation, including the planning, budgeting, and accounting functions Develop and monitor policies and procedures to direct financial activities and establish the Department’s position on financial matters Human Resources Management Manage the human resources of the Department in accordance with University of Washington and SoN policies and procedures. Advises Department Chair and works with Director of Finance and Administration and Director of Human Resources and Organizational Development regarding staff HR. Hire, train and mentor staff, conduct annual staff reviews, initiate corrective actions, and provide retention/promotional opportunities for staff. Respond to and assist in providing support to staff on employee relations, training and development and compliance with/concerns around appropriate workplace behaviors, working with the school’s HR and central UW HR as appropriate. Identify and monitor payroll and appointments within the unit relative to Workday processing to ensure accuracy and consistency with overall Departmental budgetary planning and reconciliation, working with HR as appropriate. Ensure HR records and documentation within the unit are in accordance with policies and best practices. Academic Program Operations Management Support the Chair, Vice Chair for Education, and faculty in management of Departmental academic program(s) resources and teaching assignments. Assist in financial resource support of educational programs, in collaboration with Chair, Vice Chair for Education and faculty leaders, including staffing of TA/RA/SA. Manage educational program budgets, including: faculty grant buyouts and other quantifiable faculty service/duties; review and analyze school’s PCE budgets relative to Departmental programs; update teaching assignments with accurate costs, credit hours, and related salary/appointment information for courses, instructors, and TAs. Research Resources Management Support the Chair, Vice-Chair for Research in managing the the research resources of the Department, to include grant and contract staff and processes, research staff support, capital equipment, and physical plant. Reviews and approves all Department grant and contract applications. Assure that funded projects or programs are managed, request new budgets or extensions of existing budgets, maintain active files; account for sponsored funds and budgets, procure budgeted equipment and supplies, assist in the preparation of periodic reports and required government forms, respond to queries from sponsor managers/teams, coordinate site visits, and submit competitive renewals Design and implement administrative procedures for grant and contract administration, including: submission of grant and contract proposals, transfer of research projects from other institutions and coordination with the Offices of Sponsored Programs and Grant and Contract Accounting. Compliance and Risk Management Promote compliance and manage risk in accordance with policies of the University, UW SoN, and other oversight bodies, to ensure operations and resources are in alignment with mission and requirements. Implement current HIPAA and FERPA policies regarding Protected Health Information (PHI) and student information, as it is related to IT equipment, email communication, phone or other communication, and proper handling, disposal or destruction of information and documents Ensure that all spaces, rooms, laboratories have appropriate security measures in place to safeguard information, physical resources, and staff. Administration and General Operations Manage Department operations to ensure the day-to-day and cyclic requirements are met. Provides consultation to Chair as needed for plans, resources, and monitoring of programmatic activities; prepares reports, terminates programs. Manages the information requirements of the Department, to include academic, business, educational and research information needs; incorporating and utilizing the existing Information Technology architecture. Provide leadership on strategic planning, financial planning, policies and procedures, grant management, etc. Assess the need for additional resources and identify sources for additional resources to fit with Department initiatives; communicate planning factors to the faculty and staff to integrate activities with requirements or emerging trends Working with F&A and HR staff, school leadership and other department administrators, develop strategic plans for improved operations of the school. Implement and maintain efficient processes to comply with policies and procedures of SoN, UW and other approving offices or agencies internal or external to the university. Represent the department and the school through participation in various leadership and team management meetings both within and outside the department. Facilities Management Manage facilities to ensure effective, efficient, and safe operations and preservation of resources. Review and develop space plans, and assign space to staff and faculty, coordinating moves and/or relocations of offices and personnel. Maintain and manage the Department’s equipment inventory system. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Human Resources or other related field Additional Requirements: 5-7 years of relevant experience; including: financial planning and management, grant management, supervision, strategic planning and leadership, human resources and project/program management. Experience in a research, academic, or administrative setting. Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except where there are legal requirements such as license/certification/registration. Desired: Recent UW experience with financial planning and computer systems, Workday, and academic human resources.