Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. Data Science Software Manager - Plymouth Meeting, US Real-World & Analytics Solutions RWAS Technology As Data Science Software Manager , you will provide expert direction, guidance, insight and development in the specific product areas where high mathematical and scientific knowledge is required. This extends from product development to sales engineering and implementation. You must possess a unique blend of business, technology and scientific/mathematical knowledge. You must be able to envision the big-picture vision, and the drive and knowledge to make that vision a reality. You must enjoy spending time in the market to understand their problems, and find innovative solutions for the broader market. You must be able to communicate with all areas of the company. You will work with engineering counterparts to define product release requirements. You will also work with product management and marketing communications to help define the go-to-market strategy, helping them understand the product positioning, key benefits, and target customer. You will also serve as the internal and external evangelist for your product offering, occasionally working with the sales channel and key customers. Responsibilities The overall responsibility is to bring expert direction, guidance, insight and credibility in areas of product development that have a high mathematical / scientific / data science content. Provide ad-hoc scientific advice and subject matter expertise across a range of E360 products/solutions. Provide direction and insight to Scientific / HEOR / EPI based product requirements Act as Product Owner to appropriate Scrum teams according to Scrum methodology. Analyse potential partner relationships for the product. Help to establish the credibility of E360 solutions for scientific analysis. Deliver specific coding of scientific analysis routines within an overall software engineering framework. Ability to test and validate scientific algorithms and present those validations. Provide sales engineering and presentation capability for specialist product presentations. Work with product managers to define the go to market strategy for relevant scientific products. If necessary, provide customer implementation services for appropriate custom delivery projects. Act as a conduit between the E360 product development teams and the HEOR and EPI teams within QuintilesIMS for both requirements solicitation and product roll-out. Help to upskill product teams in HEOR, Biostats and Epidemiology through ad-hoc advice and training sessions Our ideal candidate: Essential experience Master’s degree (or Bachelor’s degree plus relevant work experience) in a quantitative discipline (mathematics, biostatistics, data science etc) Highly experienced in technology and/or scientific data analysis in the healthcare/pharmaceutical industry. A strong knowledge of mathematical and statistical techniques in HEOR and Epidemiology. A strong scientific programming background. An understanding of software engineering principles is strongly preferred. Experience selling and/or delivering products or consulting services to commercial organisations or the NHS Thorough understanding of the use of data and products in the RWI environment strongly preferred. Healthcare systems and/or pharmaceutical industry knowledge strongly preferred. Computer Science/Engineering or Mathematics degree or work experience a strong plus. This position requires travel to customer and non-customer sites in North America and Europe. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills required. Strong problem solving, analytical, project management and planning skills. The team The RWAS Remote Study team's mission it to deliver world class and globally scalable studies: Simple studies, executed as rapid queries, to assess study feasibility and availability of data Medium complex studies, characterizing the composition of a population: Their demographic structure, the distribution of their comorbidities, the duration between diagnosis and intervention, etc. Complex studies, estimating the association between clinical interventions and their outcomes – benefits and adverse events. Predictive models for determination of populations (phenotypes) or outcomes (patient-level predictions). This requires global leadership across technical and data architecture, data manipulation, analytics script and report generation, software development and data visualization. The solutions are delivered to a variety of clients across life-science, government, payer or provider organizations. The team also curates the largest collection de-identified Real-World Data in the world in OMOP Common Data Model, from different patient care settings in 18 countries worldwide, making it the forefront of “Big Data” in healthcare. Why Join? Those who join us become part of a recognized global leader still willing to challenge the status quo to improve patient care. In RWAS, you will have access to the most cutting-edge technology, the largest data sets, the best analytics tools and, in our opinion, some of the finest minds in the Healthcare industry. You can drive your career at IQVIA and choose the path that best defines your development and success. With exposure across diverse geographies, capabilities, and vast therapeutic and information and technology areas, you can seek opportunities to change and grow without boundaries. We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes. Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there! We invite you to join IQVIA™. _IQVIA is a strong advocate of diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We believe that a work environment that embraces diversity will give us a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and enhance our success. We believe that an inclusive and respectful workplace culture fosters a sense of belonging among our employees, builds a stronger team, and allows individual employees the opportunity to maximize their personal potential._