Are you interested in the opportunity to work for an industry-leading company whose work with cutting-edge technology is driven by something human: the lives our technology protects? If so, Northrop Grumman may be the place for you. It's not the systems that drive us: it's the soldier our systems bring home. It's not just the equipment that motivates us: it's the people our equipment protects. It's not the innovation that gets us up in the morning: it's whom those innovations serve. We're united by our work to help people and protect the world. And that mission makes our team even stronger. When you join Northrop Grumman, you'll have the opportunity to connect with coworkers in an environment that's uniquely caring, diverse, and respectful. Employees share experiences, insights, perspectives, and creative solutions with some of the best minds in the industry. We collaborate through integrated product teams, cross-functional teams, and employee resource groups, while thriving through the support of training and development, mentors and every day coaching, along with extensive health and work/life benefits. We're committed to our employees' professional and personal development and success. Northrop Grumman recruits top talent with traditional and non-traditional backgrounds in order to ensure our team is united, connected, skilled, focused and innovative. An inclusive workplace of people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives is the key to our performance. At Northrop Grumman, we want our employees to bring their whole self to work. All your different sides are welcome here, as we believe they make our team, our products and our services, that much better. Roles and Responsibilities: The ideal candidate will report directly to the Northrop Grumman Program Manager. This position will be in Austin, TX. The qualified applicant will become part of Northrop Grumman's Texas Integrated Eligibility Redesign System (TIERS) Data Center Services program. TIERS is an automated system that supports the Health and Human Services Commission's (HHSC) determination of benefit eligibility. Manage 24/7 Data Centers and supporting staff; Responsible for the direct daily supervision/management of the staff; Responsible for operational performance addressing cost, schedule, technical performance, and quality of a work according to contractual Service level Agreement, Key measurements and Project Schedules; Systematically review all existing processes and procedures and implement innovative changes to meet and exceed all contractual Service Level Agreements; Drive project completion via Agile project management methodology Manage operational environment that supports an Agile application deployment methodology; Positive track record of managing staff to increase team work and customer collaboration; Manage our administration network and support 3rd party provider that manages customer facing network as needed; Collaborate with Northrop Grumman and customer IT Architects to insure all proposed solutions defined in the TIERS Technical Roadmap fit into our current/future operational environment and support staff in the implementation of those approved changes; Implement new operational tools (monitoring and performance) automation to achieve efficiency gains, improve quality of operations, and meet all Service Level Agreements; Support the project management team by assigning the right technical skillsets to successfully accomplish project tasks; Maintain positive and proactive communications with 3rd party hardware and software maintenance providers in support of our data center operations; Maintain trusted relationship with our customer management team to achieve current and future operational direction; Work directly with the customer's management team on a daily basis while being co-located with the customer; Enforce all Northrop Grumman policies to achieve effective program execution; Provide objective-oriented direction to subordinates utilizing management guidelines & general policies. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree with a minimum of 10 Years of technical experience; 5 years of experience providing operational support to large data center (>3000 servers). Experience managing 20+ technical staff members (employees and contractors); Experience delivering stable and responsive server, data storage, and backup services for production, development, test and training environments while managing all environments according to customer security requirements; Knowledgeable in support of various operating systems (Windows, LINUX & Solaris); Experience supporting of Oracle Ops Center and Super Cluster environments; Knowledgeable in support of various storage solutions (NAS & SANS, EMC, Hitachi, etc.); Experience with leading and supporting Incident Management and Change Management procedures which are ITIL based; Experience with leading and supporting Major Problem Resolution efforts for environment outages; Experienced in the support of disaster recovery environments and failover processes and procedures; Proven ability to grow and expand Programs through additional business; Experience in the development of proposals in response to organic program growth and Requests for Proposals (RFP); The qualified candidate must be customer-focused with proven technology leadership skills and excellent communication skills; Leadership, peer engagement, and highly effective collaboration across multiple organizations. Must be a U.S. Citizen. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in a high-profile customer-facing role; Experience in migrating systems to the Cloud; Experience applying Agile/DevOps to Operations & maintenance services; Creative thinking, with strong organizational and analytical skills; Experience supporting government customers; Scrum Master Certification; ITIL Foundation Certification or higher. Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.