Job Description With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research is one of the world’s largest and most influential corporate research labs. IBM Research has an unmatched investment in basic research and core science as well as a commitment to invent the future of technology by making scientific breakthroughs that will transform industries and society. IBM Research is the birthplace of advanced hardware and software technologies; the first cognitive computing system; high-end, cloud and supercomputing systems; security and storage technologies; computing as a service; all these illustrate the company’s invention and long-term investment capabilities. We are seeking Research Staff Member candidates with demonstrated publication records in one or more of our focus areas and technical leadership potential. As part of the IBM Research team, you will conduct world-class research on innovative technologies and solutions, and publish in top-tier conferences and journals. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to the commercialization of the resulting assets. Demonstrated communication skills and ability to work independently, as well as in a team are highly desired traits. The World is Our Laboratory: No matter where discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Ability to work in a team environment, as well as independently Demonstrated communication skills Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Advanced knowledge in one or more of the following areas: Cloud computing infrastructure, including cloud platform and programming models; cloud infrastructure services; APIs; containers; DevOps techniques; microservices Computing and data services, including emerging platforms (Spark, SQL/NoSQL, Blockchain) Artificial intelligence computing infrastructure, including deep learning platform and services, accelerated cognitive systems, accelerators interface architecture, compilers and programming models, co-designed hardware/software Distributed computing theory and application, systems; services technology, including service management, analytics, automation and orchestration, cognitive services Memory controller architecture, memory performance modeling, memory standards and interfaces, cache design, non-volatile memory, NAND flash EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.