Are you technologically-savvy, process-minded AND people-oriented? Then we welcome you to come explore Equinor for your summer internship in our Operations Technology & Excellence group. You will gain exposure to ongoing digital projects as we transform how we work both in onshore and offshore operations, drive business efficiencies with process automations, extract knowledge from improved capturing of data, and much, much more. The below are some examples of what we look for in a candidate. If you have interest in developing any of the below, reach out to an Equinor representative. The people side of things: Have a forward looking approach together with product owner to understand the customer’s strategies, goals, risks and advise on improvements and opportunities for automation Take ownership of task activities, work estimation, stakeholder management, follow-up, and final delivery (planning to implementation) The process side of things: Experience with the software development lifecycle to include requirements definition and unit testing Document processes, design solutions, and develop technical specifications for developers The techy side of things: It’s great if you have had exposure to: Programming (e.g. SQL, Python, R), Microsoft Azure stack, Office 365, Power BI, Spotfire, Blue Prism With Equinor you will also be exposed to the newest digital technology used in the oil & gas industry and the use of advanced analytics and machine learning Qualifications Pursuing B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Computer Engineering, or CIS/MIS Personal Qualities Use foresight, and identify opportunities and challenges Be imaginative, ambitious and stimulate new ideas Challenge accepted truths and enter unfamiliar territory Make clear demands on each other and push for constructive change Understand and manage risk Be truthful and act with integrity Be curious, work together and share experience Promote and value diversity Communicate in a precise way, give and accept constructive feedback Bring up ethical issues and challenges immediately Deliver on promises Continuously develop sound expertise, demonstrate commercial awareness and customer orientation Strive for simplification and clarity, and focus on value-adding activities Act decisively and be loyal to decisions Show dedication and endurance, follow through and pay attention to important details Cause zero harm to people and prevent accidents Reduce the negative impact of our activities and products on the environment Act within the law and comfortably within our own ethical policy Demonstrate social responsibility and contribute to sustainable development Respect the individual, help others to succeed and contribute to a positive working environment We Offer . General Information Make sure that we are able to give your application consideration: Please attach copies of your diplomas, certificates and grades in English or Norwegian (or another Scandinavian language). Applications submitted without such attachments will unfortunately not be evaluated. If you are in the process of completing a degree, please upload an official temporary transcript or other document describing subjects and grades completed to this point. Our values are to be courageous, open, collaborative and caring. We believe in these qualities, which are essential for building an even stronger Equinor. If you can identify with them, you could be the one to strengthen our team. Candidates are expected to openly offer all relevant information about themselves during the recruitment process. All permanent and temporary hires will be screened against relevant sanctions lists to ensure compliance with sanctions law and increase security. An Equal Opportunity Employer: Females, Minorities, Veterans, Disables and Other Protected Groups. Statoil is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor – priority referral requested. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.