The Manager of Software Development (Data Delivery) works in an Agile environment and is responsible for one or more development teams made up of Software Engineers. The position will manage the Data Delivery teams that consist of Data Modeling, Data Access (PL/SQL programming), ETL and Reporting. This includes experience with RDBMS, Business Intelligence and Data Reporting technologies. Experience with Big Data is a plus. The Manager has development and support responsibility for a set of applications and systems, managing all estimating, design, development, and support of those applications. The incumbent is responsible for overseeing the execution of development efforts in support of both business driven initiatives as well as regular maintenance and infrastructure projects. Primary Responsibilities Creates and maintains resource level and staffing plans to meet business project requirements. Provides high-level project oversight to teams, ensuring development projects are delivered on time, within budget, and that they meet standards. This includes providing management reports on project deliverables and schedules. Organizes and participates in management meetings to determine the priority of projects that have been requested. Directs support activities to keep system applications running in a 24 x 7 x 365 environment, utilizing sound judgment and critical thinking skills, and demonstrating leadership and a sense of urgency. Organizes and participates in meetings with management to determine the priority of projects requested. Establishes and maintains a strong business partnership with internal users and external customers to fully understand and meet their technological needs. Drives and contributes to the development, modification and attainment of strategic and tactical goals. Performs budget management duties, including budget forecasting, adhering to departmental budget, and budget variance reporting. Analyzes current and new processes to identify the most efficient and inexpensive way to complete the objectives. Evaluates and recommends new and future technology to improve organizational effectiveness and customer service, reduce costs and provide a competitive advantage. Performs other duties as assigned.