3M is seeking a Machine Learning Software Engineer for the Automated Inspection and Measurement Systems Group located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The Automated Inspection and Measurement group is responsible for fundamental technology development, application investigations, system integration, technology deployment, and longer-term support across many 3M divisions in the areas of automated inspection, measurement, machine vision, automation, and process data systems. Within this group, there is increased emphasis on artificial intelligence and machine learning technology, particularly in the areas of image classification, segmentation, and various system optimizations. It is desired to accelerate development and implementation of this technology through implementations in existing platforms and new custom applications. The person hired for the position of Machine Learning Software Engineer will be responsible for development of new software for the integration and deployment of machine learning technology. This software development could consist of implementing an application-specific machine learning system or developing a user-friendly AI system for interactive creation of trained machine learning models. As time allows, there will be software development work on platforms unrelated to machine learning. The primary responsibility will be software development but interest in and understanding of machine learning technology is required. If a candidate has little experience but a strong interest in this area, training and education may be available. This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Working in a team environment to develop software and systems utilizing machine learning technology System software development using C Basic Qualifications: Possess a Master’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution OR possess a Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution and a minimum of two (2) years of software development experience in a private, public, government, or military environment Minimum one (1) year of C experience in a private, public, government, or military environment Preferred Qualifications: Master’s degree or higher in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, or other similar field from an accredited institution Minimum three (3) years of professional software development experience Familiarity with Python Professional experience in the general area of artificial intelligence with specific experience with machine learning related to image data Experience using software source control packages Strong leadership, communication, organization, and team skills Experience with image processing, signal processing, optics, and/or machine vision Experience developing software systems using pattern recognition, neural networks, deep learning, etc. Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation: Is authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).