Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division The Information Technology (IT) group at KLA-Tencor is involved in every aspect of the global business. IT’s mission is to enable business growth and productivity by connecting people, process, and technology. It focuses not only on enhancing the technology that enables our business to thrive but also on how employees use and are empowered by technology. This integrated approach to customer service, creativity and technological excellence enables employee productivity, business analytics, and process excellence. Responsibilities This is a technical role focused on building technical tools and structures based on established specifications. Generates ad hoc reports and regular datasets or report information for end-users using system tools and database or data warehouse queries and scripts. Integrates data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elements. Programs and maintains report forms and formats, information dashboards, data generators, canned reports and other end-user information portals or resources. May create specifications for reports based on business requests. Preferred Qualifications Deep understanding of visualization tools like Tableau, PowerBI and QlickView. Ability to communicate with all users throughout KLA-Tencor, gather requirements and create report specifications. Passion for statistics and should have good knowledge of the basic statistical concepts. Exceptional problem solving and analytical skills along with strong organizational and researching skills. Ability to identify the trends, business opportunities, and any other relevent issues buried within the data. Minimum Qualifications Formal training with business intelligence tools. Ability to analyze, parse and create reports based on users requirements. Some scripting and programming is a must. Knowledge using reporting visualization tool like Tableau and PowerBI. Great communication skills. Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.