What you’ll be doing... As our Network Business Development Negotiator you will be responsible for delivering innovative solutions to government agencies to make them more connected to the world today. You’ll work closely with leadership and State and Governmental Affairs to develop strategies that deliver win-win Master Lease Agreements for small cell deployment. As the Network MLA Negotiator you’ll deliver key presentations to stakeholders, and easily articulate how our technology can address unique challenges identified by city officials and developers. Negotiating Master Lease Agreements and Right of Way use agreements with local municipalities and utilities groups. Engaging key local influencers to deliver small cell development strategies. Partnering with Permit Consultants to lead outreach programs that educate communities of wireless facilities and small cells, emphasizing benefits to their community. Working closely with internal and external stakeholders to coordinate efforts in streamlining the processes of small cell deployment. Partnering with submarket stakeholders and keeping them apprised of your negotiation efforts. What we’re looking for... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. You understand how technology and services come together to solve business challenges. You’re a trusted adviser, people rely on you to make their operation run better. You have the natural ability to explain to customers in a comprehensible way how complex technology can easily solve everyday problems. You’ll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Experience working on an external facing project requiring public speaking and contract negotiating. Three or more years of experience managing projects. Even better if you have: A degree in a related field. Advanced knowledge of land use, right of way and zoning policies. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.