Job Description: The Executive Assistant/PS Operations Specialist is a Full Time Regular position working Monday-Friday Summary: The Executive Assistant /PS Operations Specialist performs administrative duties, functions, and projects as assigned by the IIPS Chief Operations Officer. This position will also assist in IIPS Operations by monitoring the distribution of the daily workflow and workload for Radiologists, and will assist in the area of physician scheduling, credentialing, quality and daily operations and will work closely with the IIPS Chief Operations Officer, Radiologists, IIBA Clients, PRAs and PS Operations staff General Description: The Executive Assistant /PS Operations Specialist interacts with the radiologists, other departments within all of the Inland companies, employees of various client organizations and the general public. A professional demeanor must be maintained at all times. Work requires independent judgment and initiative on assignments that are sensitive in nature and demonstrated ability to deal with high level contacts inside and outside the company. Excellent written, verbal and personal communication skills, tact, diplomacy and a high level of confidentiality are necessary. Essential Duties/Responsibilities: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Participates as an active working member of the PS Operations Team. Primarily responsible for answering the PS Operations line and the IIPS COO’s line, transferring calls to the appropriate staff, taking accurate phone messages, and responding to questions as needed. Helps address daily questions and concerns from physicians, PRAs and IIBA/IIPS clients. Assists with physician scheduling, to include, back up of day to day changes, quarterly work schedules and yearly vacation and week-end schedules. Assists with monitoring daily workflow and the distribution of workload for radiologists. Assists Radiologists when working onsite. Primarily responsible for scheduling all physician meetings including but not limited to Section and Committee Meetings and all meetings requested by IIPS COO. Verifies attendance by key members, prepares agendas, power point slide presentations, handouts/meeting materials. Handles logistics, sets up meeting space & teleconference links to remote sites. Attends and takes minutes at meetings if needed, distributes minutes and action items from meetings. Follows-up on all action items through their completion. Prepares, proofreads and edits letters and other confidential documents for COO. Maintains COO electronic calendar, and assists his/her with maintaining work and meeting schedules. Forecasts needs and tasks related to COO to ensure his/her preparedness. Assists with legal requests including deposition reminders, managing files, communication with attorneys, etc. Assists with IIPS contracting including creation of reading agreements, employment and shareholder agreements, tracking of documents and distribution to all parties involved. Responsible for managing Idoc and ensuring all information is updated and posted in a timely manner. Provides back up for credentialing requests. Responsible for compiling and distributing Physician FTE Data. Assists Quality with Credentialing Letters and quarterly quality reports. Handles pick-up, delivery and the distribution of daily mail to Physicians, IIPS COO and IIPS Operations Team. Monitors the PS Operations fax queue. Performs other various complex and confidential administrative duties in support of the IIPS operations department. Performs other projects and duties as requested or assigned. COMPETENCIES: Technical Knowledge : Demonstrates a working knowledge/understanding of all systems and applications used within the Inland system. Facility Knowledge : Demonstrates a working knowledge/understanding of a subset of specific Inland facility workflows. Responsiveness : Quickly responds to requests, ideas and suggestions in a non-defensive manner, taking appropriate action that facilitates cooperation and trust. Telephone Capability : Effectively uses the telephone as a tool for information gathering and sending, for customer servicing, and for establishing rapport and trust with others. Able to efficiently utilize Cisco phone systems. Flexibility : Quickly and effectively adjusts their behavior and objectives to meet a goal and/ or changing circumstances, e.g. changed work schedules, changed work location, customer needs, and strategic directions of the company. Stress Tolerance : Stays calm and level-headed under pressure and still performs well; displays an emotional balance that facilitates solid performance. Proactive : Senses when to step up and take charge of a situation. Actively moves work and processes to full closure. Team Player : Pitches in to a group effort; works well with different types of people; contributes and shares expertise to achieve desired result. Point of Contact : Effectively uses oral and written communication skills to respond to inquiries and complaints from customers in a manner that yields positive results. Is able to assess the contact's needs, filter messages, and assist or re-direct them for issue resolution. Self-Motivation : Maintains motivation for work despite problems, changes or daily work demands; is always a self-starter. Thoroughness : Appropriately tracks and follows up work assignments to ensure timely closure and completion. General Duties/Responsibilities: Ability to maintain strict confidentiality within the Inland Imaging Companies and Inland’s Customers. Free of alcohol and drug abuse. Valid state driver’s license and proof of insurance. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Detail oriented; ability to multi-task; organized and able to work in a fast paced environment. Adheres to departmental standards and personnel policies by demonstrating professional demeanor in conduct and appearance. Follows company departmental standards and personnel policies by using good teamwork and communication skills to help identify concerns and solutions, assisting where needed to ensure a smooth functioning department. Performs other duties as required by displaying team spirit and self-growth, accepting and performing other projects and responsibilities, and requesting other projects and responsibilities. Attendance is required for this position. Supervisory Responsibilities: There is little to no supervisory responsibility in this position Advocacy: Treats all clients with dignity and respect Provides excellent customer service Conforms to Joint Commission and HIPAA regulations Complies with PHI (Protected Health Information) Demonstrates the Inland Imaging Core Values: Show We Care, Do The Right Thing, Maximize Individual Potential, Always Aim Higher Qualifications: _Education:_ BA or AA in Business or a related field, or equivalent work experience. _Experience:_ Three years of administrative/executive assistant experience is desired Position requires advanced administrative skills. Detail oriented, ability to multi task, prioritize projects depending on the demand and work in a fast paced environment. Ability to work independently and follow instructions without close supervision. Excellent organizational skills Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Strong analytical, problem solving and sound decision making skills Detail oriented, ability to multi task, prioritize projects depending on the demand, work in a faced paced environment _Licensure:_ N/A _Certifications_ : N/A _Computer Skills_ : Highly proficient Microsoft Office Suite. Must learn and be knowledgeable in SyMed, Replicon, Isite, Medicalis, Fluency, EPIC, Smartsheet, Workday. _Background Check_ : Must be able to pass a background check required by RCW 43.43.830-840 to work with children under the age of 16, developmentally disabled persons or vulnerable adults In order to comply with provisions set forth in Sections 1128 and 1156 of the Social Security Act, all new employees of Inland Imaging Business Associates will be checked against the LIST OF EXCLUDED INDIVIDUALS provided by the Department of Health & Human Services, Office of the Inspector General (OIG). Employees must not be included on this list. _Drug Test_ : Eligible employees must be able to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test which includes marijuana. Nuvodia/Inland is an EEO employer...