Description _Keeping Washington Clean and Evergreen_ Protecting Washington State's environment for current and future generations is what we do every day at Ecology. We have a culture that is invested in making a difference. If you want to join a team that is highly effective, collaborative, and has leadership that embraces the value of people, Ecology is a good fit. Our Southwest Regional Office in Lacey, WA has a Forms & Records Analyst 1 position open. The Forms & Records Analyst 1 position supports the agency's mission through high-quality customer service to the public and Southwest Regional Office (SWRO) staff by providing assistance in all phases of records management and disclosing of public records in the Southwest Regional Office (SWRO). This position also is assigned secondary responsibility to provide clerical support for the SWRO. We are looking for applicants who possess excellent people skills, the ability to handle and recover from multiple interruptions, the ability to meet deadlines, the ability to remain organized, and the ability to communicate with a diverse audience. Creativity, positive energy, and the ability to work both independently and as a team are expected. As an agency, our mission is to protect, preserve and enhance Washington's environment for current and future generations. We invest in our employees to create and sustain a working environment that encourages creative leadership, effective resource management, teamwork, professionalism, and accountability. Maybe you've seen some of our recent stories on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or our blog. To learn more about our agency, please visit our website at www.ecology.wa.gov. _Local efforts... Diverse people... Statewide impacts_ Duties Ecology's Southwest Regional Office serves the Olympic Peninsula and Southwest Washington. The region includes nine different programs full of dedicated and talented biologists, planners, engineers, technicians, specialists, secretaries, hydrogeologists, and managers. Our office serves 12 counties, 68 towns and cities and 13 tribes, representing about 1.8 million people. Our territory makes up 15,870 square miles and includes 1,600 miles of marine shoreline, 18 major watersheds, numerous rivers, lakes, wetlands, forests, valleys, prairies, foothills, and mountains. Some of the key work activities of the Forms & Records Analyst 1 position are: Uses confidentiality and substantive knowledge of records management to provide support and assistance to SWRO staff in records management functions. Assists higher-level staff with the process of responding to public disclosure requests for SWRO. Provides clerical support to the SWRO by producing complex word processing tasks. Acts as the backup receptionist in the absence of the Customer Service Specialist 2, along with other duties as required or assigned which include attending training curriculum per agency requirements and professional development. Some additional work activities of the Forms and Records Analyst 1 position include: Assistance in all phases of manual, electronic and/or automated forms control, records management and/or public records disclosure. Review and research files, documents, and other data for completeness and accuracy requiring substantive knowledge of all regional activities and sites. Incorporate daily filing into existing files; sets up new files identifying appropriate subject or system code. Use the site file database and all other agency databases to assist in filing and for creation of new files, cross-referencing, ensuring correct filing and non-duplication of existing files. Enter and edit data in the regional site file database. Research public disclosure requests. Archive records per agency retention schedules using the agency's CRIIS database. Complete copy center requests, copy documents on site as required per review, scan documents into electronic files, prepare invoices, maintain copies, receive payment, prepare copied documents for mailing, and verify fiscal reports for accuracy on documents generated by public disclosure reviews. Assists in the analysis of manual, electronic and/or automated filing systems and in the design of alternative systems (with related indices, guides, etc.) to meet specialized office filing requirements. Proofreads material for SWRO staff and makes corrections for sentence structure, technical writing, Plain Talk, spelling, grammar, and punctuation. Checks work to ensure accuracy and completeness. Remains aware and takes care of details that are easy to overlook or dismiss as insignificant. The culture of the Administrative Team: The Southwest Regional Office Administrative Team is here to ensure the regional office is open for business from 8 to 5 every weekday. The Admin Team includes a Receptionist, Administrative Assistant, SEPA Coordinator, Fleet Coordinator, ERTS (Environmental Reports Tracking System) Coordinator, Public Disclosure and Records Information Management Coordinator and two additional records management staff. This recruitment will remain open until filled. The initial screening will be August 14, 2018. In order to be considered for the initial screening, please submit an application on or before August 13, 2018. The agency reserves the right to make an appointment any time after the initial screening date. Qualifications Required Qualifications: An Associate's degree in business administration, accounting, industrial engineering, or a related field; or high school graduation or equivalent AND two (2) years of experience in forms and/or records management. Must be proficient in the use of the internet, Microsoft Office Word, Excel, SharePoint, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Desired Qualifications: Familiarity with the State of Washington's records retention schedule. Familiarity with the agency and the work of its individual programs. Experience with gathering information over the phone and entering the information into a database accurately. Why work for Ecology? Joining Ecology means becoming a part of a team committed to protecting and restoring Washington State's environment. A career in public service allows you to help solve some of the most challenging problems facing our state, while keeping the health and financial security of you and your family a priority. We combine one of the most competitive benefits packages in the nation with a strong commitment to work/life balance. Ecology employees may be eligible for the following: Medical/Dental/Vision for employee & dependent(s), Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), Vacation, Sick, and other Leave, 11 Paid Holidays per year, Public Service Loan Forgiveness, Tuition Waiver, Long Term Disability & Life Insurance, Deferred Compensation Programs, Dependent Care Assistance Program (DCAP), Flexible Spending Arrangement (FSA), Employee Assistance Program, Commute Trip Reduction Incentives (Download PDF reader), Combined Fund Drive, SmartHealth Student debt and how working for Ecology can help Employees may be eligible for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) Program, which forgives the remaining balance on your Direct Loans after you have made 120 qualifying monthly payments under a qualifying repayment plan while working full-time for a qualifying employer. See https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/public- service for more details. _See the Benefits tab in this announcement for more information_ Supplemental Information Application Instructions: In order to be considered, applicants MUST attach the following documents as an attachment to their application: A cover letter describing how your experience, skills and abilities meet the required/desired qualifications of this position. A resume outlining your professional clerical and customer service experience. Please complete the applicant profile when applying for this position; or, you may paste the text of your resume within the profile's resume text field. Please read the supplemental questions carefully and answer completely. Incomplete responses, including "please see resume", may disqualify you from further consideration. Department of Ecology employees, please make sure to answer the agency-wide questions regarding permanent status as a classified employee within the Washington General Service or Washington Management Service. Do not forget to select Department of Ecology as a response to question 2, and type your personnel ID number for question 3. If you are not sure of your status or do not know your personnel ID number, please contact Human Resources at (360) 407-6186. If you are reading this announcement in print format, please visit www.careers.wa.gov to access the online recruitment system. Click on "Look for Jobs" and select Dept. of Ecology under the "Department" search list. Click "Apply Search." Other Information: If you need assistance applying for this job, please call Human Resources at (360) 407-6186 or e-mail careers@ecy.wa.gov. Please do not call this number or send an email to this address to follow-up the status of your application. You can view the latest status of your application on your profile's main page. If you have specific questions about the position, please email Abbe White at: awhi461@ecy.wa.gov. Please do not contact Abbe to inquire about the status of your application. The act of submitting application materials electronically is considered affirmation that the information is complete and truthful. The state may verify this information and any untruthful or misleading answers are cause for rejection of your application or dismissal if employed. This position is included in the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE) union bargaining unit for the Department of Ecology. The Washington State Department of Ecology is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a working environment that includes and respects cultural, racial, ethnic, sexual orientation and gender identity diversity. Women, racial and ethnic minorities, persons of disability, persons over 40 years of age, veterans or people with military status, and people of all sexual orientations and gender identities are encouraged to apply. Persons needing accommodation in the application/testing process or this job announcement in an alternative format may call (360) 407-6186. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call the Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6388.