At PCL, you are more than just an employee. You could be part of a team that works hard, plays hard, and makes a difference in your community. PCL offers competitive compensation packages, and a chance to be an owner in our 100-percent employee-owned company. We not only reward you financially, but give you challenging assignments and a supportive work environment which promotes personal and professional growth. Whether you are looking for a corporate or construction career, exciting opportunities are waiting for you. Our people have helped us stand out as a leading general contracting organization, which is why we are always looking for new talent-individuals who can bring innovative solutions and thinking to every project. We are seeking an experienced Systems Administrator for our Los Angeles District office located in Glendale, California. Responsibilities: Provide first-level contact and problem resolution for all users with hardware, software and applications. Resolve as many user-reported problems as expertise permits using available tools and following procedures and policies for the handling of support cases. Travel to Construction Job-sites to set-up and manage all IT resources including network, servers and desktop computing resources. Work with PCL Business Technology on delivering Business Technology Solutions to the District Office and Job-sites. Build and develop relationships at the District and Job-sites to understand District Office and Job-site Technology needs, communicating and developing solutions to those needs working with the Customer Advocacy group. Day to Day management and administration of District Office servers & network resources. Daily management of data back-up systems. Tracking and management of all district IT Assets – including hardware and software. Deployment, support and management of all district mobile devices. District video conferencing administration and support. Provide accurate and timely logging of problems and resolution for problems in the Service-Now problem management database. Escalate problems as appropriate following PCL IT procedures. Act as a liaison between customers and internal support staff to assure accurate problem interpretation. Maintain communications with customers during the problem resolution process. Utilizes superior customer service skills. Third party software support. Qualifications: High school Diploma with post-secondary in IT related field. 7+ years IT experience Ability to travel as required to District constructions sites Experience with Windows Desktop Operating Systems Experience with Windows Server Operating Systems Experience with Networking such as VPN, WiFi, Switching, Routing and Firewalls Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite of products Ability to effectively communicate both by phone and in person Demonstrated writing ability Demonstrated analytical and troubleshooting skills Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities and follow through on projects to completion Exceptional organizational and planning skills Professional PCL will not sponsor an employment visa for this position The PCL family of companies are consistently ranked among the best companies to work for, and we aspire to be the most respected builder, renowned for excellence, leadership, and unsurpassed value. Let us help you build your _Legacy_ today. PCL is an equal opportunity employer. Minorities/Female/Disability/Veteran