This Architect will primarily provide thought leadership and strategies on real-time intelligence that can enable relevant and meaningful customer journeys and optimized experiences, driven by architecture modernization and advanced designs cantered primarily on an agile, cloud-based architecture and service model. This person will create, refine and be the custodian of key reference architectures for the CCB Data Ecosystem, CCB Machine Learning, and software engineering patterns such as the Intelligence Engineering Pattern. A key part of the role would be to evangelize, plan and influence the adoption of these architectures and patterns. This person will have responsibility to direct the solution architecture designs within the CCB organization as it relates to Data and Analytics, and collaborate with Solution Architects in the various LOBs to do so. This person will guide agile teams through application of these patterns to key software products and will guide software engineering teams in implementing customer-driven autonomous application architectures. This person will work closely as part of the larger software engineering transformation lead by the Architecture Product Owners, Engineering Product Owners, and the Chief Architects and Chief Technology Officers in the CCB Data Ecosystem and other CCB lines of business. This person will participate in firm-wide forums on behalf of CCB to further advance architecture patterns within BigData, Machine Learning, and accelerated software engineering strategies. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: 10 years of experience with enterprise IT architecture, with a specific focus on applying Data and Analytics capabilities at scale. 10 years of experience with Information Architecture and Data Management design standards and best practices that enable data warehouses and BI. 5 years of experience deploying large scale, highly responsive, resilient, and elastic services based on event driven systems, cloud-based architectures and agile software engineering practices. Good knowledge about micro services and container-based applications designs, as well as software engineering and object oriented software designs. Hands-on experience with applications based on the Spark, Mesos, Akka, Cassandra, Kafka (SMACK) stack along with Hadoop-based data lake concept is a plus. Hands-on experience with Java, Spark, Scala, python programming models a plus. Advanced middleware design with Kafka, Flink, Spark Streaming, REST, and API gateway, along with a good knowledge of Open Source Software Frameworks such as Spring, Kubernetes, Hadoop, and TensorFlow are a plus. Capable to execute and deliver on a multitude of concurrent initiatives in a dynamic environment Proven experience in incident/problem management is a plus. Expert communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to lead and manage large meetings and workshops. Strong collaboration and influencing skills within a large organization. Technical thought-leader, with the ability to coach, guide and mentor. Ability to work independently as an individual contributor, and within a team environment. Comfortable in a fast dynamic environment with an ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously. Prior banking and/or financial services industry experience preferred. Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _Ready to use your expertise and experience to drive change? Apply today._