OVERALL SUMMARY: Music Clearance Administrator is responsible for music and footage clearances related to HBO's original programming and promotional programming. Reports to Vice President, Business Affairs. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES : Oversee music overflow clearances for high volume promotional campaigns (e.g. Westworld, Game of Thrones, etc.) in regards to clearance of sound effects and sound design elements used in connection with various HBO promotional campaigns and interstitial programming, including but not limited to HBO Original Series, Mini-Series, Films, Sports, Documentaries, Special Events, Licensed Theatricals and Cinemax Original Series. Responsible for entering the clearance information (i.e. terms and conditions such as licensed media, territory and term) for the sound effects and sound design licensed in the promotional campaigns and interstitial programming, in the internal database, SOAP. This is an important aspect in communicating with the Operations team and maintaining the accuracy of scheduling, exhibition and further distribution of HBO’s promotional campaigns and interstitial programming ensuring that such uses are in legal compliance. Implementation and maintenance of a new music cue sheet system currently being designed by an outside agency. Work with outside system manager to customize the format and make sure HBO’s requests/revisions to the software are received and implemented. Work with post production and music supervisors (. e.g. HBO Original Series, HBO Films, HBO Mini-Series, Cinemax Original Series, HBO Documentaries, HBO Comedy Specials and/or Live Events) to ensure timely delivery of cue sheets to HBO. Review cue sheets submitted by the production companies, edit/revise as needed. Submit final cue sheets to the U.S. performance rights organizations. Clearance and licensing of HBO owned master recordings and footage to third parties. Regularly communicate, consistently follow up with and monitor, pending quote requests and licensing matters, including but not limited to tracking of payments due/received and negotiation/preparation/review of licenses for such uses. Ensure receipt of fully executed agreements and payment/deposit of license fees. Act as a liaison with HBO’s music publisher and administrator in regards to HBO’s music copyrights. Analyze public performance royalty statements in regards to calculation of profit participation for various composers. Process the payment to such participants, when necessary. Process music and footage payments using HBO’s internal system. Additional ad hoc projects as assigned by the Vice President, Business Affairs. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum of 2 years’ experience at a network or studio with music and footage rights & clearances. Applicant must have strong communication and organizational skills and have the ability to multi-task and organize heavy project flow.