What Your Job Will Be Like JOB SUMMARY: Enters, reviews, and analyzes data within the database. Ensures the integrity of user data, makes decisions that affect user access, documents and records attributes, and formulates database query and retrieval scripts. Reviews database design and integration of systems and provides backup and recovery. Manages administrative and technical interfaces between the database and customers. Develops training and technical guidelines for customers. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Plans, coordinates, and administers computerized databases, including index structure, user documentation, long-range requirements, operational guidelines, and protection. Ensures the accuracy and completeness of data, access restrictions, and various support tools such as data indexes. Maintains and improves network-based computing systems, such as engineering workstations. Works with database administrators on training and problem resolution. Works with administrator or software vendors or developers to meet the needs of the customer. Responds to inquiries to solve problems and provide information and direction to the user. Maintains relevant computerized records, files, and databases, including backups, logs, and journals, in compliance with Sandia National Laboratories procedures. This position supports a 24/7/365 facility which requires rotating, day and/or night, 12-hour shifts, within a 3 on-2 off-2 on-3 off schedule, which by its nature includes mandatory overtime. (5 12-hour shifts in a given 10-day period) Ability to work any shift in a 24-hour/day, 7-day/week operation on a rotational basis including weekends, holidays and mandatory overtime. Able to meet schedules, production deadlines, and multiple priorities occasionally under conditions of urgency and in pressure situations. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Skill with information-based databases. Skill utilizing software diagnostic tools. Ability to understand the application and utilization of software packages. Ability to conduct appropriate troubleshooting processes and conduct appropriate upgrades. Ability to maintain accurate records. Ability to effectively communicate with customers, vendors, and database administrators. Ability to develop training materials and processes relevant to the database. Knowledge of computer operating system platforms and network environments that support the database. Supports a wide range of computer hardware, including servers, file storage subsystems, workstations, and peripherals, in addition to databases Knowledge of operating systems, including UNIX, Linux and Windows Monitors the overall operation of the network and intervenes when bottlenecks or off-normal behavior occurs. Responsible for networking, security, systems administration, and monitoring the operation of computer equipment and associated software. Able to obtain U.S. Department of Energy and Other Government Agency (OGA) security clearances for this position. Qualifications We Require Requires high school diploma or equivalent. Active U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) granted Q level security clearance or active clearance with another US government agency, e.g., DOD, to be considered for this position. Ability to obtain and maintain a SCI clearance, which may require a polygraph test. Qualifications We Desire Experience working in mission focused environments with access to sensitive and classified information. About Our Team The Special Programs Department (SPD) is responsible for managing and executing a variety of classified efforts at SNL's California site, including both Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Programs. These efforts entail providing communications services to a variety of customers. The SPD works closely with the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA), Department of Defense (DoD), and Intelligence Community (IC) to accomplish these efforts. About Sandia Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs: Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide Extraordinary co-workers Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world Career advancement and enrichment opportunities Flexible schedules, generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance _World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers._ Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov These benefits vary by job classification. Security Clearance Position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) granted Q-level security clearance to start. Position requires an active Department of Energy (DOE) granted Q-level security clearance or active clearance with another US government agency, e.g., DOD, to be considered for this position. Sandia is required by DOE directive to conduct a pre-employment drug testing, and a pre-employment background review that includes personal reference checks, law enforcement record and credit checks, and employment and education verifications. Applicants for employment must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by the DOE, rendering the inability to perform the duties assigned and resulting in termination of employment. EEO All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. IND123