Job Title: Associate Data Manager Employment Type: Full Time Location: Fort Washington, PA Reporting to: Manager, Data Management Duties & Responsibilities: Key responsibilities and skills may include, but are not limited to: Participate in the review of Clinical research documents (e.g., Protocols, Case Report Forms, Reports and Statistical analysis). Develop Data Management Plan (DMP), maintains DMP throughout lifecycle of study project and ensures DMP is followed according to study design and requirements. Develop Case Report Form (CRF), electronic and/or paper. Develop database (DB) clinical trial data specifications, including eCRF design, user requirements, edit rules/checks, query logic and data validations. Lead EDC database (DB) specification process Develop Data Transfer Agreement(s) (DTAs) between external data vendors and/or core labs. Reconcile electronic data transfers from vendor to Sponsor. Develop test scripts and execution logs for User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Coordination of UAT of eCRF build and validation documents, included but not limited to: edit check document, issue logs, UAT summary report. Maintenance/tracking of EDC user management and other Clinical databases across allocated Clinical trials, including but not limited to, compiling master user lists and activating/deactivating user accounts. Perform training on study trial for EDC and create user guides. Ensure clinical data within EDC is in quality to lock/unlock and freeze/unfreeze as appropriate for statistical review, interim review, and or final database lock- included but not limited to: data reconciliation and/or coding. Assist in defining and/or create data listings, summary table validation, data specifications and/or process data transfers in preparation for statistical review and/or data management audit. Coordinate the archiving of study databases and related documents. Perform close-out audit, as specified, for closing of study trial in EDC or other clinical data management DBs. Assist in reconciling AE/SAE data in Safety DB and/or other Data Management DB, including but not limited to, performing MedDRA and/or WHO coding. Assist and provide input into study and project level data analysis plan. Coordinate and communicate with DB vendors on consistent basis to address Clinical teams’ requests, project plans, and/or eCRF development activities. Participate in the preparation and presentation of data, when applicable. Perform other activities as required. Essential Skills Required & Education: Bachelor’s degree in a science related field. At least 1-2 years data management and/or related work experience in a medical device or pharmaceutical industry/company is preferred. Working knowledge of Good Clinical Practices, Good Manufacturing Practices, Clinical research, Clinical trial process and related regulatory requirements and terminology. Working knowledge of Clinical database applications such as EDC FMD K&L; is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Committed to Diversity Tagged as: clinical, data management