Receives incoming shipments from off-loading areas and checks receiving vouchers to ensure quality and quantity of items received. Assembles items into groups based on information shown on receiving vouchers, segregates materials as necessary and routes along appropriate processing lines. Holds materials for inspection according to established procedures, and routes items not requiring inspection to proper storage. Reports overages, shortages, or damaged conditions to supervisor. Based on knowledge of warehousing plan, selects storage locations and stores, stacks, and palletizes items considering their use, size, shape, quantity, and possibility of contamination to or from other items. Selects items for shipment or issue. Checks condition of shipping containers and ensures that items are properly loaded or packed. Obtains authorized signature on issue documents and keeps necessary copy of requisition to account for issues. Assists in end- of-month inventories of stock by counting items in storage areas. Ensures that supplies and equipment are safeguarded and secure at all times. Prepares shipping and inventory documents with required data for manual or automated inventory systems. Secures all storerooms as required. Adheres to fire and safety regulations. Performs other related duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: Must have experience in and knowledge of a wide variety of warehouse plans, methods, procedures, and techniques of material handling. Must be physically able to frequently lift and carry objects weighing up to 40 pounds. Must be able to satisfactorily complete a pre-employment physical. Must have a valid driver’s license and provide current copy of driving record. Must be able to satisfactorily complete a NACI. _This is a designated drug testing position. The incumbent will be subject to random testing for drug use_ OTHER SIGNIFICANT FACTS: Knowledge of a wide variety of warehouse plans, methods, procedures, and techniques of material handling. Ability to operate mechanized equipment for storage and retrieval. Lifting and carrying supplies, materials, and equipment weighing up to 40 pounds. Heavier items are moved with equipment or the assistance of other workers. Required to stand on hard surfaces for extended periods of time. Bends, stoops, and works in tiring or uncomfortable positions. Usually works indoors and occasionally outside in areas that may be hot, damp, cold, drafty or poorly lighted. Exposed to possibility of cut, scrapes, bruises, and abrasions. Requires caution in working with moving parts during operation of equipment. BENEFITS: Regular Employment: Guaranteed a minimum of (20) twenty hours to a maximum of (40) forty hours per week. Eligible for leave, retirement, 401 (K), health and life insurance. All Non-appropriated Fund employees are eligible to use the fitness center, golf course, bowling center, clubs, swimming pools and other facilities Applicant's application and/or resume must reflect required qualifications. You are responsible for uploading any documentation that supports your preference claim, experience, and/or educational background. We are not responsible for employment ineligibilities based on missing information or lack of documentation. Be sure to upload the following requirements if claiming a preference. POSSIBLE DOCUMENTS FOR UPLOADING: If claiming Military Spouse Preference (MSP) - PCS Orders If claiming Veterans Preference - DD 214 Member Copy 4 If on Leave Without Pay - AF Form 2545 or DA 3434 Additional Requirements: _All Federal NAF employees are required by PL 104-134 to have salary payments made by electronic funds transfer/direct deposit._ _Any individual who was required to register with Selective Service and who is not registered or knowingly and willfully did not register before the requirement terminated or became inapplicable, will not be appointed._ _NONMERIT FACTORS_ _: Selection will be made without regard to non-merit factors such as race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, age, politics, disability, or sexual orientation, which do not relate to successful performance of the duties of the position except where specifically authorized by law_ _._ NOTE: For current appropriated fund (APF) employees, portability pay setting rules apply (REF:AFMAN 34-310, NAF Personnel Program Management and Administration Procedures, para 13.6.2.2).