Company Overview and Values Why work at Entegris? Lead. Inspire. Innovate. Define Your Future. Not everyone who works for a global company shares the same background, experiences and perspectives. We leverage the differences of our employees to bring new ideas to the table. Every employee throughout the company is encouraged to share input on projects and initiatives. Our decision making process is truly a collaborative effort as we realize there are leaders at every level of the organization. We put our values at the core of how we operate as an organization — not just when it’s convenient, but in a lasting and meaningful way. We want the time and energy you spend here to have a positive impact on your life inside and outside of the office. Entegris is a values-driven culture and our employees rally around our core PACE values: P eople A ccountability C reativity E xcellence The Role The Materials Supervisor will ensure materials are handled properly and accurately in support of a 24x7 manufacturing operation. In addition, the Supervisor is responsible for coordinating all warehouse training and managing all warehouse personnel, both direct and indirect. This position interfaces with Procurement, Production Scheduling, Quality Assurance, Manufacturing, Finance, Safety, and Logistics. In this role you will Manage warehouse organization and appropriate and efficient inventory management. Includes receiving, shipping, material movement and storage, order preparation, kitting and packaging. Works to improve and develop processes to maximize material accuracy and minimize adjustments. Assure warehouse SAP transactions are completed correctly and on a timely basis. Maintain and enhance processes that demonstrate data integrity. Subject matter expert for warehouse related SAP transactions. Ownership of warehouse layout, warehousing processes, mobile equipment use and safety, storage strategy, and flow. Maintains clean and safe work areas at all times. Directs warehouse workers in daily / weekly duties including material put-away, cycle counting, kitting, and material movement. Traits we believe make a strong candidate Bachelor’s degree in relevant field. 10+ years of experience in warehouse operations management including: shipping / receiving, kitting, packaging, warehousing, training of staff, inventory control, and logistics in a 24 x 7 operation. Proficient with ERP (SAP) and Microsoft Office (Excel and Word) software. Ability to gather relevant data, analyze, communicate findings, and develop / implement action plans. Ability to operate, understand, train others in proper use of, and maintain warehouse equipment. Demonstrated proficiency in project management, presentation skills, continuous improvement methodology, conducting Kaizens, and effective problem-solving methodology. Your success will be measured by People and Teamwork: properly staffed and trained warehouse Accountability, Integrity and Trust: inventory accuracy, kitting time, on-time shipment Creativity and Innovation: problem resolutions are applicable, efficient and impactful Dedication to Excellence: delivering superior customer satisfaction on a routine basis What we offer: Our total rewards package goes above and beyond just a paycheck. Whether you’re looking to build your career, improve your health, or protect your wealth, we offer generous benefits to help you achieve your goals. Very Competitive total compensation plans. A 401(K) plan to help you plan for your future with an impressive employer match that’s all yours- no vesting! Great health, dental and vision insurance packages to fit your needs to ensure you’re happy and healthy. A progressive PTO policy that empowers our employees to take the time they need to recharge! _At Entegris we are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. Our policy is to recruit, hire, train, and reward employees for their individual abilities, achievements and experience without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, marital or military status._