Technologist We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance. If you’re a curious learner who wants to develop customer-centric products from idea to production within small, empowered, agile teams, join our tech team. As a Technologist you will work with other engineers, technologists and architects to help develop customer-centric digital software products from idea to production. This is a fast-paced environment providing rapid delivery for our business partners. Liberty Mutual is looking for someone who enjoys working in a highly collaborative environment that values speed and quality, with a strong desire to drive change as we continue on our agile transformational journey. In this role, you would: Act as a solutions engineer working within modern architectures and frameworks while experimenting with newer technologies and tools. Collaborate with development teams and architects experienced with these newer technologies to ensure solution alignment with technical architecture, business plans and long term strategy. Guide the development of system, technical and product standards based on business plan and vision. Make recommendations to improve process efficiency and effectiveness, providing input to major architectural designs to ensure consistency, security, maintainability and flexibility with respect to overall system, technical and product architectures within a domain or portfolio. Continually enhance full delivery pipeline through automation, expanded yet increasingly efficient test coverage, ultimately optimizing time-to-market and quality Plans and manages execution of architecture migrations. Maintain strategic partnerships between vendors, business partners, and Technology. Deliver artifacts, technical alternative documents and architectural designs that meet business requirements. Oversee design reviews and frameworks. Contribute to decisions that impact profitability and operational effectiveness. This role might be for you if you have: Bachelor`s or Master`s degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience; technical Master`s degree preferred. Generally a minimum of 10 years related experience. In-depth knowledge of IT concepts, strategies and methodologies. In-depth knowledge of diverse and emerging technologies and new architectural concepts and principles. Knowledgeable in software engineering languages and tools; proficient in new and emerging technologies. In-depth understanding of layered solutions and designs; in-depth understanding of shared software concepts and product features, as well as security minded. In-depth knowledge of business operations, objectives and strategies; in-depth understanding of global business and technology trends and the financial services industry. Highly developed negotiation, consensus building & influencing skills, facilitation and the adaptability to respond to change quickly. Highly developed oral and written communication skills; strong presentation skills. Ability to effectively collaborate with all levels of the organization. Highly competitive applicants will have: Experience working with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Lean Startup, XP) and cross-functional teams (Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, Designers, Business Analysts) Ideally familiar with Design Thinking, Behavior and Test-Driven Development Strong coding skills, problem solving and troubleshooting. Strong leadership, communication and collaboration skills with track record of taking solution ownership C needed and Java programming helpful for various projects, .NET, ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PowerShell Experience in Cloud computing - Azure and/or AWS Platform, preferably PaaS services. Git version control CI/CD pipelines Understanding of modern JavaScript frameworks like Angular, React Container technologies such as Docker or CloudFoundry Benefits : We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Overview : At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed. We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual. Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Washington-Seattle Schedule: Full-time Salary: $127,000-$167,000 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Travel: No