Build what Matters Join us and be part in shaping the next era of mobility: connected, electric, and autonomous. The Technology Office in Mountain View is leading BMW’s efforts to develop these areas to craft the next generation of sustainable, high performance driving machines. We look for candidates with a bold temperament to work with us in small agile teams rapidly iterating on new prototypes to advance premium mobility. The Machine Learning Engineer - Autonomous Driving DevOps is responsible for executing projects within the Autonomous aspect of the BMW strategy to speed up delivery of innovations to customers. Specifically, he/she is responsible for identifying and implementing new technologies and business opportunities in Silicon Valley. As a subject matter expert in autonomous driving, he/she understands and executes the transformation of the engineering workforce to state of art agile and customer-centric development. He/she has a vast understanding and network in Silicon Valley to generate and implement new ideas for products and services with partners. Join the team at BMW of North America and enjoy a high-performance employment package which includes: Company paid Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance Employee car program 401(k) Savings Plan Retirement Income Account Minimum Requirements Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field 2-4 years professional experience in industry managing relevant innovative projects and/or products related to machine learning. Experience with data storage, cleaning, processing, (automatic)-labeling topics, and related on a hypervisor Experience with hypervisor and optimizing workload on clusters (load distribution and balancing) Bonus Experience: Experience deploying machine learning algorithms onto a cluster Experience with automation of pipeline for end-to-end training and deployment of algorithms Experience with parallelization of machine learning training infrastructure Experience with parallel processing and load distribution of reprocessing tasks on a hypervisor BMW NA is an EO employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.