About Mac & Mia Mac & Mia is an e-commerce startup for children’s clothing in Chicago. Parents sign up to request a box by filling out a style survey. Our stylists create a personalized box containing 8-10 pieces of clothing and accessories for each customer. Customer keep what they love from the box and send back the rest. It is our job as an Operations and Inventory team to execute an exceptional box experience for each customer. We're looking for all-star associates to add to our rapidly growing team. This role requires past experience working in a warehouse or retail environment, specifically picking, packing, returns and inventory processing. We are actively looking to hire team players who can dive right into any task when needed, quickly adapt to a changing environment, and get excited about the possibility of growing into other positions or responsibilities within the company. Management or leadership experience is a plus. Our customer's experience is the top priority so attention to detail is a must! Our office is located on 18th St in between Chicago's Chinatown and Pilsen neighborhoods. Public transportation is close and free parking is provided. Job Type: Part-time. Candidates must be able to work up to 30 hours/week with flexible and consistent availability on most weekdays, from 9am-5pm. Weekend shifts are also a possibility. Required education: High school or equivalent As an Operations Associate, you will: Pick Orders Pack Shipments Process Returns Restock Shelves Manage Inventory Perform Quality Control Execute any other necessary operational functions Uphold all operational policies and procedures You should apply for this position if you: Have 1+ years experience in Retail Operations, e-commerce fulfillment and/or warehousing Have a positive attitude, you’re adaptable, and can learn quickly Are reliable for efficiency, accuracy and attention to detail Work well in a fast-paced, team-orientated environment that requires a high degree of multi-tasking Proficient in technical applications and/or Google docs Have the ability to be on your feet for most of your shift and moving around the warehouse. The job requires occasional sitting, standing, walking, lifting, carrying, and pulling objects up to 50 pounds. _Candidates must also pass a background check for employment purposes._ _Mac & Mia is an equal opportunity employer._