Homecare Homebase is an established software development and hosted services leader, providing exceptional products and services to agencies in the Home Healthcare and Hospice industries. We offer a state of the art product suite which combines the power and portability of the Smartphone with proven web- based back office and administrative services. Homecare Homebase has thousands of users across the United States and we are experiencing incredible growth. Our set of Home Health and Hospice products utilizes a Microsoft/VMWare/Citrix hosted solution created using Visual Studio components, ASP.NET, C, MS SQL Server and other current technologies. We co- locate our data center services in Louisville, KY and Dallas, TX. As a Senior Database Administrator at HCHB you will be an integral part of a team responsible for the installation, configuration, maintenance, architecture, and monitoring of our customer and internal databases. You will be working in a team environment supporting data protection, operational restores, high availability, system design, and other critical database systems. Major Tasks, Duties, and Responsibilities: Work independently and take a lead role on projects with minimal supervision. Serve as a go-to resource for questions related to database systems. Identify database performance and capacity requirements by analyzing current workloads and utilizing best practices. Serve in an architectural capacity for database high availability and disaster recovery design. Support team initiatives by developing tools and identifying opportunities for process automation; assist in evaluation and selection of standard tools for the department. Support and build automated system installation and setup processes. Interact positively with customers to support processes critical to business operations. Monitor and troubleshoot database instances; perform root-cause analysis; identify opportunities for improved system performance, assist development teams with implementation. Work closely with System Administration team to support infrastructure enhancements and maintenance. Participate in production support on-call rotation to triage and resolve critical issues outside of business hours. Contribute to other team efforts as needed to support day-to-day database operations. Qualifications: 8+ years of experience in an Information Technology environment with at least 6 years in a Database Administration role directly supporting MS SQL Server. Expert knowledge of common database administration tasks such as backup & restore, recovery models, integrity checks, and replication methods. Expert knowledge of SQL design and architecture best-practices. Firm understanding T-SQL coding best practices and techniques. Firm understanding of index design, creation, and management best practices. Experience automating SQL Server administration tasks and workflows. Knowledge of powershell scripting in relation to database administration tasks is preferred. Expertise with modern SQL Server scalability and availability features (i.e. AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Resource Governor). Familiarity with modern SQL Server security features is preferred (i.e. AlwaysEncrypted, Dynamic Data Masking, Row Level Encryption) Expertise in query tuning and performance optimization is preferred. Experience with Microsoft Azure-based database systems is preferred. Experience with common tools utilized in our environment such as SentryOne, Splunk, Litespeed SQL Backup, Git, ServiceNow, and JAMS Enterprise Job Scheduler is a plus. Basic knowledge of common data warehousing methodologies is a plus. Strong desire to maintain a high level of professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices; and participating in professional societies. Prior knowledge of SSRS administration and troubleshooting is a plus but not required. Bachelor’s degree in a related field is preferred, but not required. Position can be in Dallas, TX or in Louisville, KY.