Overview At Raising Cane’s, we have a culture of appreciation. The Cane’s Love Manager leads, manages, and executes the Respect, Recognition and Reward programs that support the culture of appreciation. She/he specializes in all Cane’s Love projects and programs based on the annual Cane’s Love calendar. She/he must be a creative team player who likes to work hard, have fun, and show sincere dedication to Raising Cane’s and the Culture. Also, the Cane’s Love Manager, measures the efficiencies and effectiveness of all Cane’s Love initiatives to ensure desired return on investment is achieved. This person also keeps programs new and innovative to maintain Crewmember engagement levels and works cross-collaboratively with our Operations, Marketing and Crew Resources teams. Required Core Competencies The intellectual and physical demands described below are representative of what must be met by a Crewmember to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Service minded individual Must be creative and innovative Must be able to effectively collaborate with other departments to produces results. Is detail oriented, process driven, and accurate. Can understand and connect with Restaurant and RS Crewmembers. Respectfully reflects Cane’s Culture with all actions. Is innovative and flexible with change. Can analyze change, think critically, and produce results in challenging situations. Ability to set goals, take initiative, multi-task and convert plans into action, i.e. results oriented Has excellent interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills. Processes the ability to measures team and self-performance. Ability to deliver results under heavy pressure deadlines Must maintain disciplined time management and follow-up work to completion Ability to work in a fast paced, consumer brand organization Responsibilities Manages Cane’s Love Program Calendar– Oversees the project manage of activities that relate to Respecting, Recognizing, and Rewarding Cane’s Crewmember. Standardizes and scales programs to provide innovative and easily executable solutions for Operators and Restaurant Support Office. Program Development & Execution - Makes business proposals and project plans for all Cane’s Program and manages process from philosophy to practical applications for Operators. Researches/Develops New Ideas/Programs – Researches and implements new ways to show Cane’s Love to Crewmembers. Manages Department Budget – Develops, manages, and follows a departmental budget to ensure that all Crewmembers are rewarded according to their performance and are shown appropriate Respect and appreciation. Oversees the department inventory. Produces ROI statements with each program and reduces company turnover by efficiently planning initiatives to maximize retention. Support Company Meetings & Events – Assist with regularly scheduled meetings such as Operator Training Meetings, Restaurant Support Office business meetings, and all special events. Communication – Develops communication strategies to support each program. Coordinates with the Communication and Restaurant Excellence teams to ensure alignment. Mentors Operators and Restaurant Support Office to provide solutions for showing Respect, Reward and Recognition to their Crewmembers by using effective communication strategies and program execution. Collaboration - Partners with internal cross-functional teams to develop and execute Cane’s love programs and initiatives. Cultural Liaison – Provides a direct connection to the Raising Cane’s Culture. Qualifications Experience with managing an internal employee engagement strategy and executing initiatives which build engagement Exceptionally strong project manager who can design and take initiatives from abstract to concrete Able to manage competing, high-priority demands; prioritizing workload, managing projects and multiple responsibilities against strict deadlines Strong interpersonal/collaboration skills. Ability to establish credibility/rapport with senior stakeholders globally and in a virtual environment Superior oral and written communication skills. Able to adjust communication style based on the audience Ability to tell a clear and compelling story through PowerPoint, and advanced skills in all Microsoft Office applications Excellent strategic thinker, with demonstrated experience translating strategic goals/concepts into action plans and implementing initiatives at an operational level Creative problem-solver; sees the value in active brainstorming and collaborative innovation. Experience leading / managing others Experience with analytics and people data that drive engagement Education (or equivalent experience) Bachelor’s Degree required HR Certifications a plus Requirements Advanced analytical skills with Microsoft Excel Advanced proficiencies with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint Outlook) Intermediate proficiencies with Adobe Creative Suite Experience with employee recognition and rewards programs desired Knowledge of the QSR/Fast Casual, or other customer service-based industry is preferred Event planning experience a plus Must be able to travel as needed (estimated travel at 20%) Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.