All Covered, IT Services Division of Konica Minolta Business Solutions (KMBS) , is the leading national IT services company serving SMB to enterprise markets. Offering a wide variety of career opportunities, All Covered is an excellent choice for motivated IT professionals interested in a stimulating and progressive work environment. With over 1,000 employees across the U.S. and Canada, All Covered has a highly skilled team of professionals focusing on superior quality service delivery to our customers. We offer hands-on technical training on the most relevant technologies in the industry and career path advancement in all levels of the company. Please join us in our exciting growth and pursue a rewarding career with All Covered! Position Objective The IT Services Consultant (ITSC) role is market-based sales and business development position. An ITSC may cover a single large market or multiple smaller markets within the region. The primary responsibilities of the role are to help grow All Covered sales through presenting and closing:Recurring professional, managed and cloud service solutions or All Covered Care (ACC).Strategic and complex IT project and procurement opportunities to prospects and existing clients.These sales are consultative to our prospects and customers and collaborative internally. ITSC’s rely on operations, delivery, relationship management, executive and other sales resources throughout various stages of an opportunity’s progression.ITSC’s will work closely with the local Konica Minolta Business Solutions sales team and their customers to cross-sell our services for the mutual benefit of each division.Additionally, ITSC’s develop their territories through business development initiatives and networking activities such as mixers, tradeshows, Better Business Bureau and Chamber of Commerce initiatives, etc. as well as by soliciting references from existing All Covered customers.The IT Services Consultant (ITSC) role is market-based sales and business development position. An ITSC may cover a single large market or multiple smaller markets within the region. The primary responsibilities of the role are to help grow All Covered sales through presenting and closing:Recurring professional, managed and cloud service solutions or All Covered Care (ACC).Strategic and complex IT project and procurement opportunities to prospects and existing clients.These sales are consultative to our prospects and customers and collaborative internally. ITSC’s rely on operations, delivery, relationship management, executive and other sales resources throughout various stages of an opportunity’s progression.ITSC’s will work closely with the local Konica Minolta Business Solutions sales team and their customers to cross-sell our services for the mutual benefit of each division.Additionally, ITSC’s develop their territories through business development initiatives and networking activities such as mixers, tradeshows, Better Business Bureau and Chamber of Commerce initiatives, etc. as well as by soliciting references from existing All Covered customers. Essential Job Functions Apply an in-depth understanding of All Covered services, programs, and sales methodology to address complex and strategic ACC, project and procurement opportunities. Work with regional engineering project resources, regional relationship management resources, sales and management resources to achieve and exceed quota.Work with Konica Minolta local offices to cross-sell IT Services to their client and prospect base. Provide thorough and accurate insight into the financial results and forecast of sales of strategic and complex ACC, project and procurement services. With support from marketing and channel strategy resources, present special programs to prospects and All Covered Care clients. Develop a thorough understanding of how All Covered services create value for customers.Develop a thorough understanding of technology services and trends. Key Performance Metrics:Sales Activities.Managed Services Quota Attainment.Project Services Quota Attainment.Project Procurement Quota Attainment.Client Retention.Apply an in- depth understanding of All Covered services, programs, and sales methodology to address complex and strategic ACC, project and procurement opportunities. Work with regional engineering project resources, regional relationship management resources, sales and management resources to achieve and exceed quota.Work with Konica Minolta local offices to cross-sell IT Services to their client and prospect base. Provide thorough and accurate insight into the financial results and forecast of sales of strategic and complex ACC, project and procurement services. With support from marketing and channel strategy resources, present special programs to prospects and All Covered Care clients. Develop a thorough understanding of how All Covered services create value for customers.Develop a thorough understanding of technology services and trends. Key Performance Metrics:Sales Activities.Managed Services Quota Attainment.Project Services Quota Attainment.Project Procurement Quota Attainment.Client Retention. Competencies (Knowledge, Skills and Abilities) Sales/business development experience, with a record of meeting and exceeding quota.High level of financial acumen, in order to have “business discussions with business people.” Strong communication, presentation, listening skills.Ability to effectively deliver difficult messages while emphasizing positive, future-oriented perspectives.Technical aptitude, with the ability to appropriately apply technical service base to individual customer needs.Highly adaptable to changes in business direction, services, and needs from a prospect, client and All Covered perspective.Possess the ability to influence vs. control others.Successful track record of sales and relationship management with notable accomplishments.Strong analytical and strategic thinking skills.Ability to coordinate multiple sales activities.Exceptional interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.Exception planning, organization and time management skills; self-starter.High level of professionalism and integrity; good judgment.Good negotiating skills.Superior work ethic and high energy level. Ability to work with all levels of the organization.Computer skills (including Word, Excel, SalesForce contact management).Sales/business development experience, with a record of meeting and exceeding quota.High level of financial acumen, in order to have “business discussions with business people.” Strong communication, presentation, listening skills.Ability to effectively deliver difficult messages while emphasizing positive, future-oriented perspectives.Technical aptitude, with the ability to appropriately apply technical service base to individual customer needs.Highly adaptable to changes in business direction, services, and needs from a prospect, client and All Covered perspective.Possess the ability to influence vs. control others.Successful track record of sales and relationship management with notable accomplishments.Strong analytical and strategic thinking skills.Ability to coordinate multiple sales activities.Exceptional interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.Exception planning, organization and time management skills; self- starter.High level of professionalism and integrity; good judgment.Good negotiating skills.Superior work ethic and high energy level. Ability to work with all levels of the organization.Computer skills (including Word, Excel, SalesForce contact management). Experience, Educational Reqts and Certifications 3-5 years of experience in the Managed IT Services, or IT Services industry.4-year college degree or equivalent industry experience.3-5 years of experience in the Managed IT Services, or IT Services industry.4-year college degree or equivalent industry experience. Konica Minolta Offers: Competitive salary (base salary + commissions). Strong results are well rewarded; President’s Club winners have earned trips to Ireland, Panama, Banff and this year, Atlantis, Bahamas. Outstanding benefits package (including medical, dental, vision, life insurance) 401(k) plan with matching company contribution Generous holiday and paid time off schedules Tuition Reimbursement Program Ongoing professional development training including access to online Harvard Manage/Mentor courses Konica Minolta is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender identity, disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status or partnership status, genetic information, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable law.