We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role We're looking for a data scientist to build state of the art ML and statistical models that uplevel our pricing systems What You’ll Do (Sample Projects) Predict Express Pool matching efficiency using route-aware models that incorporate real time features Reinforcement-learning models for surge pricing Innovate at the intersection of machine learning and causal inference Work with engineering to build production models using Tensorflow What You’ll Need Experience with data analysis, experimentation, and machine learning Energetic attitude and excitement about building advanced pricing systems Proficiency with Python, and bonus for Numpy, Pandas, Tensorflow Proficiency with SQL and Hive / Spark About the Team The Rider Pricing team is responsible for the algorithms and systems that determine prices for every trip on the Uber platform. The models built by our team set prices that trade off engagement and profitability on $20 billion in annualized gross billings, and they work to maintain market reliability via dynamic pricing in all of Uber’s 600+ cities. We’re a team built on data, and execute by leveraging the best of quantitative disciplines, from machine learning to operations research, statistical inference to econometrics and structural modeling.