We are looking for a Security Analyst to join our Cloud Software's Security Operations Center (SOC) team. NVIDIA's invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized artificial intelligence computing. Being a leader in graphics computing and gaming industry for more than two decades and now truly driving the future of technology and high performance computing backed by our GPUs and CUDA programming platforms. With initiatives like real time Game Streaming services GeForce Now, Deep Learning service like Nvidia GPU Cloud and Self Driving / Autonomous Vehicles solutions like DrivePX2; Nvidia has taken the world challenges head-on and behind all that we have Nvidia’s high performance non-commodity extraordinary GPU based cloud platform. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are looking for an excellent SOC professional to join our Cloud Security team to help build Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) processes that enable timely and dedicated security incident response. You will have a passion for security and innovation, who will contribute to identify, detect malicious activity and respond to it to help protect our infrastructure and our users. You should thrive on finding security issues and eradicating them as well as a desire to make life hard for the bad guys. This is a great chance to create an impact on the industry, working alongside some of the top valued diverse minds in security and cloud software engineering, with the goal to invent future product security technologies doing what you enjoy. If this sounds like a fun challenge and you are a hands-on security analyst, we want to hear from you! What you'll be doing: Review the alerts to determine relevancy and urgency. Create new tickets for alerts that signal an incident and require Tier 2 / Incident Response review. Run vulnerability scans and review vulnerability assessment reports. Manage and configure security monitoring tools as needed (netflows, IDS, correlation rules, etc.) Leverage emerging threat intelligence (IOCs, updated rules, etc.) to identify affected systems and the scope of the attack. Review and collect asset data (configs, running processes, etc.) on these systems for further investigation. Explore ways to identify stealthy threats Determine and direct remediation and recovery efforts. Recommend how to optimize security monitoring tools based on threat hunting discoveries. Conduct targeted penetration tests on production systems to validate resiliency and identify areas of weakness to fix. What we need to see: 8+ years of hands-on experience in SOC or Security Incident response teams, with a Bachelor degree preferred but not required. Experience with cloud, IaaS, PaaS, ‘network-as-a-service’ environment is preferable Experience in security log analysis using various querying tools Background in network service, content provider operation, or larger scale cloud hosting Understanding of current security issues and threats and risks that can manifest in larger scale complex systems Working knowledge of Windows and Linux (Redhat/CentOS and Ubuntu) networking Experience working with Windows and Linux log analysis using Kibana, Splunk and other similar tools Experience with vulnerability scanning tools such as Nessus, Nexpose is preferred Desired experience coding Python, Shell or Perl scripts in order to push software and network interaction Desired understanding and/or experience of AWS security Excellent communication skills and team spirit NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.