Performs work required for the successful delivery of analytic projects to client working individually and in a team environment taking direction from account leadership. The project engagement may include working closely with other CIAs (local and remote/outsourced), Client Engagement Managers and Account Managers as appropriate to develop and deliver analysis activities required to support the Managed Analytics projects. The role requires effective creativity to approach and explore business hypotheses and provide supporting and actionable analytical evidence to show how operational change would derive business value. Many areas of analysis are similar but some engagements present new problems and require an analytical approach to be crafted for the first time. A primary tool in this analysis that will require mastering by the CIA is Nexidia Query Builder for the creation of contextually accurate speech and text interaction metrics. This position is not initially customer facing. It has growth potential in line with developing competency across the breadth of the solution suite and depth of analytical and integration functions. There is the potential to introduce client facing tasks such as analytic findings presentations, etc., under the guidance and direction of other analytics resources as experience is gained. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Serves as a core member of the Nexidia Managed Analytics team in the following capacities: Understand the business objectives of the Analytical Services engagement. Utilize Nexidia applications to understand the content of client voice calls, emails and chats, and discern patterns worthy of further analysis. Definition and development of the associated speech/text queries to support the analytical approach. Perform analysis of query results and compile information to support the analytical objectives through the Nexidia Interaction Analytics application, leveraging and creating interactive reporting views, visual dashboards, supervisor portals, compliance workflows and word clouds. Work with the project team to develop actionable recommendations, business cases and presentations as a result of analysis. Participate and contribute to daily stand-up calls on project progress. Participate in client calls and presentations as necessary. Maintain project documentation and status. Research industry knowledge for assigned client(s) using external resources and leveraging internal knowledge. ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILTIES Continually expanding analytic and customer management skillsets Sharing insights and experiences with peer group to raise the capabilities of the entire team. Other duties as required. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Demonstrated excellent analytical, creative and problem solving skills Keen attention to detail. High “numeracy” and ability to frame verbal questions in mathematical terms. An inquiring mind, curiosity and desire to understand ‘why’. Listening skills and empathy, especially involving customer to business transactions. Ability to rapidly assimilate new technologies and teach yourself. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal Ability to successfully work as a team in a rapidly changing environment. Self-starter. You don’t wait to be asked; you volunteer and consult with others to drive work to completion. Interpersonal skills enabling you to operate effectively at all levels; you build strong relationships both in person and when working remotely. Good business acumen. Demonstrated ability to handle stressful situations and remain calm. You are organized and capable of producing project documentation. High proficiency with PowerPoint and Excel. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE High school diploma; Bachelor’s degree preferred. Evidence of inquisitive disposition and its application in a past or current role. Contact center experience desirable. Bilingual or Multilingual skills a plus PHYSICAL DEMANDS / WORK ENVIRONMENT _Physical Demands:_ Some overnight travel by car or plane may be required. May require international travel. _Work environment:_ Professional office environment that is entrepreneurial, creative, innovative, team-oriented, inspiring, diverse and challenging with dedication to creating and developing cutting-edge business solutions for our customers. Working conditions are normal for an office environment; work may require occasional weekend and/or evening work.