Job Summary The Safety Analyst will be responsible for supporting all functions of MBTA Safety Department. Duties & Responsibilities Work closely with the operating departments of the Authority to document and track accidents and incidents. Participate in the evaluation of new and existing project plans, a part of the MBTA's Management of Change Program. Conduct accident/incident investigations involving Authority vehicles, facilities, construction sites, employees and/or equipment. Prepare specialized accident/incident reports, root cause analysis, system safety assessments and corrective action plans as required by the System Safety Program Plan (SSPP) and in accordance with state safety oversight. Work collaboratively with MBTA managers and supervisors to identify and mitigate hazards. Work closely with field representatives from the Department of Public Utilities (DPU) to resolve identified safety issues. Participate in the review of Safety Personal Protective Equipment as well as other related safety equipment. Assist with identifying trends for purposes of developing mitigation strategies to reduce the frequency and severity of these occurrences. Report safety/security critical data to oversight agencies such as: the Massachusetts Departmentof Public Utilities (DPU), Federal Transit Authority (FTA), and the National Transit Database (NTD). Participate as a member of the Safety/Security Audit team in the administration and execution of the Internal Safety/Security Audit Program to ensure adherence to the SSPP, Federal, State and local regulations, industry standards and published MBTA policies and procedures. Ensure that all required documentation and reports are completed accurately and forwarded to the appropriate operating areas including the DPU and the NTD in accordance with established time frames. Respond to each inquiry, whether from a customer, vendor or coworker in a courteous and professional manner. Drive a company or personal vehicle to visit/inspect work sites and to assist at emergencies and/or events as needed. Perform night and weekend Safety Duty Response in rotation with other Safety staff. Respond or report to work as directed by supervisory personnel for emergencies, extreme weather conditions or any other abnormal conditions that impair service or the safety of service, twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week. Adhere to the rules, regulations, collective bargaining agreements (if applicable) and policies of the Authority including the EEO, Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment and Anti-Retaliation policies. Perform related duties and projects as assigned. Minimum Requirements/Qualifications A Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution. Experience in compiling, analyzing and reporting information into databases. Effective organizational, analytical, multitasking, time management and interpersonal skills. Ability to demonstrate strong analytical, communication and report writing skills (Finalists selected to interview will be required to submit a writing sample at the time of interview). Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Database applications. The ability to effectively communicate with regulatory agencies, community organizations and others on technical and sensitive matters. The ability to pass: background screenings and drug and alcohol screening. Ability to provide internal and external customers with a courteous and professional experience. Have a satisfactory work record including overall employment, job performance, discipline and safety records. For internal candidates, the aforementioned applies for the two (2) years immediately prior to the closing date of this posting. Infractions and/or offenses occurring after the closing of the posting and before the filling of a vacancy may preclude a candidate from consideration. The ability to work any and all shifts and/or locations as assigned or directed. Availability to work twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week. The ability to work with a diverse workforce. Substitutions Include A High school diploma or equivalent (G.E.D.) from an accredited institution, with the ability to comprehend, communicate and respond to instructions, orders, signs, notices, inquiries, etc. in English Two (2) additional years of experience in compiling, analyzing and reporting information into databases may be substituted for the above degree requirement. PREFERENCES INCLUDE : A Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Business, Economics, Computer Science, Urban Planning, Safety or related field from an accredited institution Experience working in transportation, safety, security or related field Working knowledge of Crystal Reports, IndustrySafe and Access Database.