Systems Adminsitrator Level 1 This position monitors and performs basic system administration tasks on our production server environments. This position also provides the first level of support to end users by handling service requests via remote access, over the phone, or email. They will be required to remediate issues for network, desktop, and server problems. Candidates must have the ability to analyze existing systems and make proactive recommendations for improvements. Maintaining accurate documentation of all systems, applications, and networking configurations is essential. Qualifications 1-2 years recent computer, server, and network troubleshooting experience Must be resourceful and able to take initiative in a dynamic environment Ability to effectively and efficiently troubleshoot technical problems Advanced knowledge of current Microsoft desktop Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Windows server operating systems Basic knowledge of Office365 administration Advanced knowledge of computer and server hardware Familiarity with basic network troubleshooting Professional customer service skills Strong written and oral communication skills Ability and willingness to work in a fast paced environment supporting a broad range of customer types BS in Computer Science or related field Responsibilities Monitor all production systems. Run pre-assigned tasks based on schedules. React to customer requests to check status and diagnose server issues. Make basic configuration changes as needed. Participate in Helpdesk call queue to provide first level support. Provide resolution for escalated service tickets. Work with clients to evaluate and solve technical problems. Evaluates existing systems and/or user needs to analyze, design, recommend, and implement system changes. Configure and support internal and/or external networks. Troubleshoot network performance. Recommend upgrades, patches, and new applications and equipment. Maintain a log of completed work using an incident-tracking application.