Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Austin, TX, USA The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Cloud Sales Engineer Manager you will lead a team of pre-sales engineers who are trusted technical advisors to our higher education customers for the Google Cloud Platform and G Suite for Education. Higher education customers, including 4 year colleges, research universities and junior/community colleges, have unique characteristics you will learn in this customer-facing technical sales role. In this role, you will interact and manage a diverse group of engineering professionals. Additionally, you will maintain technical expertise and be prepared to engage directly with prospects as the opportunities presents themselves. You will work cross-functionally with our Product, Support, Engineering and Sales teams. As a leader of an entrepreneurial team, you will help shape the future of how technology is used in higher education by managing large accounts, building relationships, emphasizing the value of technology in research and education and building technical solutions in cutting-edge research areas. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Collaborate with Sales and Customer Engineering (CE) management to determine proper staffing levels to support annualized sales goals, establish job requisitions, assemble candidate pool and lead the interview team to fill open positions. Assess CE team’s go-to-market readiness, identify gaps in CE preparedness and build plans to ensure the CE team is properly trained and equipped to successfully perform in support of annualized sales goals. Work with Google Cloud Sales team leadership to identify, qualify and prioritize coverage for sales opportunities and participate in periodic opportunity review meetings to provide insight on ways to grow our business. Work with the Sales Account team, Customer Support, Product Management, Customer Solutions and Engineering to resolve product challenges affecting pre and post-sales customer satisfaction. Travel up to 50% of the time to visit customers across a defined geographic territory. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience as a technical field engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a similar customer facing role. Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or Master's degree in Computer Science. 7 years of experience as a customer-facing field engineer or 3 years of experience as a field engineer manager. Experience with HPC computing paradigms and related technologies (e.g. SLURM, Broad GATK) in relation to Life Sciences data processing pipelines. Experience in data and information management and big data trends. Experience with Linux and the software lifecycle and an understanding of application development platforms, enterprise networking, identity management systems, PaaS, SaaS, IaaS, public cloud and related industry and technical concepts. Demonstrated ability to tailor messages to diverse audiences, translating technical expertise through common simple language. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.