Nintendo of America Inc. The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Nintendo Switch ™ system and the Nintendo 3DS ™ family of portable systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System ™ , Nintendo has sold more than 4.5 billion video games and more than 710 million hardware units globally, including Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, as well as the Game Boy ™ , Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS ™ family of systems, Super NES ™ , Nintendo 64 ™ , Nintendo GameCube ™ , Wii ™ and Wii U ™ systems. It has also created industry icons that have become well-known, household names, such as Mario, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Zelda and Pokémon. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for Nintendo’s operations in the Americas. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company’s website at http://www.nintendo.com DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES The BI Senior Business Analyst drives strong partnerships between IT, business clients and vendors. You will enable data driven decision making for various Nintendo business groups such as supply chain, finance etc. by crafting scalable business solutions that retrieve and aggregate data from multiple sources and presenting it in a digestible and actionable format. You will have a direct impact on future growth opportunities for Nintendo’s business units. Successful candidates will demonstrate: a passion for business intelligence, data analysis, a bias for action, deep dive, attention to details, ownership and customer-obsession. Develop Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing and Reporting solutions to address growing business reporting, analytics and data requirements. Support engagement activities to analyze business environments, gather business requirements and create data visualizations in support of product. Assess the feasibility and cost effectiveness of proposed solutions and advise clients and key stakeholders. Partnering with constituents to define ongoing analytics and reporting needs, ensuring that needs are documented, costed, and prioritized appropriately, and that a mid to long-term solutions delivery schedule is established. Work collaboratively with software engineers to define and translate requirements into developed solutions. Manages software development lifecycle (SDLC) activities, including release planning, requirements gathering, design, configurations, planning, creating and executing test cases and analyzing results. Ensures work is completed in such a way to comply with established best practices, compliance regulations and internal controls. Provides on-call support for data load processes, as needed. Serve as liaison between business constituents and internal/global IT teams to provide support of existing systems and collaborate on strategic roadmaps to align business initiatives and product development.