Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm. Our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, physicians, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve complicated problems facing corporations, insurers, government entities, associations and individuals. Our approximately 1000 staff members work in 26 offices across the United States and abroad. Exponent has over 800 consultants, including more than 500 that have earned a doctorate in their chosen field of specialization. Exponent's Human Factors Practice is seeking a Scientist for our Phoenix, AZ office. This position will be responsible for conducting user research studies for major consumer electronics manufacturers and serving as project manager on a potentially large number of such engagements. Additional responsibilities will include: Supporting a range of consulting activities that involve human factors in accidents and their prevention, including limitations of human perceptual, cognitive, and response capabilities Developing client contacts Working on multi-disciplinary projects Providing case management, data processing, and other project support Conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards Participating in the design and evaluation of warnings and safety information The ideal candidate for this position has an interest in user experience research and/or usability testing in a real-world setting and also possesses a strong scientific background in the foundations of cognition, perception, and human decision-making. Candidates should furthermore be comfortable working in a professional engineering and scientific consulting environment, which demands a high degree of self-motivation, dedication, and resilience to stress. Qualifications for this position include: Ph.D. in Experimental or Cognitive Psychology Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as strong interpersonal skills Strong mathematical aptitude and proficiency with statistics Solid foundation in science of cognition, perception, and human decision making Consummate project management skills and ability to juggle multiple teams concurrently Must be assertive, a self-starter, and able to work with accuracy under pressure and/or deadlines To learn more about life at Exponent, check out our Graduate Students page at www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students! We are an Affirmative Action, Equal Employment Opportunity, Veterans and Disabled Employer.