Summary Coordinates activities of workers engaged in preparing snacks and lunches by performing the following duties personally or through subordinate supervisors. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Plans weekly menus of nutritional value, and snacks as ordered per department. Purchases foods and food service supplies. Inspects food and food preparation to maintain quality standards and sanitation regulations. Consults with administrative staff and Principal to develop policies and procedures for operating school kitchens and cafeterias. Conducts research program to improve existing practices and services. Supervisory Responsibilities Manages subordinate supervisors who supervise a total of employees in the Catering Component. Is responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of these units. Also, directly supervises six non-supervisory employees. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. Competencies To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Continuous Learning - Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; seeks feedback to improve performance; pursues training and development opportunities; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; shares expertise with others. Analytical - Collects and researches data; uses intuition and experience to complement data; designs work flows and procedures. Job Knowledge - Competent in required job skills and knowledge; exhibits ability to learn and apply new skills; keeps abreast of current developments; requires minimal supervision; displays understanding of how job relates to others; uses resources effectively. Use of Technology - Demonstrates required skills; adapts to new technologies; troubleshoots technological problems; uses technology to increase productivity; keeps technical skills up to date. Design - Generates creative solutions; translates concepts and information into images; demonstrates attention to detail. Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Project Management - Develops project plans; coordinates projects; communicates changes and progress; completes projects on time and budget; manages project team activities. Customer Service - Manages difficult or emotional participant situations; responds promptly to participant’s needs; solicits customer feedback to improve service; responds to requests for service and assistance; meets commitments. Communications - Expresses ideas and thoughts verbally; expresses ideas and thoughts in written form; exhibits good listening and comprehension; keeps others adequately informed; selects and uses appropriate communication methods. Cooperation - Establishes and maintains effective relations; exhibits tact and consideration; offers assistance and support to co-workers; works cooperatively in group situations; works actively to resolve conflicts. Managing Customer Focus - Promotes participant focus; establishes customer service standards; provides training in customer service delivery; monitors customer satisfaction; develops new approaches to meeting customer needs. Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; demonstrates group presentation skills; participates in meetings. Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; puts success of team above own interests; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information. Change Management - Develops workable implementation plans; communicates changes effectively; builds commitment and overcomes resistance; prepares and supports those affected by change; monitors transition and evaluates results. Performance Coaching - Defines responsibilities and expectations; sets goals and objectives; gives performance feedback; motivates for increased results; recognizes contributions; encourages training and development. Team Leadership - Fosters team cooperation; defines team roles and responsibilities; supports group problem solving; ensures progress toward goals; acknowledges team accomplishments. Delegation - Delegates work assignments; matches the responsibility to the person; gives authority to work independently; sets expectations and monitors delegated activities; provides recognition for results. Leadership - Exhibits confidence in self and others; inspires and motivates others to perform well; effectively influences actions and opinions of others; accepts feedback from others; gives appropriate recognition to others. Managing People - Includes staff in planning, decision-making, facilitating and process improvement; takes responsibility for subordinates' activities; makes self available to staff; provides regular performance feedback; develops subordinates' skills and encourages growth; solicits and applies customer feedback (internal and external); fosters quality focus in others; improves processes, products and services.; continually works to improve supervisory skills. Quality Management - Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness. Visionary Leadership - Displays passion and optimism; inspires respect and trust; mobilizes others to fulfill the vision; provides vision and inspiration to peers and subordinates. Business Acumen - Understands business implications of decisions; displays orientation to profitability; aligns work with strategic goals. Conflict Resolution - Encourages open communications; confronts difficult situations; maintains objectivity; keeps emotions under control; uses negotiation skills to resolve conflicts. Impact & Influence - Pursues and wins support for ideas; displays ability to influence key decision-makers; achieves win-win outcomes; uses authority appropriately to accomplish goals; addresses divergent opinions. Cost Consciousness - Works within approved budget; develops and implements cost saving measures; contributes to profits and revenue; conserves organizational resources. Diversity - Demonstrates knowledge of EEO policy; shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; educates others on the value of diversity; promotes a harassment-free environment; builds a diverse workforce. Ethics - Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works with integrity and principles; upholds organizational values. Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values; benefits organization through outside activities; supports affirmative action and respects diversity. Strategic Thinking - Develops strategies to achieve organizational goals; understands organization's strengths & weaknesses; analyzes market and competition; identifies external threats and opportunities; adapts strategy to changing conditions. Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; manages competing demands; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. Achievement Focus - Sets and achieves challenging goals; demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; measures self against standard of excellence; recognizes and acts on opportunities; takes calculated risks to accomplish goals. Personal Appearance - Dresses appropriately for position; keeps self well groomed. Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at meetings and appointments on time. Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals.; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Initiative - Volunteers readily; undertakes self-development activities; seeks increased responsibilities; takes independent actions and calculated risks; looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; asks for and offers help when needed. Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity; meets challenges with resourcefulness; generates suggestions for improving work; develops innovative approaches and ideas; presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention. Judgement - Displays willingness to make decisions; exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions; includes appropriate people in decision-making process; makes timely decisions. Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; uses time efficiently; plans for additional resources; sets goals and objectives; organizes or schedules other people and their tasks; develops realistic action plans. Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality. Quantity - Meets productivity standards; completes work in timely manner; strives to increase productivity; works quickly. Safety and Security - Observes safety and security procedures; determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience High school diploma or general education degree (GED); and six months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Will need a SERVSAFE certificate within 30 days of job acceptance. Language Skills Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of participants or employees of organization. Mathematical Skills Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's. Ability to perform these operations using units of American money and weight measurement, volume, and distance. Reasoning Ability Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Computer Skills To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of ie. Google Chrome, or Internet Explorer Internet software and Word, Microsoft Office Suite Word Processing software. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations SERVSAFE Certificate Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; talk or hear and taste or smell. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions; moving mechanical parts; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals and risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.