Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Salesforce Application Engineer configures software functions and activities for web-based and cloud-based internally hosted applications. This person ensures the stability, integrity and efficient operation of information systems and applies communication, analytical and problem-solving skills to identify and resolve issues. Responsibilities Design, develop, test and implement application changes Implement, configure and manage multi-user systems Improve and automate processes, including data retrieval Maintain the integrity and functionality of applications and systems Be familiar with product trends and technology innovations for any assigned or related systems Develop automation scripts and programs to remove manual system configuration Analyze, evaluate and propose system changes to business sponsors and application end users Understand the details of each managed system and educate end users on best practices Design, develop and implement application information security architecture in an enterprise environment Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science or an equivalent field Two years of related CRM application administration work experience and knowledge Two years of experience configuring servers and systems Experience with Force.com developer toolkit (Apex, Visualforce, Force.com IDE, Force.com Migration Tool and Metadata APIs) One year of experience analyzing system failures to minimize outages and interruptions Experience taking projects from initial concept through planning and implementation Experience with development and scripting, specifically with C, PHP, PowerShell, VB Script, JavaScript or similar languages Strong research and analytical skills Knowledge and experience of application administration and configuration What’ll Make You Special Experience with the Salesforce Platform and Salesforce Service Cloud Experience with other CRM technologies Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._