Overview A recognized market leader in Communications and Collaboration, LogMeIn has a broad portfolio of products that create simpler, more intelligent ways for people to meet, market and train to deepen relationships and drive better outcomes. These include award winning products such as join.me, GoToMeeting, GoToWebinar, GoToTraining, Grasshopper and OpenVoice. LogMeIn’s combined communication and collaboration products support over 20 million users, with over 900 million conferencing minutes a month contributing to over 7 million meetings per month, and over 12 billion voice minutes per year. About the Role The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst develops and supports the C &C BU by analyzing data to provide actionable insights that will enable business improvement efforts across the BU. The Business Analyst will work in partnership with cross-functional teams to develop the strategy and design of analytics projects as well as synthesize findings into insights for action. The role will coordinate data analytic activities across the different functions while identifying key metrics for measuring impact and accountability of key initiatives. The preferred candidate demonstrates advanced skills to analyze and present information in reports, dashboards, and key data visualizations. In the Business Analyst role, you'll use your leadership skills, technology insight, business acumen, and creativity as the team uses a data driven approach to enable decision making and drive a deep understanding of our growing business. Responsibilities Build reports, dashboards, models and tools to analyze, report, and present operations related data that is associated with customer pipeline, product usage, bookings forecasting, and business productivity. Support engagement activities to analyze business environments, gather business requirements and create data visualizations in support of strategic projects. Provide insights to the business through analysis of bookings, product usage and customer to drive greater efficiency and effectiveness of our BU. Qualifications BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience as an Analyst, or in a relevant Analytical role such as sales support, market research or financial analysis. Experience analyzing data and creating reports with database query tools (e.g. SQL, Tableau), statistical and quantitative modeling. Strong project management skills required Strong communication/presentation skills About LogMeIn simplifies how people connect with each other and the world around them to drive meaningful interactions, deepen relationships, and create better outcomes for individuals and businesses. One of the world’s top 10 public SaaS companies, and a market leader in communication & conferencing, identity & access, and customer engagement & support solutions, LogMeIn has millions of customers spanning virtually every country across the globe. LogMeIn is headquartered in Boston with additional locations across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. OUR VALUES Be Accountable \- even when no-one is looking Thrive Together \- greatness comes from unlocking each other’s potential Advance Confidently \- we find opportunity and act on it Collaborate Openly \- our whole is greater than the sum of our parts Engage Fearlessly \- we speak up and listen