Matson, Inc. is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange trading under the symbol MATX. Founded in 1882, Matson is one of the leading U.S. carriers in the Pacific and provides a vital lifeline to the island economies of Hawaii, Alaska, Guam and Micronesia as well as select South Pacific islands and operates a premium, expedited service from China to Southern California. Matson is the parent company of Matson Logistics, which was established in 1987 and extends the geographic reach of Matson’s transportation network throughout the continental U.S with integrated, asset- light logistics services including rail intermodal, highway brokerage and warehousing. Matson is also the parent company of Matson Terminals, which was established in 1921 and provides container stevedoring, terminal and equipment maintenance services for Matson in Hawaii. Position Summary Matson is recruiting for an Information Security Operations Analyst! The Information Security Operations Analyst is a position within IT Services with two distinct, company-wide responsibilities: First, to provide appropriate user administration for Matson applications and infrastructure, including provisioning and termination of user accounts in accordance with compliance guidelines. In this role, the analyst will also periodically facilitate a review of user accounts within Matson applications and infrastructure. Second, to be responsible for performing day to day security operations and compliance functions. The Information Security Operations Analyst will also support the Enterprise Information Security Director in providing security leadership in supporting Matson’s IT infrastructure and applications. He or she is expected to have a strong knowledge of the security landscape and assist in building appropriate defenses for the company’s infrastructure and applications. He or she is expected to play a role in the evaluation, selection, design, and delivery of security solutions to support applications projects and/or that support the technical infrastructure, while adhering to industry standards and best practices. The incumbent is expected to have strong collaboration skills and lead cross-functional teams on security initiatives. Specific Duties and Responsibilities The Information Security Operations Analyst is a key role in our Enterprise Information Security team and works directly with the Director, Information Security to assist in providing incident response support and user administration support. Responsibilities include the following: Security Operations: Tactical Manage day-to-day security operational tasks such as security event monitoring, log monitoring and security incident management, compliance monitoring, data loss prevention, and monitoring and responding to emerging threats varying from endpoint to server to public cloud system. Act as primary support contact for security incidents, and provide direction to infrastructure and applications teams to initiate incident response. Liaison with internal and parties to address security concerns. Perform root cause analysis so we can continuously improve our prevention, reaction, and remediation of incidents. Perform ongoing vulnerability assessments including vulnerability scanning and vulnerability exploit testing (penetration testing) with clear reporting, threat identification and action plans for remediation with prioritization. This will also include any assessments for changes that the security team has identified as requiring a vulnerability assessment prior to release Supports the IT leadership in obtaining quality data from the appropriate sources to publish security metrics on an ongoing basis. User Administration - Tactical Act as the centralized, user access administrator for the key, critical applications and infrastructure used at Matson to ensure proper segregations of duties. This will involve provisioning and terminating user access based on established access and termination controls. Assist with the development, implementation, and administration of security awareness training for the enterprise. Act as a key point of contact for SOX audits as related to user provisioning, terminations. Perform special projects as assigned. Qualifications, Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science (or equivalent degree) with 3+ years hands-on security experience. Security certifications a plus. 3+ years of experience in technical security positions, SOC experience preferred Strong experience with SIEM tools like Splunk, QRadar or ELK Superior communication skills, written using MS Office (Powerpoint, Word, Excel) Strong security research and root cause analysis skills to identify and analyzepotential security vulnerabilities Self-organize: ability to plan, document, and execute complex tasks to a high quality standard Customer service experience/Strong customer focus to analyze customer reported security issues Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment Technical Requirements/Competencies Background in security operations, project management, or information security, with knowledge of Cloud security models and controls (AWS) Experience and knowledge of network firewalls (Palo Alto, Checkpoint) and security technology (FireEye NX,HX,PX, Splunk) and other IDS/IPS and network monitoring tools Technical knowledge in system and network security, authentication and security protocols, and application security Strong understanding of web technologies - protocols, programming techniques, browsers, etc Strong understanding of web vulnerabilities and weaknesses (cross-site scripting, cross-site request forgery, etc) Experience with compliance (SOX, PCI, HIPAA) Experience working with internal and external auditors on compliance initiatives Intermediate Windows and Mac skills to assess endpoint incidents Working understanding of networking concepts and protocols (BGP, TCP/IP layers, DNS, SMTP, SSL, etc.) Experience managing vulnerability scanning tools (Qualys, Rapid7, Nessus, etc) Experience with Identity and Access concepts and technologies to secure production and corporate access, such as: SSO, SAML Federated Identity, RBAC, authentication & authorization solution etc Security related certifications a plus - Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA), GIAC Certified Forensic Analyst (GCFA), etc Matson is an Equal Opportunity Employer Matson is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, AIDS/HIV status, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including, but not limited to, the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.