Operational Analyst - 18000XLD No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications What will I do? Collaboration among assigned points of contacts in Oracle Organizations supported by M &D.; Provide support for various activities, including reviewing and processing marketing requests, generating and analyzing operational reports, data entry and system transactions using Oracle applications. Identify opportunities for process optimization, process redesign, or development of new process/policies based on customer trends and prediction of future needs. Build, maintain and evolve KPI framework, including both definition and the creation of an ongoing measurement system for key KPIs. Present to management and leadership team regularly and provide strategic insights on performance trends as well as recommendations on how to exceed plan and accelerate growth. Provide hands-on support to the end users to resolve process, data or technology issues. Support and assist in testing and validation of business requirements and system functionality. What are you looking for in a candidate? B.S. or B.A. Degree level qualification. Good computer and technical skills; quick to learn new tools applicable to the role. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Willingness to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. Strong negotiation and influencing skills. Strong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. Strong customer services skills with the ability to maintain professionalism under pressure. Exhibits strong organizational skills, attention to detail and follow-through. Team player with the ability to be comfortable working within a large matrixed organization. Competencies Teamwork: Collaborates with others toward shared goals, exhibits cooperativeness; participates in and supports effective conflict resolution; collaborates cross-functionally; builds and leads teams effectively; puts needs of organization over personal needs Communication: Ensures that communications channels are open and that information and ideas are flowing in all appropriate directions; listens, asks for and uses input; shares information appropriately and openly; communicates frequently with counterparts in other departments and shares relevant data; is accessible and receptive to both constructive criticism and positive feedback Excellence Orientation: Strives to be the best that one can be; exhibits resilience, persistence, tenacity and a continuous mindset for improvement; is goal-oriented with very high standards for quality of work; is strongly results-oriented; helps others keep things on track Preferred Qualifications: Proficient in MS Office Suite - including Excel, Office and Power Point, Adobe Suite Some college course work or APICS Certification or equivalent work experience in: Warehousing, Supply Chain, Planning, Project Management or Manufacturing Experience with SQL, website creation maintenance a plus 1-2 years experience in customer service and/or analysis role Detailed Description and Job Requirements Responsible for shipping, receiving, storing, and distributing materials, parts supplies, and equipment. Includes material planning and scheduling. Responsible for planning, scheduling, and monitoring the movement of material through the production cycle to ensure availability for customer orders. Coordinates the manufacture of new products at approved suppliers. Creates purchase orders and resolves invoice issues. Continuous assessment of manufacturing processes to ensure cost effectiveness and efficiency. Meets with suppliers to ensure highest quality product deliveries within established lead times. Maintains accurate data for purchasing, bill of material, and inventory management. Verifies assembled products conform to defined specifications. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. Typically graduate or equivalent with 0 - 2 year experience. B.S. degree. Strong attention to detail. Ability to multitask in a dynamic environment. Analytical skills and ability to meet deadlines. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Negotiation skills. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.