Software Development Principal Engineer – Data Scientist Austin, Texas Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Data Scientist on our Analytics & Cloud Solutions team in Austin. The Software Engineering team delivers next-generation software application enhancements and new products for a changing world. Working at the cutting edge, we design and develop software for platforms, peripherals, applications and diagnostics — all with the most advanced technologies, tools, software engineering methodologies and the collaboration of internal and external partners. Key Responsibilities Working with external partners and internal Dell technology, marketing and engineering teams to define and architect solutions related to data analytics to enable smarter decisions to deliver better products Identifying and working with software and hardware partners to assess data driven solutions, actionable insights and roadmaps for inclusion in future solutions Being the technical expert and resource for data management, analytics and science Performs analysis and design for medium-sized to large or complex development and maintenance projects Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Essential Requirements Bachelors 5+ years of relevant experience or MSCS, MSEE, MSCE and 3+ years of relevant experience Experience architecting highly scalable, distributed systems using different open source and commercial tools for multi-terabyte data warehouses Solid understanding and experience with high-scale or distributed RDBMS and knowledge of NoSQL platforms such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase Experience normalizing complex datasets from a variety of sources Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Python, R, Shiny, etc . Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig etc. Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills such as Python, Java etc. Data-oriented personality Desirable Requirements Strong understanding of software development lifecycle and product development lifecycle Familiarity with Agile Software Development methodologies Experience working with IaaS and PaaS systems ( Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services etc) Experience building large scale data warehousing solutions, analysis, design, development, and performance tuning Experience in working with ecosystems like Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Map Reduce, Spark Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. If you’re ready to develop cutting-edge software for a changing world, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.