The AV Homes IT Business Analyst works with the business to analyze, prioritize, categorize and document business needs. The position is responsible for detailing business processes and collecting data on challenges and pain points. The Business Analyst assists the business with development and execution of user acceptance testing (UAT). The successful candidate should have an understanding of modern AV Homes applications, preferably JD Edwards or comparable ERP with the focus being on the modules of Finance, Home Builder Management and Home Builder Sales System. The individual should understand, or capable of quickly understanding, the home building industry, including buying, selling, constructing, building and servicing homes. The individual will need excellent written and oral communication skills as a primary task will be interviewing and interrogating business areas on challenges and pain points associated with current/as-is processes for managing home building. Deep business process knowledge is required to enable this individual to solicit, consolidate and synthesize feedback from process owners and subject matter experts to identify and prioritize AV Homes process improvement opportunities. Some essential functions of the job are as follows: Liaise with various departments to define and develop various management and financial reports and maintaining the integrity of the data these reports rely on. Facilitate ad hoc financial reporting and data extraction requests as required. Work with the IT team coordinating activities with the Project Team and functional leads to assist with the support of the ERP application. Assess future projects related to the current system. Troubleshoot issues related to set up and configuration. Maintain, develop and enhance documentation. Skills: Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a collaborative team environment. Demonstrated ability to produce clear, concise and accurate documentation detailing business processes and requirements. Excellent interpersonal skills including written and oral communications. Excellent organizational skills and the ability to work on more than one project at a time with exceptional attention to detail. Flexibility and adaptability to changing situations Education and Experience: A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or related field or equivalent experience