Imperva, the leader in Application & Data Security, is looking to hire a Jr Linux System Administrator as part of the IT Group, based at our Headquarters in Redwood Shores, CA. We are seeking a contract to hire Junior Linux System Administrator. The ideal candidate can work in a complex and rapidly changing computing environment to join our IT Infrastructure team. This individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational values, enabling staff, volunteers, and Partners. Responsibilities: Provide Linux Systems operational support and engineering in on-premise, hybrid and cloud environments Engage with systems application and engineering teams with service improvements, technical service project and incident responses. Install, configure, deployment and maintain production systems and applications. Deploy new releases and patches to test and production environments manually and with release automation. Technical Skills: Knowledge of Linux Systems Administration (Centos) Experience with monitoring and analytics tools Build and management of virtualization utilizing VMware Experience with scripting and automation Troubleshooting DNS/DHCP Our Company Imperva® is a leading cybersecurity company that delivers best-in-class solutions to protect data and applications – wherever they reside – on- premises, in the cloud, and across hybrid environments. The company’s Incapsula, SecureSphere, and CounterBreach product lines help organizations protect websites, applications, APIs, and databases from cyberattacks while ensuring compliance. Imperva innovates using data, analytics, and insights from our experts and our community to deliver simple, effective and enduring solutions that protect our customers from cybercriminals. Learn more at www.imperva.com, our blog, or Twitter. Legal Notice Imperva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.