Job Information Job Summary: The Data Warehouse Reporting Analyst will be responsible for developing reports for end users utilizing SAP Business Objects and Tableau . The analyst will leverage their data warehousing and technical expertise by developing reports and dashboards that will be utilized by different stakeholders at Booth. The analyst will work extensively with end-users to define requirements and validate the results against the source systems. Responsibilities: Design and develop reports using SAP Business Objects and Tableau software. Support and improve existing reporting functionality by answering questions from end-users, adding new fields and ensuring that the reports accurately match the source system data. Gain an in-depth understanding of the business processes, source applications and source data, and use this knowledge in the design, development, and validation, quality assurance of data warehouse reports. Enhance the existing data warehouse by creating Business Objects filters, measures and objects. Develop processes for capturing and maintaining Business Objects metadata to document and clarify field contents in the data warehouse. Create and maintain reporting and user documentation. Work with end users to define and document requirements for new reports. Perform in-depth testing to ensure report output accurately matches the source application. Act as a liaison between report consumers and the Information Technology department as it relates to data warehouse reporting. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Certifications Education: Bachelor's degree (in computer science or a related field) required. Experience: At least five years of experience developing reports using SAP Business Objects required. At least three years of experience developing Tableau reports and dashboards preferred. Experience creating metadata and end-user documentation preferred. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Excellent oral and written communication skills required. Ability to work both independently and in a team environment required. Familiarity with NoSQL databases preferred. A solid understanding of data warehouse fundamentals and experience building and supporting data warehouse reports required. Ability to create SQL scripts to access data in SQL Server databases required. Ability to access source system data via SQL and the application front-end required. Required Documents: Resume Cover letter NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-08-10-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-10-08:00