MedTox Laboratories is a subsidiary of Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp). The integration of LabCorp and Covance in 2015 makes LabCorp the largest health care diagnostic company in the world. LabCorp operates in over 60 countries creating great opportunities for career growth and advancement across the world. If you are motivated by job satisfaction, MedTox Laboratories is the place for you. Every day we make a difference in the way the medical community receives accurate results for our clients and patients. Come join an industry leader to grow your career in the Medical Laboratory Industry as a _Forensic Instruments Technologists_ MedTox Forensic Laboratory Team is seeking a _Forensic Instruments Technologists_. Utilize your science degree / background and receive on the job training working in a fast pace environment. MedTox Technologists perform a vital component of medical laboratory science. _Key Responsibilities:_ Receive specimens for testing; evaluate specimens and test orders; determine priority of work and batches to maintain acceptable turn-around-time; recognize unacceptable and unusual specimens and handle appropriately. Use quality control samples and proficiency samples making measurements and calculations. Evaluate raw and final data for accuracy; recognize and correct errors and unusual results; interpret results to produce a final report. Maintain, calibrate, and clean instrumentation; perform scheduled and as needed maintenance and critical function checks recognizing significant changes in instrument function; trouble shoot as indicated. Follow quality control rules; monitor controls for error detection and take corrective action; maintain laboratory records, maintenance logs, quality control charts, reagent and standard logs, and worksheets. Work with GC/MS, HPLC,LC/MSMS instruments About our Company: MedTox Laboratories, a LabCorp Specialty Testing Group, located in the Roseville / New Brighton area operates a SAMHSA-certified drug testing laboratory and CAP and CLIA-certified clinical laboratory. Our comprehensive laboratory and testing services coupled with our commitment to excellent customer service ensures that our clients' testing programs operate as efficiently and effectively as possible. We are committed to building strong relationships with our clients; being responsive to their questions and adaptable to their needs. Requirements _Required Education, Experience, Skills and Qualifications:_ Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university in chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology Proven ability to prioritize tasks and manage time Excellent research and problem resolution skills Able to work in a fast paced production environment to meet established turnaround times Must be able to perform work with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail Work effectively in fast paced high volume environment Shift 1 Schedule Thursday - Sunday 7am - 5:30pm