About Uber We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role We are currenlty seeking a Sr. Technical Operations Program Manager on our Global Product Operations team at Uber ATG. The scope of this role will include setting up manufacturing processes, implement lines, yield metrics and other manufacturing related activities. What You’ll Do Integrate complex electrical and mechanical systems Update hardware designs and documentation to improve manufacturability Design tooling that cuts assembly time, eliminates defects, and reduces cost Interface with the design teams and production floor Write process documents, work instructions, and checkout procedures Identify root cause of production issues and implement permanent fixes What You’ll Need Experience with ISO, ERP/MRP systems, and industry experience is strongly preferred Organizational ability to manage data Effective oral and written communication skills Print management and release experience Affinity for working in a dynamic, global, and technology-focused environment Self-starter with ability to multi-task and deal with time pressure in an unstructured environment Good leadership, problem solving and technical capabilities Willing to travel About the Team At the Advanced Technologies Group (ATG), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. Our teams in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Phoenix, and Toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. Our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively. The Global Product Operations group enables Uber’s world-class talent and optimizing technology for the future of mobility.