Sr. Sales Engineer Location: Dallas, TX This position can also be worked remotely in Austin, TX or Houston, TX. The purpose of the Sr. Sales Engineer is to provide dedicated sales support to the field and inside sales teams: By proactively identifying & addressing customer‘s technical needs and objections, to drive sales. By acting as the primary bridge to identify &amp; remove process problems early between Sales and Operations By protecting NICE inContact, as an organization, from projects where technical issues outweigh value to NICE inContact by being able to delineate between technically feasible and technically problematic opportunities As a Sr. Sales Engineer, a Typical Day Might Include the Following: Assist sales team through preparation and delivery of technical presentations and statements of work by matching specific client business requirements into effective technical solutions - with a focus on NICE inContact’s solutions. Maintain high level knowledge of competitive product lines, especially as it relates to technical strengths and weaknesses of the competitor‘s products and what strategy NICE inContact should develop to counter. Maintain high-level knowledge of all other NICE inContact products/services, competitive product lines, and industry through self-education and NICE inContact’s resources. Proactively and effectively identify customer needs and overcome objections to proposed solutions. Perform technical benefits assessment for customers by gaining detailed understanding of their environment. Provide continuous knowledge transfer to the sales force regarding technical aspects and benefits of the NICE inContact’s™ solutions. Support new and existing sales efforts via technical discovery, product demonstrations and presentations. Properly document and provide feedback to sales team. Assist in the preparation of responses to RFP’s and deliver technical and sales oriented presentations to customer’s technical staff and senior management. Meet with customers to understand their current technical environment, key business issues, and future benefits that could be realized through NICE inContact’s advanced contact center technology deployments. Work with the Sales Support to ensure orders are completed in an accurate and timely fashion. Create, based on customer needs, a detailed Solutions Overview (SO) document for each new customer which will be the basis from which all pre-turn up work will be performed. Instruct customer on costs associated with the work. Build and maintain relationships with financial, subject and technical decision makers and influencers in prospect base. Position will require significant travel up to 75%. To Land This Gig You'll Need: Bachelor’s Degree in Business Information Systems, Computer Science, Communications or related field or equivalent work experience required. 6+ years direct sales engineering experience in contact centers, telecommunications or software sales Strong sales skills Relationship management abilities Superior communication skills High integrity Experience in fast paced environment Experience meeting customer time constraints Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions Analytical/Quantitative abilities required. Must be able to interpret and explain financial and statistical information Ability to negotiate and up sell products and services In-depth knowledge of technical support issues related to Internet, video, and telephony. A hands-on background in engineering, technical support or field maintenance is desirable Broad knowledge of call center technologies, call traffic analysis, automatic call distributions and interactive voice response systems Excellent interpersonal and communication skills including verbal, written, negotiation and communications. Valid driver‘s license. Bonus Experience: 2+ years sales experience outside of sales engineering in a software environment VoIP experience Broad knowledge of the call center market Relationship management abilities Excellent industry reputation Consensus building strengths among internal groups Negotiation skills ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s No. 1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in- class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on- premises enterprise software solutions.