A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position serves as a senior data science team member in the company developing techniques to identify entities at risk in a moment in time in a multifaceted, high-volume, high-throughput data environment. This position requires extensive background and knowledge in machine learning. Previous experience in analyzing large datasets and developing data-driven statistical models is required. Essential Functions Identifies, experiments with, and develops appropriate machine learning techniques to extract the value in data from various sources to solve valuable business problems Assists with the development of complex consumer profiles which are used for model training and real-time scoring Take the key role in the development and implementation of product-prototype models Assesses overall performance, stability, and effectiveness of analytically derived models. Documents and presents model process and model performance Collaborates with software engineers to define statistical components for unit testing and acceptance testing Remains fluent with emerging technologies and methodologies, shares knowledge, and serves as subject expert and a mentor to junior data scientist Translates high level business objectives into quantifiable analysis tasks. Identifies and recommends new modeling and analytics opportunities. Support the company's commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science or related field. 7 years working experience in predictive modeling, optimization, and machine learning (or equivalent education and experience). Advanced experience in data mining with a range of advanced technical tools (Python, R, Hadoop, Hive, SQL, Java, Spark, etc.) for timely manipulation of large data sets. Experience with various machine learning methods including classification/tree, SVM and ensemble approaches Experience in utilizing a wide variety of statistical modeling techniques. Experience with understanding business requirement and translating into an analytics design Effective communication skills Proven ability to coordinate or lead data scientists on projects Background and drug screen The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling, and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._