What is the Position? As Head of Training you will own the design and execution of both our Concierge onboarding training and ongoing training. You’ll ensure training covers 1) day-to-day content 2) workflow and tooling processes 3) soft skills and anything else needed for our teams to perform at the highest levels on a day to day basis. You are setting the standard for the culture of the department. You’ll develop materials and modules in a way that makes the most sense for new hires to digest, and create a program for ongoing trainings once folks are in their roles. You’ll work with our other Concierge support functions to identify gaps in knowledge areas and ensure refreshers are easily accessible to teams. You’ll coach your team to train in an effective and engaging manner that sticks. Expect a fast paced training environment -- we onboard 20+ Care Guides and Concierge support staff every 2 weeks. Our current staff is 240+ on the Concierge Ops frontlines. Must-have qualities include: Training & Development background. You’ve scaled training programs at large organizations before and have done training yourself. You know what works and how adults best respond to different formats. You have 6-10+ years of training and instructional design experience. Leadership skills. People naturally navigate towards you. You own a room and are able to direct people with confidence. Organizational and prioritization skills. You know what to prioritize and when. You hold people accountable, and your team never drops the ball. People management. You’ll be managing a team of trainers - you’ll need to coach, act as a role model, and keep your team on track. You have 4+ years of management experience. Strong at synthesizing information. You can distill complex problems and put them into digestible formats for training. Collaborative. You love working with different kinds of people and are a relationship builder at heart. You work well with other teams and are able to get their buy in for content generation and upkeep. A good communicator. You’ll be leading the training team and need to teach others how to communicate to large audiences Independence and scrappy attitude. You’re a problem solver with a ‘get sht done’ mentality. You work with urgency. In your first 30 days you will… Become an expert in all things Concierge - you’ll be a sponge for content, tools and workflows. You should shadow and immerse yourself in all things we do. Deep dive into our current trainings and identify where gaps exist in terms of 1) content 2) delivery. Interview stakeholders within Concierge to understand what works for frontlines, and what areas we can do better in. Create a framework for ongoing training and onboarding training. In your first 60-90 days you will… Revamp the way onboarding training is delivered in the classroom, via video, learning groups -- be creative! Deliver training to new classes and manage the way your trainers deliver trainings. Roll out ongoing training calendar for reps. Get feedback on your programs and iterate. At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free hiring practices. It means that we work to cultivate an environment where exceptional people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change healthcare -- an experience made whole by your unique background and perspectives. Pay Transparency Policy: Oscar's Pay Transparency Policy ensures that you won't be discharged or discriminated against based on whether you've inquired about, discussed, or disclosed your pay. Read the full policy here ( https://assets.ctfassets.net/plyq12u1bv8a/1rF5ZOK4Cc2wcKQqYMu86W/6a7f199b884d9f38395878c624fe8587/Oscar_Health_Pay_Transparency_Policy.pdf ).