Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Job Description : The Solution Architect supports the Solution teams by providing technical solutioning, scope, activation, and costing. This person’s charter is to support the pre-sales process, working closely with the Solution Team to ensure ATOS is providing the best, most cost effective solution for the customer. From a post-sales support role, this person will ensure the solution designed can be successfully activated. This position will represent our best thinking related to their area of expertise. They will maintain the costing model inputs into finance, while providing expertise to solution customized deals in their areas of expertise. This position owns base-lining activation costing for area of expertise. This is based in Irving, TX. There is 40% traveling with this role. PreSales Support Primary interface with Engagement organization. Responsible for defining assumptions pertaining to design, steady state and activation costing. Provide design, technical scope, project plans, activation plans, SOW, costing for both steady state and activation. Be active in Executive briefings when requested by the Solution team. Customer interface as needed after or during Phase 2 qualification. Vast majority of time will most likely not be in front of clients. Will Provide standard proposal/SOW templates content for “standard” deals. They do not necessarily own modifying the template for the SOW/proposal. Will provide content for their area of expertise into the Solution Teams and Area Sales Teams. Post-Sales Support Work with resource coordinator to identify/secure assignment of activation resources. Communications with regional PM on Solution design, scope, master project plan for activation, SOW, all related pricing. Assumptions documentation and identification of SME's who will be associated with the project. Transition responsibility to help in the clarification of the scope of service with the Solution Director and Transition PM Escalation contact SME’s on all design issues. Participate in quarterly steady state account reviews. Data Center Solution Architect: Technical background – Understanding of implementation, administration, hardware platforms in one or more of the following areas Server – At least one of the following operating system platforms: Windows, Linux, Unix Storage: SAN, NAS, Data replication Backup – At least one of the following disk/tape backup technologies: Symantec Netbackup, EMC Avamar, EMC Networker, Commvault Virtualization technology such as VMware, KVM, OVM Converged technology such as CISCO UCS, VCE vBlock, etc. Hyper-converged solutions Demonstrated experience with the design, implementation or support of cloud technologies and hybrid solutions across multiple global locations utilizing Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Windows Azure and/or Amazon Web Services Monitoring tools for the above server, storage, backup technologies Database (SQL and Oracle) Disaster Recovery methodologies Comprehensive understanding of data center services and the interface/integration between the various service areas There is 40% traveling with this role. Requirements Bachelor´s degree required, Master’s Degree a plus Amazon Web Services (ASW) training or certification is required Must have 5 years of experience in technical presales or consulting with RFIs and RFPs Must have the ability to write proposal responses that describe and support the solution Strong client facing presentation skills and ability to explain technical solutions and business value on the customer’s level Experience assembling costs for hardware, software, labor creating a cost buildup using cost models or other tools Ability to understand client requirements and create a solution design that meets those requirements Experience building multi-year strategies that balance platform modernization and innovation Experience building consensus on technical platform selection and demonstrating alternatives analysis All around technical and consultative understanding with the ability to define how systems can work together effectively and map to business strategies into a cohesive “big picture” plan to advance digital strategy Evaluate emerging technologies against business and IT strategic needs Collaborate with business users, technical staff and management to define technical requirements, create solutions and receive approvals. Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite: Excel, Word, PowerPoint Strong English language skill, both verbal and written Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.