BUSINESS SOLUTIONS ANALYST/MANAGER Shea Homes is looking to hire a Business Solutions expert to join the Finance & Accounting organization. The Business Analyst should be self-motivated, reliable, and willing to learn new technologies while growing technical and business skills within the homebuilding industry. The Business Analyst may perform a variety of complicated tasks and is expected to be able to use a wide degree of creativity and latitude and effectively collaborate with IT, as well as with senior finance management and other operational areas of the business. This role will have a strong emphasis in supporting the needs of the business through design and development of actionable analytics, development and maintenance of the BI platform and training and support of the Finance user community. Additionally, this role will creatively engage in other Financial Systems related projects and best practice initiatives that will involve taking business and functional requirements from concept and development through deployment. ROLE PRIORITIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Designs, develops and delivers analytical solutions, resulting in decision support or models; communicates complex and technical results of analysis to stakeholders. Define & develop intuitive reports & dashboards (maintain, improve & develop reporting mechanisms) using Power BI Manage Power BI enhancements, development & support end-user reporting requests Identify actionable insights, provide recommendations and influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating and advocating findings to cross functional groups Analyze, visualize, harvest and summarize significant amounts of data for analysis and interpretation. Provide insight for analytical objectives and build end-to-end reporting solutions to support company initiatives Significant participant and lead Analyst in design, development and implementation of new forecasting application. Ensure Finance and Accounting projects are designed based on business requirements. Creates detailed test plans, executes, addresses defects, and documents test metrics and results. Leads and facilitates project requirements definition and assists in the preparation of SOW’s (as needed.) Develop detailed system documentation and end user training Independently prioritize and set deadlines to achieve (through implementation, execution, and analysis) and motivated to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance Support, develop and enhance Finance and Accounting Excel templates for efficiency Stay current on the latest industry technologies, techniques, trends and strategies, and implement new findings where applicable. Provide end- user training where necessary. REQUIREMENTS/QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems, Economics, Statistics, or Finance. Related Masters or MBA a plus 5+ years Business Analyst related experience required 3+ years of experience with Business Intelligence tools Proficient with MS Office applications, and demonstrated Advanced Excel skills including PowerPivot/Power Query Strong expertise and functional understanding of the forecasting and budgeting process with experience in business process redesign and/or transformation Track record of managing multiple high-impact and long-term projects either in a Project Manager role or business lead capacity Technical expertise with data modeling and database design Experience with reporting and data visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau Technical expertise with data modeling and database design Proficient in SQL with the ability to read and write queries Experience with Oracle EPM tools; Hyperion HFM, Hyperion Planning, Essbase ASO/BSO, and JD Edwards E1 platforms a plus. Demonstrate basic project management skills with advanced communication skills and ability to translate complex concepts between business customers and technical project team. Collaborate with Enterprise Data Technology team in all aspects/needs of Data Warehouse creation and Business Intelligence tool creation Develop understanding of interdependencies between systems, datasets and processes, understand data models and schemas. The ability to multi-task, and manage multiple long term and short-term projects to meet various deadlines simultaneously is required. Shea Homes is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.