The purpose of this position is to perform a variety of clerical tasks and procedures to assist with the daily office operations, including the consistent use of computer applications for such purposes as word processing and updating and maintaining records. Depending on school site, candidate may provide assistance for attendance and/or Becca office, library, registration, counseling office, front office, or program office in a school or in central administration. The employee performs work that is more varied and more complex in terms of procedures to be followed and the computer applications used. The essential duties and responsibilities include the following: Provides secretarial and office support, including word processing, filing, scheduling, and records control; performs data entry, word processing, spreadsheet, and/or report functions on an office computer. Updates and maintains financial, student, and office records using computerized applications, such as an automated student information system, or financial database as well as word processing and spreadsheet applications. Performs a variety of duties to assist with office and/or school operations, which may include such tasks as admitting students who have been absent; alerting school administrators of attendance problems; processing forms for students with excessive absentee or tardiness problems; or processing new students in a high school, BECCA reporting and filing of petitions, typing discipline letters, conduct preliminary McKinney Vento eligibility, preparing educational records, sending for and receiving records from previous schools, recording receipt of records and creating academic history; processing withdrawals and releasing student records in accordance with legal disclosure procedures, assuring the proper and legal control of records, or providing administrative support in a school library or counseling activities or program office. Performs duties related to specific program activities, such as preparing transportation requests, eligibility or award lists and certificates; preparing and maintaining special records, schedules, and reports; compiling statistics and maintaining databases; assembling and distributing special materials; processing time sheets and special forms; and the like. Types correspondence and processes a variety of forms, including purchase orders, work orders, and program related forms; opens and distributes incoming mail; performs office receptionist duties as needed. Produces and duplicates materials; performs routine use and maintenance of copier equipment; may use laminator equipment, and or similar machines; produces transparencies; maintains related equipment/production records. Provides health room services, as needed, in accordance with established district procedures; administers first aid to ill or injured students when appropriate; administers medication in accordance with district procedures; makes appropriate emergency communications, including follow-up reports, and maintains student health records. Maintains a high degree of confidentiality with regard to all district-related matters and records. Provides for a friendly, open, and safe atmosphere in the secretarial office and school reception area. Maintains a high degree of confidentiality with regard to all district-related matters and records. Provides assistance to other staff, as needed. Maintains adequate supplies for office operations; conducts inventory as required or necessary. Serves as member of the building or program support team; performs related duties consistent with the scope and intent of the position as assigned. Maintain all fingerprinting supplies and records. Take fingerprints of school volunteers. Supervise student TA’s. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS : High school diploma/GED or equivalent educational experience; additional related training desirable; or any combination of experience and training which provides the knowledge, skills, and ability required to perform the work. Completion of Kent School District’s clerical testing at the administrative assistant II (B) level, with a score of 70% or higher. Contact 253.373.7209 to schedule testing. Valid first aid, CPR card, Automated External Defibrillator (AED) training and knowledge of modern emergency health-care procedures required for school positions. To be considered for this position the candidate must meet the above required qualifications. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Knowledge of general office processes and procedures and the use of a variety of office equipment. Knowledge of standard office computer applications such as MS Word, Excel, internet e-mail, student data base, etc. Knowledge of correct grammar, spelling, and English usage. Ability to operate a personal computer and modern office machines, including copier, FAX, and calculator. Ability to maintain timely, accurate, and efficient record keeping, including preparation of reports from office records. Ability to learn new operations, procedures, processes, and use of new equipment. Ability to organize, set priorities, and work effectively under pressure. Ability to exercise sound independent judgment, including appropriate handling of confidential matters. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with students, staff, parents, and the general public and ability to work with a significant diversity of individuals and/or groups. Customer service skills and the ability to communicate effectively. Ability to communicate in a second language. Ability to exhibit multicultural and ethnic understanding and sensitivity with the ability to communicate effectively with all cultural groups in the school community. Experience working with a diverse student population and the specific school demographics. Desired characteristics are: flexibility; ability to organize ideas, time and materials to accomplish goals; enthusiasm; ability to express ideas clearly and understand concepts being discussed; ability to learn new ideas and skills; ability and willingness to develop favorable relationships with students; and willingness to model behavior deemed appropriate by the school district and the community. ALL POSITIONS CLOSE AT 4:30 P.M. ON THE CLOSING DATE.