Your Job: This Manager position is responsible for the daily clinical operations of the MTS Inpatient Service, and oversight of quality and process improvement initiatives for the Liver, Kidney, and Pancreas Transplant Programs. This includes responsibility for personnel management, effective and efficient operational processes, data integrity, regulatory compliance and clinical quality. Your Job Requirements: Bachelor's degree required; Master's preferred Minimum of 2 years clinical work experience required Two (2) years' experience in performance/process improvement and clinical chart review or abstraction experience preferred CPHQ (Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality) or other quality/patient safety/regulatory certification preferred Experience with improvement methodologies (such as 1-2-3-PDSA, Focus PDSA, DMAIC) Knowledge of statistical processes, data analysis and display Strong written and oral communication skills with the ability to interface effectively with diverse team members across multiple departments Your Job Responsibilities: Staff personnel management: May include Nurse Practioners and Physician Assistants and other personnel as required for department operations. Performs evaluations and addresses ongoing education and performance needs. Maintains up to date reference material. Ensures optimal inpatient clinical operations by maintaining adequate staffing, recruitment and retention. Completes quality review and effectiveness activites for all transplant programs and MTS inpatient service. Maintains an organized, written, comphrensive, data driven, performance improvement plan. Uses measurement data to evaluate process and outcomes, works with risk management, director of clinical operations, and outcomes management departments on addressing adverse events. Championing customer needs by working with medical staff, hospital leaders, transplant administration and hospital departments on quality activities and initiatives include but not limited to, core measures, physician peer review, OPPE/FPPE, quality indicators such as, but not limited to, PSI's, HAC's, complications, mortality and other clinical chart review and special performance improvement projects. Includes working on clinical initiatives, reviewing order sets, documentation, educating staff and licensed independent practitioners and sharing of best practice, rules, regulations and other internal and external requirements for improving healthcare and performance. Coordination / facilitation of performance improvement efforts and other initiatives, data design, collection, analysis, facilitation of action planning, display and reporting, sharing data in multi-disciplinary meetings and with various medical staff and leadership committees / teams. Monitor, collect and review data on an ongoing basis in multiple settings, meetings and forums. Establish QAPI monitoring system that assures compliance with all OPTN/CMS regulatory requirements and assure with Clinical Director that all regulatory changes and updates are implemented and sustained.