Overview In 1897 C.C. Filson began outfitting prospectors headed for the Gold Rush with tools and apparel strong enough for the toughest spots on earth. More than 100 years later, Filson remains committed to providing pioneers of all fields around the world with unfailing goods made from the highest quality materials available. Filson recognizes that it takes a world-class team to make a world-class product. As we build on the Filson legacy of American craftsmanship, we are looking for individuals who share our dedication to innovation, excellence, and superior customer service. Cutting Room Supervisor The Cutting Room Supervisor will be primarily responsible for the cutting room performance and all up and downstream touchpoints. This role reports to the Director of Production. This role will work closely with the sewing plant managers, the kitting and warehousing teams, as well as the engineering teams and Director of Production to plan and improve production operations. This is an analytical role and requires an individual to think strategically. Responsibilities Plan production operation line capacities to ensure completion of orders are timely Employ Financial Acumen by demonstrating an understanding of how work unit’s performance contributes to the overall organization’s financial results. I.e. always looking to find efficiencies and reduce cost Manage quality by using data to identify trends and track progress Conduct regular reviews of your staff’s performance Identify any stumbling blocks and root cause solutions Improve processes and communicate expectations for quality outcomes Maintain fabric inventory at cutting room location Understand and execute company policies and procedures Create and manage line schedules according to demand to ensure business targets are met in an effective and efficient manner Manage payroll processing Develop and coach key employees to enhance skills and prepare individuals for advancement in company Report all maintenance issues in a timely manner to ensure compliance of all safety standards. Responsible for maintaining necessary supplies Stay in tune with work-in-process and be able to speak about progress to key stakeholders Qualifications Minimum of 3 years supervisory experience Engineering experience preferred Experience working in manufacturing, operations or supply chain Read and write effectively in English Bilingual Cantonese and/or Vietnamese abilities are a plus Basic Computer and Typing Skills Intimate knowledge of basic arithmetic Knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel) Ability to foster open communication up and down chain of command Ability to coach, motivate and develop others Address performance issues / give feedback Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met of any employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform those essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to: Ability to stand for extended periods of time Reach up, across, or down to retrieve products and supplies See, talk, and hear. Occasionally required to sit and walk Occasionally required to move or lift up to 40 pounds Carry products throughout facility to workspace Ability to climb a ladder Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to view small details within 2 feet to inspect quality of products coming through factory line. Note: This job description is not meant to be all-inclusive. Employee may be required to perform other duties to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. Filson is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that every employee has the right to work in surroundings, which are free from all forms of unlawful discrimination. It is our policy that all decisions involving any aspect of the employment relationship will be made without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, the presence of any sensory, mental, or physical disability, veteran and military status, genetic information, political ideology or any other status or characteristic protected by local, state or federal law. Discrimination and/or harassment based on any of those factors are totally inconsistent with our philosophy of doing business and will not be tolerated. With regard to applicants or employees with disabilities, the company offers what the law refers to as "reasonable accommodation" to enable a person to perform his or her job. LI-EF1