PlayStation isn’t just the Best Place to Play —it’s also the Best Place to Work. We’ve thrilled gamers since 1994, when we launched the original PlayStation. Today, we’re recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment. The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. IT Support Administrator (Contract) This position is for a 12 month temporary engagement with the possibility of an extension. San Mateo, CA Responsibilities: Provide worldwide day-to-day support and customer service Primary technical contact for all helpdesk and critical IT issues Resolve technical failures in a timely manner, track issues, escalations, resolution and closure of IT tickets Troubleshoot and solve common IT issues (password resets, computer hardware failures, access requests) Setup computers and phones for new hires Support/Administer Active Directory, Exchange mail accounts, SharePoint, Microsoft Systems Center Configuration Manager, virus/spam detection, data backups Build and Maintain corporate images Work on projects as needed Bring ideas for improvement forward Follow and implement security policies while carrying out desktop support Documentation as needed Physical movement of IT or other office gear as needed Qualifications: Strong Windows 7 experience Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange and operating system imaging software At least 2 years of desktop support and/or network administration Strong troubleshooting skills in an enterprise environment Desire to multitask and solve problems efficiently and quickly Hands-on experience with Microsoft desktop operating systems and software products Must have extensive knowledge of computer hardware (i.e. built a PC at home or business) Experience with a corporate IT ticket system Excellent verbal and written communications skills Strong customer service skills, including ability to listen, interpret and explain computer related concepts in non-technical terms Associates degree in Information Technology, B.S./B.A. in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical/Computer Engineering or equivalent experience Preferrerd qualifications: Strong Mac OSX support experience VOIP phone support experience Experience with asset and software tracking Extensive SharePoint and Microsoft SCCM experience A+, Microsoft or other certifications Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category. We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond. We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation. LI-SF1