Data Entry Specialist Make a difference. Enjoy your co-workers. Be appreciated. The national leader in filing and service of legal documents has challenges that need to be solved. Maybe you can help? We are a team of 350 with offices in Los Angeles, Dallas, Miami, Brooklyn, Chicago, Washington DC, and more. Seattle is our home and headquarters. We’ve been successful in this unique business for over 30 years and we continue to advance our technology and business processes to remain years ahead of what our competition is able to offer. Law firms use our website to monitor status on cases; independent contractors use our mobile apps to record geo-tagged events, take photos, and e-sign declarations; our employees use our desktop application to provide customer support and keep legal documents (electronic and printed) flowing. _Do your values align with what we Support and Promote?_ You challenge prevailing assumptions and suggest better approaches in a positive way. You discover practical solutions to difficult, reoccurring problems. Your colleagues and our customers can rely on you. You never ignore or hide mistakes, inaccuracies, or dishonesty. You believe that complexity creates more opportunity for error. You listen well, as opposed to reacting fast, so you can better understand. You seek to understand our business, our customers, and our mission. You don’t hesitate to ask for help. _What we offer:_ We have an awesome team size. Our group is small enough that every one of us has direct and meaningful impact on our customers, but big enough that no one has to go it alone or work long hours. We trust each other. From the CEO down, we have strong support for trying new ideas and changing processes to make them better. Sometimes we fail. Failing is just another step towards innovation. When we do, we learn from it and move on, we never waste time trying to figure out who to blame. You can have a massive impact. We’re not perfect, but here’s the good news: we want to invest in people and processes to solve problems and continuously improve. Not only can you help define and engineer specific solutions, you will help us build our team’s process for always getting better. Our work / life balance is real. We enjoy our nights, our weekends, and our vacations. We work normal hours, and lead varied lives. Outside the office, our teammates garden, bake, weld, build, bike, travel, thru-hike, ski, read, game, watch movies, and more. We have a cool office in a cool place. We work in a renovated historic Japanese theater. Our office has espresso, a merchandising fridge stocked with free food and drinks, and a roof-top deck. For lunch, we walk to crazy-good cuisine of all styles in the International District or enjoy company sponsored free-lunch Fridays. Great benefits package. which includes shared health care coverage, paid time off, subsidized transit, and 401(K) with company match. _Which qualities will help you stand out?_ Professional. You are an organized problem solver, who maintains high performance expectations for yourself and your colleagues. Team member. You are a considerate and effective communicator and you work well with and support others. You are happy to share credit for successes, and when you make a mistake, you are quick to own it, deal with, and learn from it. Teacher. You share your knowledge and like teaching others what you know. You despise anyone being the only person on a team who knows how to do something. Learner. You teach yourself new things and can prove it. Job Requirements. You have the following experience and are interested in learning more every day. You type like the wind (70+ WPM). Excellent skills manipulating physical documents, and operating scanners, copiers and printers. Advanced electronic document handling experience. You maintain high performance expectations for yourself and your colleagues – you have a sense of urgency. Thrive in a fast pace, ever changing environment. Self-sufficient and quick on your feet. Attention to detail, assertiveness, consistency, and timeliness are must have skills. Advanced Microsoft Suite and technical aptitude to learn new software quickly and comprehensively. You have a desire to improve upon our culture.