Now Brewing – Program Manager, Content Strategy for Global Ops Services! tobeapartner From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection. We are known for hiring talent who share this passion and are guided by their service to others. _“We built the Starbucks brand first with our people, not with consumers. Because we believed the best way to meet and exceed the expectations of our customers was to hire and train great people, we invested in employees.”_ _– Howard Schultz, Retired CEO and Executive Chairman, Starbucks Coffee Company_ Job Summary and Mission This critical role contributes to Starbucks success by serving as a key member of the Global Operations Services team facilitating the planning, establishment, execution and evaluation of a complex, multi-year, multifaceted global content strategy program frequently including IT components. Responsibilities include negotiates for human, financial and other resources, liaises with external and internal vendors and sponsor-clients on program- related matters and provides professional guidance and leadership to project teams to realize the strategic business vision or desired result. Coordinates the multiple projects within the program in accordance with established standards and best practices. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Coaches and mentors project managers on developing and maintaining project plans, objectives and schedules that support program objectives. Consults with the sponsoring business unit or units in the development of a clearly articulated vision, mission, business case and resulting Program Charter for the program. Works cross-functionally with business partners, Information Technology partners, suppliers and other teams to ensure successful execution of the program. Ensures projects within the program comply with established company standards. Develops an integrated plan that includes program deliverables, strategic alignment, total revenue. profit opportunity, enterprise-wide impacts, milestones, risks, assumptions, constraints and overall program investment. Updates program plans, priorities, and project sequencing as needed. Ensures all project teams working on the program understand and work toward accomplishing the business vision, goals and objectives of the program. Analyzes and evaluates project interdependencies and their impacts to the program. Recommends and implements program improvements to meet changing mission parameters and requirements. Monitors project execution to ensure that key milestones and financial parameters are met and that projects are delivered effectively to achieve the overall goals and objectives of the program. Communicates program status to participants and stakeholders accurately and on time. Escalates to ensure issues are resolved, as needed. Ensures program governance. Optimizes financial, human and other resource allocations between projects and ensures effective resource utilization across the program. Oversees the financial well-being of the program by analyzing cost effectiveness and exercising cost controls. Develops and monitors the program's budget. Works with business unit to secure funding for program requirements. Summary of Experience Content Strategy & Content Program Management experience Application of industry-based project management methodologies and tools (8 years) Building, leading and mentoring teams (8 years) General business experience in large, matrixed organizations (8 years) Managing complex large-scale business or information technology projects (8 years) Requirements gathering and analysis (8 years) Working with end-users to define work flows and integrate business processes and technology into effective business solutions (8 years) Mentoring other project managers in program and project management (6 years) Systems and process analysis, design and deployment (6 years) Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing Ability to lead and mentor team members Ability to develop, structure, and reuse content Strong problem-solving and analytical skills Ability to apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities Ability to establish cross-functional, collaborative relationships with business and technology partners Knowledge of basic business principles and company goals and objectives Knowledge of integration tools and methods Knowledge of system testing and test plan development Ability to lead complex program and project efforts to completion Ability to negotiate and influence Advanced knowledge of program and project management principles Job Scope Annual Managed Expenses $6-20 M Core Competencies Customer Focus Delivers legendary service that meets and exceeds all customers' expectations Ethics and Integrity Adheres to Starbucks values, beliefs and principles during good and bad times Composure Remains calm, maintains perspective and responds in a professional manner when faced with tough situations Personal Learning Takes personal responsibility for the continuous learning of new knowledge, skills and experiences Dealing with Ambiguity Able to successfully function during times of uncertainty and changing priorities Decision-Making Makes timely and quality decisions based on a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience and judgment Interpersonal Savvy Builds effective relationships with all people; up, down and sideways, inside and outside of Starbucks Results Oriented Gets results and achieves goals _Starbucks is an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals; including minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Starbucks will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all federal, state, and local ordinances._