Position Description What does a great Database Administrator do? The Database Administrator is responsible for maintenance and improvements of databases for systems that support the Lending Solutions business. You will be crafting the database structures and directing standard methodologies in a SQL environment. You will perform database tuning and optimization, back- ups and restores, capacity planning, and data security. These tools and applications support many of the functional groups within Lending Solutions, so you will have the opportunity to work with authorities in Finance, Human Resources, Business Development and IT to define requirements and develop solutions. Do you have a passion for process improvement and automation, and a history of initiative and innovation? If you are known for taking ownership for assignments and seeing them through to completion, then we want to hear from you. Basic qualifications for consideration: 3 years of experience as a SQL Server Database Administrator. Previous experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization, Back-ups and Restores, SSIS, Indexes, Capacity planning, and Data Security. Preferred qualifications for consideration: Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, or related field. Data Warehouse. Ability to work with remote teams, including offshore. Travel required: 0-10% Who we are: For every individual and family, two of their biggest life purchasing decisions involve buying a car and a house. We are the company working behind the scenes with our clients to create industry leading technology that ensures the experience is secure and easy for consumers. Each year, we are proud to help millions of people realize their ownership dreams. Our clients, who are Blue Chip lenders and high-growth brand name disruptors, trust us to help them address and anticipate the ever-evolving lending landscape. Over the years, we earned the industry’s choice for scalable performance and innovative technology that connects lenders with the people they serve. We are growing and we know we can’t do that without adding great new talent. We have an outstanding set of technology and service professionals across the globe but we need new team members who can help us realize our vision to optimize the connection between lenders and consumers. As a newly created joint venture between Warburg Pincus and Fiserv, we are a well-supported independent firm, channeling the strength of our Fortune 500 heritage together with the excitement of a growth-oriented, innovative technology provider. “This is an exciting time for Fiserv Lending Solutions. We’re looking to define and lead the next generation of lending technology, and that can only be achieved by having the right team. We know you have a choice and we hope you consider us to see if we are the right fit.” -Bret Leech, CEO of Fiserv Lending Solutions. Join us in this new venture and help us fulfill the promise we make to our clients every day. Fiserv Lending Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.