J.P. Morgan’s Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world’s most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $19 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. Client Intelligence is a platform that provides analytics on clients, deals, bankers, products, and profitability measures at the detail and aggregated level across key business metrics and dimensions. Position Overview XIB is a JPMorgan Investment Bank Global Client Intelligence platform - A central Data Warehouse for Equities, Fixed Income Trades. It supports more than 50+ feeds globally and interacts with multiple other systems within the Corporate & Investment Bank to provide a robust view of Client Revenue for Sales across the Investment Bank. We’re looking for a senior application developer to join a fast-paced, high-energy diversified team. The perfect candidate is focused on results, a self-starter, and has demonstrated success in resolving highly critical issues within matrix organization while maintaining rigorous adherence to project timelines, quality and costs. Candidate will be responsible to participate in full-stack application development using BigData technologies and Java. Essential Skills with minimum 5 years experience: Experience in Hadoop, Spark, Hive. Java, Spring framework. Experience in Oracle or columnar databases. Apache, Tomcat, Maven. Web Services, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). Debugging skills – Java, web app and SQL debugging. Defensive Programming e.g. prevention of cross-script attack, sql injection etc. Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _@2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran_