Responsible for researching and providing information, analysis and expertise to attorneys and staff in all practice areas of the Firm. Analyzes legal, corporate and general resources and communicates findings in a clear and concise manner. Coordinates current awareness alerts. Works with Knowledge Strategy Counsel to develop and maintain selected practice area databases and websites. Helps plan and implement department outreach, training and orientation programs. Assists with the evaluation and recommendation of new information resources. Hours: 12p-8p two days per week and 10a-6pm three days per week (exact schedule TBD) Supports research and Knowledge Management initiatives for Chicago and other Firm attorneys and staff across the globe, incorporating new technology. Performs ready reference and in-depth research on legal, corporate and other topics using online and print resources. Uses question and answer skills to conduct effective reference interviews. Distills research results into clear and concise reports of findings. Creates and maintains new business alert services that identify matters of interest to existing and potential clients. Creates and maintains current awareness alert services. Works independently and with the Knowledge Strategy (KS) team and selected practice areas to choose, collect, organize, maintain, and update content for practice area websites and databases. Provides attorneys with access to and encourages the effective use of internal and external knowledge resources. Disseminates knowledge resources via Firm wide intranet and databases to attorneys. Collaborates with practice group leaders and other attorneys to design effective KS websites and databases. Establishes relationships with attorneys to promote awareness of KS initiatives and to solicit their participation. Assists with evaluating new and updated versions of information resources, online and print sources, and recommends beneficial information sources for the Firm. Provides full service research and KS support if working remotely from the office. Monitors email on firm issued mobile device while out of the office and during off hours and coordinates with staff in Chicago and other offices to complete pending requests. Uses workflow software for the distribution and recording of research requests. Demonstrates effective interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills to facilitate effective work relationships with others. Manages Firm resources responsibly. Complies with and understands Firm operation, policies and procedures. Performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Expertise in using computer-based research tools: Lexis, Westlaw, Bloomberg, Intelligize, Securities Mosaic, Checkpoint, Practical Law, Fastcase, PLI, Capital IQ, Deal Point Data, and more Knowledge of relevant firm computer software programs (e.g., Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint), with the ability to learn new software and operating systems Demonstrates effective interpersonal and communication skills, both verbally and in writing Demonstrates close attention to detail Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, organizational, and planning skills Proven ability in using WYSIWYG web page editors Ability to handle multiple projects and shifting priorities Ability to handle sensitive matters and maintain confidentiality Ability to organize and prioritize work Ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced environment Ability to work well independently as well as effectively within a team Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines Ability to use discretion and exercise independent and sound judgment Flexibility to adjust hours and work the hours necessary to meet operating and business needs Experience/Education Master's Degree in Library Science or equivalent degree, or a minimum of 8 years of experience at a Master's level. Minimum of two years' experience conducting research in a legal setting, preferably in a law firm environment.