Job Description The Programmatic Partnership Lead (PPL) is an individual contributor who can sell Programmatic, data and technology/AI solutions from Watson Advertising to Programmatic teams at advertisers, agencies and publishers. Given the rapidly changing industries of Programmatic and AI, the PPL is a business development professional experienced at coming up with creative solutions both at the client and internally at The Weather Company. The PPL is tasked with dealing with the most challenging obstacles in business, technology and deal making: a positive can-do-anything attitude is a must. Seller and operator who can persuade clients to buy our solutions and who can navigate a complex organization to execute the solution. Consultative seller who can develop relationships with clients and who can figure out what solutions will solve the clients’ problems. An entrepreneur who can build a book of business, who can establish goals and who can beat those goals. Collaborative team player who can work with different functional teams across the Watson Advertising organization including Product, Operations and Legal. We are looking for someone whose 1 priority is winning for Watson Advertising and for IBM. We are on a team goal. The PPL will work with IBM colleagues outside of Watson Advertising so interested to work with others. The PPL is selling Media, First Party Data and Technology so must be comfortable learning across a wide spectrum of technologies. We are looking for someone who can set an example for others: a humble genius who is always looking for solutions and can gather support from others to successfully solve clients’ problems. The PPL will deal with very smart people across the organization whose opinions might be opposite from his or her opinion. The PPL must work well and get the support of those whose opinions are different. TWC Required Technical and Professional Expertise Proven experience in programmatic and online advertising, both from an operational and sales perspective. 10+ years experience in digital advertising, with at least 3-5 years in programmatic media. Strong understanding of the programmatic landscape, challenges in the marketplace, and understanding the challenges. Up-to-date on advertisers’ programmatic needs Ability to communicate complex technical and product features in simple terms High degree of creativity, self-motivation, and drive Eagerness to work in a dynamic environment that will be rapidly changing Willing to reach out to programmatic buyers and develop relationships Professional demeanor. Strong oral and written presentation skills Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence. EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.