Oversee the incoming Year I Learning Community assignments Divide the class into Learning Communities. Oversee Year I Orientation programming. Oversee Year I Orientation purchases (T-shirts, binders, etc.). Oversee the Year I Mentoring Program Assign the Year I faculty mentors. Recruit faculty mentors annually. Recruit Year II student mentors annually. Oversee planning of the annual Year I Mentoring Orientation (Fall). Facilitate Fall and Spring on-campus Mentoring Lunches. Unique Duties Provide Oversight for two WWMD Learning Communities. Assist with the Medical Student Performance Evaluation (MSPE) Process; Assist with Match Day, and Commencement. Qualifications An MD from an accredited college or university. A minimum of 5 years' experience with medical students as a mentor and student advisor. Preferred Qualifications Possess the knowledge, skills, and possess the professional attitude necessary to fulfill the tasks outlined in the job description for a diverse and complex student body. Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity, and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other under represented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full or Fractional Time Job Category Academic Administration Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 06-08-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message