Duties Summary As a Transportation Operations Specialist, you will have responsibility for the coordination and execution of the sales program for an assigned area in the respective zone. The incumbent will provide direction, guidance and oversight to Fleet employees and contractor staff pertaining to vehicle sales in his/her area of responsibility, as well as for other Federal Agencies wishing to use Fleet's established sales contracts. The incumbent acts as a sales program marketing representative and serves as a Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) for vehicle sales in the area of responsibility. The incumbent carries out assigned program responsibilities in accordance with basic procedures and objectives established by the Director of the Office of Fleet Management, various property disposal guidelines and the assigned Contracting Officer. Location of position: Federal Acquisition Services (FAS), Fleet Management Auburn, WA, Boise, ID, Monterey Park, CA, Phoenix, AZ, and/or San Francisco, CA Concurrent MP Vacancy Announcement If you are eligible under Merit Promotion, you may also apply under Vacancy Announcement 1809232VBMP. You must apply separately to each announcement to be considered for both. Responsibilities Serves as a warranted Contracting Officer for the assigned area. Performs contract administration of vehicle sales auction contracts with commercial firms, including the full range of responsibilities from negotiation of contract modifications to performance of termination/cancellation actions. Resolves problems and explains contract requirements. Assesses contractor performance and makes recommendations for improving standards and effectiveness as well as any corrective action required. Develops vehicle auction contract statements of work. Maintains statistical data from vehicle sales for reporting purposes. Provides guidance and assistance to several Sales Contracting positions located throughout the assigned area. Directs preparation of vehicles for sale at public auction within the assigned area. Does on-site screening, properly identifying condition, description, quantity, needed repairs to body, glass, and upholstery, and directing removal and reinstallation of accessory equipment. Provides direction and assistance with the conduct of the sale itself by serving as liaison between Zonal Fleet Management Centers and other Federal agencies. Travel Required Occasional travel - 25% or less Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Who May Apply This job is open to… All U.S. Citizens and Nationals Questions? This job is open to 1 group. Job family (Series) 2150 Transportation Operations Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment US Citizens and National (Residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) Meet all eligibility criteria within 30 days of the closing date Register with Selective Service, if you are a male born after 12/31/1959 If selected, you must meet the following conditions: Receive authorization from OPM on any job offer you receive, if you are or were (within the last 5 years) a Schedule A, Schedule C, or non-career SES political appointee Serve a one year probationary period, if required. Undergo and pass a background investigation (Tier 3 investigation level). Have your identity and work status eligibility verified if you are not a GSA employee. We will use the Department of Homeland Security’s e-Verify system for this. Any discrepancies must be resolved as a condition of continued employment. Have a valid driver's license Qualifications For each job on your resume, provide: the exact dates you held each job (from month/year to month/year) number of hours per week you worked (if part time). If you have volunteered your service through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, Americorps), we encourage you to apply and include this experience on your resume. For a brief video on creating a Federal resume, click here . The GS-12 in AUBURN, WA salary range starts at $79,570.00 per year. The GS-12 in BOISE, ID salary range start at $73,375.00 per year. The GS-12 in MONTEREY PARK, CA salary range starts at $83,043.00 per year. The GS-12 in PHOENIX, AZ salary range starts at $75,741.00 per year. The GS-12 in SAN FRANCISCO, CA salary range starts at $88,582.00 per year. If you are a new federal employee, your starting salary will likely be set at the Step 1 of the grade for which you are selected. To qualify, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level or higher in the Federal service and meet the FLEET QUALITY RANKING FACTOR: SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE IS DEFINED AS: Specialized experience is experience in the review and coordination of a vehicle sales program by providing technical advice and guidance on established vehicles sales contracts. Such experience must include the following: performing contract administration functions such as the negotiation of contract modifications, monitoring contractor performance, explaining contract requirements, etc.; preparing vehicles for sale; reviewing vehicle sales data; participating in on-site inspections; and coordinating marketing efforts and initiatives in order to increase sales. Fleet (Warranted Positions) Quality Ranking Factor: Quality Ranking Factors (QRFs): QRFs are knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) that could be expected to significantly enhance performance in a position, but are not essential for satisfactory performance. Applicants who possess such KSA's may be ranked above those who do not, but no one may be rated ineligible solely for failure to possess such KSA’s. The Quality Ranking Factor for this position is the ability to acquire and maintain Fleet Warrant Program certification, which includes formal training, experience and 12 semester hours of college credit. Submission of college transcripts is necessary to validate courses completed. Education None at this level. Additional information Bargaining Unit Status Bargaining Unit status: AFGE Travel – May be approved Travel expenses associated with interviews may be approved. Determinations will be made on a case-by-case basis. Recruitment/Relocation Incentive On a case-by-case basis, the following incentives may be approved: Recruitment incentive if you are new to the federal government Relocation incentive if you are a current federal employee Credit toward vacation leave if you are new to the federal government How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. We will use a method called Category Rating to assess your application. Here’s how it will work: You will be scored on the questions you answer during the application process, which will measure your possession of the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities: Your answers to the questions will be used to place you in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, or Qualified [If the use of 4 categories is justified, adjust verbiage]. We will verify your answers to the questions in your resume. If your resume doesn’t support your answers, we may lower your score, which could place you in a lower category. Within each category, veterans will receive selection priority over non-veterans. In-depth knowledge of a wide range of property disposal and fleet sales concepts, principles, practices and regulations in order to make determinations regarding the appropriate disposition of assigned vehicles. In-depth knowledge of sales, marketing, acquisition and contract administration, and advanced sales techniques. Specialized knowledge of vehicle offerings throughout the assigned area to ensure they are efficiently and legally sold. Knowledge of the financial aspects of fleet operations, e.g., agency procurement regulations, purchase order tracking to ensure adequate funding, inventory control, billing process/procedures, timely invoice processing, and agency cost recovery. If you are eligible under Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan or GSA’s Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP/CTAP) , you must receive a score of 85 or higher to receive priority. To preview questions please click here . Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Public Trust - Background Investigation Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents ALL required documents must be submitted before the closing date. Review the following list to determine what you need to submit. If you are claiming veterans’ preference: Copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD-214 that shows the dates of your active duty service. If selected, a DD-214 showing your type of discharge (member 4 copy) will be required prior to appointment. If you are claiming 10-point preference or derived preference (a spouse, widow or widower, or parent of a deceased or disabled veteran), submit both of the following in addition to the DD-214: (a) completed SF-15 form; and (b) proof of your entitlement (refer to SF-15 for complete list). If you are active duty military \- Certification on a letterhead from your military branch that includes your rank, character of service (must be under honorable conditions) & military service dates including discharge/release date (must be no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted). If you are ICTAP / CTAP eligible \- submit a, b, and c : (a) proof of eligibility including agency notice; (b) SF-50, and (c) most recent performance appraisal. College transcripts: If you are using some or all of your college education to meet qualification requirements for this position, you must submit a photocopy of your college transcript(s). If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. For education completed outside the United States, also submit a valid foreign credential evaluation that substantiates possession of the required education. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . You will have access to many benefits including: Health insurance (choose from a wide range of plans) Life insurance coverage with several options Sick leave and vacation time, including 10 paid holidays per year Thrift Savings Plan (similar to a 401(k) plan) Flexible work schedules Transit and child care subsidies Flexible spending accounts Long-term care insurance Training and development Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.