Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. As part of the Reporting and Analytics team, you will drive and manage technical solutions to meet the deep analytics, reporting and data management needs of Googlers. Due to the central role of the reporting and analytics team, you will interface with a diverse set of businesses, engineering and product teams across Google Cloud, Google external apps, proprietary products as well as third party tools, to pave the way for enterprise-class solutions. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Work with Product Managers, Business Systems Analysts, Software Engineers and business domain experts to design and implement technology solutions that integrate Cloud, Google-internal, open source as well as third party products. Develop unconventional insights from data and deliver analytical engagements. Determine technology challenges and gaps and seek out new ways to solve problems “horizontally” across multiple Google business areas. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: 10 years of experience in Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence Reporting and deep analysis. Experience working with industry leading data analytics tools (e.g. Google BigQuery, R, etc.) and reporting platforms (e.g. Tableau, Microstrategy, Business Objects, etc). Data Management and related project management experience. Conceptual, logical and physical data modeling and data architecture experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience working in public cloud or hybrid cloud environments. Programming experience in Java, C++, and/or Python. Experience with open data platforms like Hadoop, and NoSQL databases (e.g. Cassandra or MongoDB). Developed data analysis skills using SQL and other scripting languages. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.