About Celect Celect is a venture-backed company based in Boston with the mission of bringing science to the art of retail. Celect has built a SaaS cloud-based predictive platform that provides actionable insights to retailers by understanding how their customers choose. Founded by MIT professors and based on award winning science on choice modeling, Celect has built an experienced team of data scientists and retail experts, and a development team that is changing the way retailers make decisions. We are looking for smart, hard- working, and fun colleagues ready to join us for the ride of their career. About the Job TThe Celect team is passionate about bringing truly innovative products to the market. We are focused on building something which solves a big problem in a way never done before while delivering an exceptional customer experience. As a Sr. Data Analyst at Celect, you will be a key member of the Customer Success team, responsible for working with today's leading retail brands to help them get the full value of the Celect Optimization Platform. Our ability to understand underlying data needs from the Celect engine and partner with our Customers to gather, validate and integrate the data is key to our success. You will partner with Celect Data Scientists and with the customer to help drive retail predictive analytics insights so that the customer can realize meaningful results / ROI. As a key component of this process, you will also need the ability to communicate across diverse groups and disciplines. Responsibilities Responsible for overall data functions for the Customer Success team Partner with key business and IT customers to understand business and data requirements Analyze client data and surface key insights used to guide customer engagement opportunities Drive the data ingestion process with the customer as part of the Customer Success team Partner with Engineering to drive complex data queries Run and maintain SQL queries and databases Assist in the design and development of Celect's data ingest and customer data onboarding process and platform Prepare and create a variety of statistical reports used to analyze performance Identify and promote opportunities for simplification and proactively challenge existing processes Establish and support team via reporting and data analysis Requirements 3 - 5 years of business intelligence and analysis experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline Proficient in SQL language, Excel, machine learning and analysis Familiar with data visualization tools like Tableau Experience with processing large amounts of data in a cloud environment desirable Comfortable analyzing data and providing actionable insights and recommendations Comfortable communicating with customers on the phone or in person Technically curious and enjoy coming up with solutions to all sorts of challenges Team player with a positive attitude who is interested in building a truly innovative product and great company Location: Boston, MA Interested? Send your resume to jobs@celect.com .