Data Scientists bring analytic and delivery leadership to our customers at a time when Data Science is relatively new for many organizations. We win and deliver projects that are part of business transformation. Projects range from simple applications like predictive maintenance or may be a deep neural net, advice on how the customer should establish a DS team, or charting their analytic roadmap. We look for people that not only understand math and statistics but how to work with heterogenous data sets across complex organizations to resolve accurate assessments, analytic process, and visualization. We realize the ‘science’ part of data science is fundamental and expect the ability to create effective experiments given a customer’s business goals. Responsibilities Data Scientists in Microsoft services deliver on customer projects than span every industry and level of analytic maturity. You will work on a team that will include architects, consultants, and often other Data Scientists. Hence, you are responsible for delivery that exceeds customer expectations, team work, and curiosity as an advocate for the customer’s business interests. As part of a larger organization, sharing (and using) best practices and techniques across Microsoft is expected. Communication in conferences and sharing of feedback to the product group in Microsoft to improve our products is expected Qualifications Required Qualifications: Must possess a Masters Degree A minimum of 1 intership Additinal Qualificaitons: On-track to complete or within 12-months of graduation for a Master’s degree that demonstrates applied knowledge of analytics data science to a complex problem. Machine Learning and Statistics are common degrees but we do find people with applied experience in a field with very large and complex data sets such as Biology, Physics, or Social Sciences do well. Experience with at least one of the ML related technologies (SAS, SPSS, RevR, Azure ML, MapR ) Academic (applied is even better) knowledge of emerging domains such as Cognitive Services, deep learning, and distributed analytics on edge. Experience in data preparation, wrangling, and analysis with tools such as R, Python, Spark, etc. and with visualization tools. English language and local language fluency Flexible to be relocated within your existing country Willing to travel due to customer requirements for onsite services Demonstrates curiosity and actively explores options Seeks opportunities to learn new methods, procedures or techniques Ability to identify gaps and challenges in sales, delivery and operational models, and develop and propose solutions. Searches to find ways to make change possible Thriving in a fast paced, ambiguous environment Highly analytical - ability to understand business metrics, customer and market trends Coordinates personal actions with the actions of team members Excellent oral and written communication including strong presence with Executive Stakeholders Proactively meets and exceeds customer expectations Evaluates & builds solutions based on customer perspective Optimizes customer experience Takes responsibility and holds others accountable for actions, decisions, and goals Persistent, even in the midst of setbacks Works with confidence, energy & drive Accepts feedback Passion for the technology and innovation Ability to influence, inspire and lead from any role Good understanding of the relationship between technology and business Excellent communication, negotiation and presentation skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.