This is a Laboratory Solution Consultant contract position in a Fortune 100 health care Informatics organization that is responsible for designing and deploying and supporting informatics solution. The resource will apply their advanced laboratory and technical knowledge to analyze user needs, gather customer requirements, architect and develop integrated, scalable, comprehensive informatics solutions to improve both clinical and non-clinical workflow for global clinical diagnostic healthcare customers. They will provide service and support for both in-house teams (e.g. Division level Marketing and R&D;) as well as field-based employees (e.g. Sales and Field Service). Responsibilities Product and Service The Laboratory Solution Consultant will be a resource for in-house teams working on a variety of product and service development, including but not limited to collecting, refining user needs for clinical laboratory informatics that will be used to develop informatics product and services by using the candidate’s ability to understand laboratory workflow, interpret and correlate laboratory tests for clinician diagnostic efforts. Laboratory testing extends to specimen preparation, quality control, pre- and post-analytics processes. work with cross-functional teams to propose, recommend and architect solutions based on requirements. architecting and maintaining solution knowledge base. Field Technical Support The Laboratory Solution Consultant will play a vital role in supporting the field implementation personnel and. The Laboratory Solution Consultant will provide advanced technical support to the field service team related to dataflows within clinical lab and how that relates to dataflows in informatics products. Customer Solution Architecture In this role, the Laboratory Solution Consultant will act as a consultant analyzing customer workflow, information systems and architecting solution using diagnostics, informatics products and service. The Consultant will be a resource for external or internal Abbott customers where higher-level discussions on overall architecture, integration, and data manipulation need to take place. Skills/Experience Requirements o Minimum 2 years of laboratory experience o A strong understanding of laboratory informatics including automation, instrumentation, and IT systems is desired. o Qualified applicants will be experienced in software configuration with strong business and requirements analysis skills. The ideal candidate will have excellent problem solving and communication skills. This position will require significant interaction with field personnel and customers. Other competencies such as the ability to work in team-oriented environments, adaptability and high initiative are also critical. Educational Requirements Associate or Bachelor's degree in Medical technology/Biology/Chemistry or clinical laboratory science. Formal education in IT/IS is preferred. Site Location: Dallas Relocation Assistance Available: No Percentage of Travel: 10-15% Send us your CV today and let's start the journey today info@chicagocomputer.biz