Athena is J.P. Morgan's cross-market risk management and trading system that provides functionality for traders, salespeople and operations staff globally. It is used in our foreign exchange, fixed income, credit and commodities businesses. Athena includes a globally replicated object-oriented database, a powerful dependency graph and a fully integrated stack across pricing, risk and trading tools. The code is a combination of Python, Java, and C++: C++ for speed, and Python for flexibility and rapid but controlled releases. Athena is designed to provide a continuous deployment environment, and pull developers close to the business to help increase revenues, while improving operational processes and controls to reduce costs. The role requires a technically strong and disciplined developer. A record of delivering high quality, well-tested solutions in a mature controlled environment is a prerequisite. The role will require an ability to attain clear understanding of the Athena environment and of the unique design considerations that come into play in a diverse and highly interdependent systems environment. A high level of interaction with the business is required as applications are revenue generating and directly used by the businesses globally. Experience in performant, large-scale system development in an object-oriented or functional language, such as Python, Java, C++ or C. Willingness to become proficient and develop in Python, if not already a primary language. Good understanding of Agile development methodologies, responsible for elucidating and agreeing requirements, building relationships with business users, and taking ownership of deliverables all the way to the production environment. Focus on testing through the entire development cycle to produce reliable and maintainable software. Experience in finance or investment banking as an application developer preferred, or willingness to rapidly learn the business domain. Ability to develop a good understanding of end to end business processes. Enthusiastic to keep learning and growing, in technical aptitude, business understanding and personal effectiveness. Excellent interpersonal skills to interact confidently and credibly with business users, to understand and agree business requirements and their prioritization. Ability to collaborate with and influence other technology teams to deliver end to end solutions to the business in a constantly changing environment. Eager to take ownership of work, have real business impact, overcome obstacles and take it through to completion, working as part of this team and collaborating with a much bigger community of developers sharing the technology and code base. Experience working with front office users or other control functions and a desire to partner with the business. Follow-the-sun support model, experience working across multiple time zones Incident management experience or the willingness to learn. Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _@2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran_