Puyallup,Washington,United States DAKUMK The Composite Manufacturing Center - Advanced Developmental Composites (ADC) is looking for strong a Manufacturing and Assembly 1st Line Leader. The desired candidates will be able to establish cross-functional partnerships to achieve team and program goals while fostering a work environment that promotes accountability, trust, teamwork, quality and safety. The successful candidate is expected to understand, communicate and execute organizational vision, goals and strategic direction, encouraging and leading a culture of performance, continuous improvement and employee involvement. Your skills will allow you to proactively partner with customers, peers and support teams to best meet company objectives; as well as support problem solving and continuous improvement activities, including opportunities to grow yourself as a Boeing Leader. The position will be located in Puyallup, Washington. Position Responsibilities : Manages employees performing activities in multiple manufacturing and or Assembly disciplines. Develops and executes business plans, policies and procedures using the the BPS T1, T2 and T3 processes. Leads process improvements using the BPS 8 Step problem solving tools and methods Develops and Maintains relationships and partnerships with customers, stakeholders, peers, partners and direct reports. Facilitates and executes Production Work performance and Special Projects. Manages, develops and motivates employees. Acquires resources, provides technical management of suppliers and leads process improvements. Provides oversight and approval of technical approaches, products and processes. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills & Experience): Minimum of 5 years of experience in Aerospace or Manufacturing Minimum of 1 year of leadership experience Must be available to travel up to 10% of the time Must have experience using a computer applications such as e-mail and Microsoft Suite and MS Office tools Demonstrated effective communication skills Ability to work any shift and willing to work a Manager overtime rotation Must have basic organization skills such a basic project management Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Basic understanding of IAM contracts Familiar with Boeing Production System (BPS) and/or Toyota Production System(TPS) concepts Experience with managing Safety, Cost, Quality, and Manufacturing KPI data Commitment to Go for Zero and Incident Injury Free (IIF) principles Experience in Composite Fabrication or Assembly desired Degree or Certificate in Business, Management, Engineering, IE, PE, Aeronautical Sciences, Technology Field, Project Management or other relevant disciplines This position is located in Puyallup, WA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time Fabrication Manager with Direct Reports No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company