EMPLOYMENT AND ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ANALYST - Job 12260.18.004 POSTING TYPE: External DEPARTMENT: Employment and Economic Assistance HOURS: Full-time (1.0) HIRING SALARY: $47,073.00 - $52,957.00/ annually (Salary grade 106) LOCATION: Northern Services Center, West St Paul UNION: AFSCME 306 CLOSE DATE: 4:30 p.m. on 8/13/2018 Come join us at Dakota County and Be More! The work County government does is unique. You will not be just another employee; you'll be a valued employee making a difference in the lives of Dakota County residents every single day. We employ nearly 1800 skilled individuals whose talents and contributions makes Dakota County a premier place to live and work. Dakota County offers more than careers that make a difference; we also offer competitive benefits, work-life balance, convenient work locations, and great facilities. Will you be the next person to join us at Dakota County? The Program Analyst is responsible for preparation of routine and ad hoc management level reports by extracting, analyzing and presenting information from Department information systems. The position is also responsible for scheduling, monitoring, developing, performing and implementing quality assurance measures for various systems, provide user training, and assist with Department and Divisional data collection projects. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in related field OR Four years of experience in management analysis or related analytical experience. OR . A combination of related education and experience to total four or more years. PREFERRED EDUCATION BEYOND MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: . Bachelor's Degree in human services/human services related field, business, quantitative or statistical analysis, policy analysis, information technology (applications/software), or a related field. . Experience with software related to Governmental Human Services. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES _These examples do not include all possible tasks in this work and do not limit the assignment of related tasks in any position of this classification. Regular attendance according to the position's management approved work schedule is required for all positions._ 1\. Provide statistical analysis and outcome measurement research for the development of programs and processes. 2\. Plan, design, and maintain quality assurance systems to monitor compliance with mandates and assure revenue maximization. 3\. Assist in identifying and accessing data and data sources that are relevant to program/practice/policy interpretation. 4\. Demonstrate knowledge of basic research and data collection techniques and tools for project/program purpose and use. 5\. Applies suitable statistical methods, tools, and/or resources to collect data. 6\. Assists in interpreting findings through effective integration of subject matter, stakeholder, and organizational knowledge. 7\. Recommends alternatives when evaluation of data and outcomes warrants corrective action. 8\. Coordinates simple projects and assists others in facilitating coordination of new initiatives or processes. 9\. Demonstrates a commitment to increase cultural diversity County wide and actively supports the County's diversity initiatives, and works to address the needs of diverse and underserved communities. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Duties 1-6, 9 are essential functions. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES AND WORK ENVIRONMENT Basic knowledge of research techniques and of basic evaluation, statistical analysis, and accounting principles. Basic ability to evaluate information and prepare recommendations and to prepare clear and accurate reports on time Ability to work as a member of a team to complete complex projects. Considerable ability to communicate in a clear and concise manner. Considerable organizational ability; ability to effectively manage time. Demonstrates an advanced understanding of and respect for the diversity of customers, co-workers, and supervisors, including individuals with a disability or whose first language may be other than English. WORK ENVIRONMENT: Work is primarily sedentary, although there is some traveling and transporting of lightweight items such as briefcases, notebooks, and work papers. The work is typically performed in an office. May require occasional travel within Dakota County. SELECTION PROCESS: The examination/selection process for this classification will consist of a rating of your training and experience from the application materials submitted. The top scoring candidates will be forwarded to the hiring department for further consideration. Dakota County Employee Relations www.co.dakota.mn.us Main Number 651.438.4435 (contact 8 a.m - 4:30 p.m. Monday -Friday) Fax 651.438.8178