Job Requirements Configure and maintain database servers and processes, including monitoring of system health and performance, to ensure high-levels of performance, availability, and security. Apply data modeling techniques to ensure development and implementation support efforts meet integration and performance expectations Independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end. Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes Assist other members of the Database Systems team and Developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement. Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours. Responsible of ensuring all scheduled jobs such as backups, ETL loads and other items have executed correctly. Ability to design, create and implement new concepts quickly. Ability to design, create and implement new concepts quickly. Ability to adapt to sudden change in priorities and requirements. Able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and manage time effectively. Good communication skills both written and oral. Excellent organization skills and calm under pressure. Excellent attention to detail. Strong interpersonal skills and mature judgment. Ability to communicate technical issues to all levels Required Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. Understanding of potential performance bottlenecks. Good working knowledge of the SQL Server Database Engine including Locking and Transaction concepts. 6+ years of experience with SQL Server. Experience with SQL Server 2016 or 2017 strongly preferred. Experience with third party monitoring tools preferred. Experience with T-SQL Windowing functions a plus. All candidates must be US citizens Security Clearance is a requirement Security plus certificate preferred EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled \- Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.