Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. EIT Recovery and Resolution Planning (RRP) Job Description This position is responsible for a variety of activities in support of the Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) Recovery and Resolution Planning (RRP) team. The EIT RRP team is responsible for leading, directing, and ensuring completion of the firm-wide RRP technology plans and projects as required to support related regulatory guidance. Capabilities Management – Responsible for managing lifecycle of Management Information Systems (MIS) capabilities which enable Recovery & Resolution Planning. Partner with business and technology project delivery teams to guide aspects of MIS capability enhancements. Perform long-term capability planning which aligns with strategy and architecture. Maintain capability testing strategy and plan for execution. Partner closely with all Risk Management Lines of Defense, Recovery & Resolution Planning Office (RRPO), Operational Sustainment and Governance & Strategy team. Primary responsibilities include: Manage the entire lifecycle of MIS RRP Capabilities including Critical Reports Inventory, Use and Access to Technology, and Critical Application Management Program Oversight Collaborate with the Enterprise Data Governance team to ensure alignment with data controls and policy expectations for RRP Applications Create and modify holistic documentation related to Recovery and Resolution Planning (RRP) for the Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) organization in partnership with other key lines of business. Create presentation material and supporting documentation as necessary to support the goals of the EIT RRP group in order to drive progress for focus area goals and deliverables Perform documentation of capabilities in place with an understanding of how the current state business environment satisfies regulatory expectations. Assist with creation or modification of RRP MIS narrative content and ensure alignment with messaging from partner capability areas, EIT organization, Risk Management Lines of Defense, and RRPO groups. Provide analysis and support for work efforts as required, draft RRP materials to communicate with partner groups. Support reviews and challenges from external regulators, Risk Management Lines of Defense and RRPO groups. Support the establishment of processes as necessary including creation and maintenance of associated documentation Partner across the organization to ensure technology delivery of Recovery and Resolution Planning Capabilities Partner with other focus area Leads to execute new processes and perform analysis to ensure sustainability of the EIT RRP function Collaborate with the EIT organization and contribute to RRP-related submissions and regulatory responses Track and manage specific units of work across the RRP Capability Area Required Qualifications 6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: project management, implementation, or strategic planning Desired Qualifications Advanced Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) skills Experience developing partnerships and collaborating with other business and functional areas Ability to execute in a fast paced, high demand, environment while balancing multiple priorities Ability to take initiative and work independently with minimal supervision in a structured environment Knowledge and understanding of audit and regulatory compliance Other Desired Qualifications Demonstrated understanding of enterprise functions such as finance, liquidity management, collateral management, risk management, and financial products Strong analytical skills and proven ability in analytical reasoning, including being able to contextualize data into business activities and conclusions Strong ability to articulate complex issues concisely and in simple language to support problem analysis in writing including presentations, executive summaries, and reporting Demonstrated understanding of technology risk management, mitigation, and governance Demonstrated understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and associated functions (Quality Assurance, Development, etc.) with the ability to collaborate to sustain MIS Capabilities Experience with process or business transformation activities Recognizing the significance of competing priorities and strategies, and adjusting as necessary. Demonstrate integrity, respect; be able to work collaboratively and virtually with team members A high comfort level with working in a fast paced, unstructured, unpredictable and frequently changing environment Strong academic background, including a Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Risk Management, Accounting or a related field with an understanding of IT in banking. Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.