Our mission is to protect life. We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. In the next 10 years, we’ll triple the amount of time officers can spend serving their communities. In the next 20, we’ll eliminate paperwork in policing so that officers can focus on what matters. And in the next 50 years, we’ll make the bullet obsolete. It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day. Your Impact Are you crazy about quality? Do you love working troubleshooting and continuously improving process and products? Axon is looking for a self- motivated Quality Engineer that is hungry to show their talents in the video and public safety industry. As Axon’s Quality Engineer, you will be responsible for testing and analyzing video and CEW hardware to ensure quality and safety. You will set up test cases, develop scenarios, report issues, and diagnose technical problems. Test cases may be conducted in multiple environments to assure that the product can stand up to everyday use. You will communicate your findings with Axon team members such as product managers, developers, and system engineers. You will lead and create design and process failure mode assessments (DFMEA, PFMEA), and craft process control plans. You will also review technical drawings and build an incoming inspection plan for new products. Additionally, you will review first article inspection reports and process capability data from suppliers before approving materials to ship to Axon. Your Day to Day You have proven experience in process controls and will validate and assist in new and improved plans for the functionality of the products and services offered by Axon You will provide the tools, methodologies, techniques, and technical insight to introduce improvements of electronic processing You are highly motivated and communicates effectively in a dynamic, multidisciplinary team environment to meet internal and external customer demands Skills Required Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering 3+ years’ experience in quality engineering Proven ability to read and interpret drawings, models, and schematics Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Ability to conduct DFMEA/PFMEA Internal/External Auditing experience Excellent reporting skills and teamwork Excellent time management skills Ability to apply a range of standard statistical techniques in support of manufacturing, engineering, and research & development studies and/or experiments. Skills Preferred Experience in industries such as communications, healthcare, transportation, video, electronics and signal processing Knowledge base of Axon products and services JIRA/Tableau/DAX experience Experience in diagnostic systems and IPC standards Minitab or equivalent Compensation and Benefits Competitive salary and 401K with employer match Discretionary paid time off A supportive parental leave policy An award-winning office/working environment Ride along with real police officers in real life situations, see them use technology, get inspired And more... We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.