A million people a year die in car collisions around the world. That number can be zero. You can help us build an InsurTech company that uses the latest technology, data science, and behavior modification methods to save lives by preventing car collisions before they happen. To this end, we helped launch hiroad.com, a cloud native insurance solution that rewards people for the act of driving well. We are a well funded team of elite developers, data scientists, and business people who truly care about making a difference in the world, located in the financial district of San Francisco. The field is rich with data and we will be pushing the boundaries of what is possible with it. If this sounds like a match for you and what you are up to, please apply. We'd love to hear from you. Skills and requirements: You've built streaming data applications using open source tools You're deeply familiar with the SMACK stack and Scala You've deployed machine learning models in production You are a solid software engineer Ideal, but not required: You have been responsible for supporting large-scale, data-intensive deployments and have the scars to prove it! You know how to put together a machine learning model You have wrangled trip data (location, accelerometer, gyroscope, etc). More details: Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience and talent. We are unable to offer equity. Benefits: Full medical, dental, vision coverage, 401k, daily catered lunch, wellness reimbursement & on-site shower, four weeks of vacation, six weeks of parental leave, panoramic views, and more. Location: Near Montgomery Street BART station, San Francisco, California. Locals preferred, but relocation within the US considered for outstanding candidates. _All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records._