At Symphony, we’re on a mission to help people communicate, collaborate and enjoy their work. Our secure messaging and meetings platform is changing the way people do business in information sensitive industries. Our customers are fast-paced, and rely on Symphony to keep up, while ensuring complete data privacy and information security. We are seeking a passionate and experienced Information Security Analyst to augment our efforts in Vulnerability Management, including protection and understanding of risk in relation to business information assets and, building systems that are compliant & meet global security standards. This role reports to the Director of Infrastructure Security and helps protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information assets with a critical focus on Symphony’s vulnerability management program. RESPONSIBILITIES: Triage & Analyze reports from Symphony’s Bug Bounty Program and other external or internal sources, take appropriate action and respond to maintain Symphony’s level of security Reproduce reported application vulnerabilities Collaborate with colleagues at all levels of the organization, across all business and technology functions, in order to advance and support the vulnerability management program Track, triage and schedule component vulnerabilities used across IT and Cloud infrastructures Analyze, identify improvements, and optimize Symphony’s vulnerability management processes Cross-train with team members on all other Infrastructure Security Tools such as SIEM, Firewall, monitoring tools REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 5-6 years’ relevant experience focused on vulnerability management for web applications CISSP or relevant SANS certification Proven experience of combined security and\or IT work experience in a position focused primarily on application security Knowledge of Information Security standards and secure coding best practices Experience with conducting network, operation system, database and/or vulnerability assessments and security configuration/hardening audits Knowledge of Static and Dynamic Analysis tools (SAST/DAST) such as Veracode, Checkmarx, SonarQube, OWASP ZAP Excellent Verbal and Written Communication Skills Nice to have: Java development background Python and/or other scripting abilities CEH or OSCP certification ABOUT SYMPHONY: Symphony transforms the way users communicate effectively and securely with a single workflow application. Forging a new path in the industry, Symphony is designed to help individuals, teams and organizations of all sizes improve productivity, while meeting complex data security and regulatory compliance needs. Symphony was founded in October 2014 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA, with offices in New York, Hong Kong, Singapore, Tokyo, Stockholm, Sophia- Antipolis and London. Symphony has raised roughly $300 million from the world’s largest financial institutions and recognized investors such as Bank of America - Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, BlackRock, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Wells Fargo, UBS, Société Générale as well as Google. We’re looking for top-notch talent to join our team to help us change the way the world communicates. If you have the skills and savvy to work with a world- class team and an appetite for game-changing disruption, we want to hear from you! BENEFITS AND PERKS: Medical, dental, and vision coverage 401(K) plan Life and AD&D; coverage Short-term and long-term disability coverage Employee assistance program Flexible spending account benefits Unlimited vacation and sick time Fully stocked kitchen and catered or reimbursed lunches Discounted gym memberships Many other fun and exciting benefits and activities! COMPENSATION: Competitive salary Bonus Plan Equity Benefits and Perks vary based on location. Symphony reserves the right of ownership for all unsolicited resumes submitted for this requisition and is not responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Symphony participates in E-Verify. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the completion of an I-9 form and submission of the appropriate documents for identity and work authorization. Note: If considered for a position you will be subject to a criminal background check. A conviction is not an automatic bar to employment. Each case will be considered on its own merits. The nature of the offense, the date of the offense, the surrounding circumstances, the relevance of the offense to the position(s) applied for, and any pattern of offenses may, however, be considered.