Data Engineer Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and strive to provide the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we're committed to our work, customers, having fun, and most meaningfully to each other's success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! SplunkZero, the internal innovation team using and promoting the use of Splunk, at Splunk is looking for a Data Engineer to architect and build innovative use cases for Splunkers. This position is responsible to build and scale the data infrastructure that works in conjunction to Splunk to provide business analytics. The role involves ownership and technical delivery, working closely with other members of marketing, sales, sales engineering, product management, development engineering, and partners, leading the end to end experience. The position is based at Splunk's Bay Area offices in San Francisco or San Jose, California and is a phenomenal opportunity at a fast-growing and dynamic enterprise technology company. Strong technical experience within enterprise software is critical. Responsibilities: I want to and can do that! Insights: Enable Splunk’s internal business users to make data-driven decisions in a dynamic, fast-growing environment. Implement analytical use cases and dashboards for internal departments such as Marketing & Sales. Own specific business domains, like Sales Operations and enable data organization for easier access to insight by Splunkers Agility: Closely collaborate with our Product Owners and Business Systems Analysts to align priorities and for verification of developed solutions. Ability to work on the development initiatives (multiple technologies) as part of a scrum team on sprint cycles. Innovation: Build a scalable data infrastructure with the structure and rigor of solving engineering problems. Build data pipelines that collect, process, and organize data from internal and third party data sources Operate: Provide operational & production support for the data pipeline Streamline: Define and follow coding standards, unit test framework and establish standard methodologies, as applicable. Work with business analysts and data engineers to enable self-service analysis for data analysts within business teams Requirements: I’ve already done that or have that! 5+ years of work experience in a relevant field (Data Engineer, BI Engineer, DW Engineer, etc.) Experience with data warehouse technologies (Redshift, Vertica, or similar), visualizations tools (Tableau or similar) and relevant data modeling standard methodologies Experience ingestion of data from internal and third party sources and familiarity with data design principles Excellent SQL skills and experience with relational databases Proficiency in a major programming language (e.g. Java) and/or a scripting language (Perl/Python) Self-starter who truly enjoys a fast-paced, innovative software start-up environment. An innate desire to deliver and a strong sense of teamwork Passionate about groundbreaking technology, enjoys creativity, and has strong written and verbal communication skills. Experience with Splunk, Spark, Kafka are a plus. Education: Got it! B.S. degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or a similar quantitative field We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.