Job Description Wayfair Analytics is the engine that powers an enterprise obsessed with data. We move fast, iterating quickly on big business problems. We work smart, applying technology to accelerate unlocking insights and providing outsized value to our customers. We swing big, knowing our customers won’t benefit from micro optimizations. We treat data as a resource; making information globally accessible and eliminating silos. If you want to join a team with these traits in their DNA, read on. With a focus on web analytics, the Business Intelligence Manager will lead a team of multiple analysts, providing critical data to our internal business partners to drive strategic and tactical decisions. In addition, the Business Intelligence Manager will play a role in architecting both Wayfair’s current and next generations of our first class self-service BI platform. A successful candidate will have strong business and technical acumen, as well as great problem solving, communication, and mentoring and management skills. Responsibilities: Partnering with internal customers (e.g., Marketing, Logistics, Customer Service) to develop analyses that lead to actionable insights that accelerate profitable growth Prioritization and project management of team activities while proactively identifying areas in which analytics efforts can produce a strong value add Architecting data structures and reports in a MPP environment Working with several large and complex SQL, and Vertica databases Mentoring and development of a team of analyst Qualifications: 5+ years of total experience in a business intelligence, data science or engineering role Senior Analysts with a desire to manage and grow strongly encouraged to apply Experience with OLAP technologies, SQL, and related BI software (SSAS, Microstrategy, Cognos) Positive, people-oriented, and energetic attitude Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems Strong written and verbal communication Entrepreneurial spirit Experience with Python, Java, Tableau, C++ a plus BA in computer science, economics, or other quantitative discipline with strong academic record About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.