Q2 is seeking an ambitious Full Stack Developer to advance our data sciences group’s ability to enhance our customer’s experiences. As part of our Engineering Development group, based in Austin, TX, you will be using a SCRUM team development process to define, develop, implement, and support custom solutions through fast-paced, dynamic projects involving components at every level of the Q2 platform. Our ideal candidate is someone with a self-motivated spirit and is comfortable with driving the team into new methods and new technologies to engineer solutions using a mix of open technologies and our own proprietary framework. RESPONSIBILITIES: Contribute to increasing code quality and productivity through leadership in areas such as Test Driven Development and agile estimation and planning. Identify complex problems and review related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Drive team towards moving services to the cloud with testing and automation. Participate in code reviews to provide input on requirements and identify potential problems. Design, implement, integrate, and test software solutions of moderate complexity comprised of Windows- and Linux-based front-end and back-end components that interact with end users and integrate with internal and external services. Work individually and collaboratively to deliver solutions in live production systems. Support, maintain, and resolve problems for custom features in live production systems. Responsible for ensuring that all security, availability, confidentiality and privacy policies and controls are adhered to. EXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE: 1 -2 years of software development experience Proficiency in Python and JavaScript Experience building/deploying single page apps using web technologies Experience debugging applications for cross-browser and mobile perfection Experience with Cassandra, Spark, or Scala a plus Experience with Docker and Jenkins a plus Experience with RESTful APIs and web development Knowledgeable about principles of Test Driven Development Passion for applying good design principals while exercising pragmatism to keep deadlines Experience in all aspects of the software development life cycle Experience engineering software in a service-oriented architecture Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Effective communication skills Experience contributing in an Agile development environment Good interpersonal skills Occasional availability for on-call/emergency support Ability to work flexible hours when necessary for deadlines and off-hours installations