Auto req ID: 155128BR Job Description PepsiCo operates in an environment undergoing immense and rapid change, driven by eCommerce and emergent retail technologies. To ensure continued success in the food and beverage space, PepsiCo has assembled a dedicated eCommerce team – tasked with optimizing eCommerce operations and developing innovations that will give PepsiCo a sustainable competitive advantage. While tied closely to broader PepsiCo, the eCommerce group more closely resembles a start-up environment; embracing the core values of having bias for action, being results oriented, maintaining a community-focus, and prioritizing people. PepsiCo’s Data Science and Analytics group is a team of data scientists, technology specialists, and business innovators who operate within eCommerce to build industry-leading systems and solutions. By focusing on machine learning and automation, the Data Science & Analytics group is pushing the bounds of possibility for PepsiCo and its strategic partners. What PepsiCo Data Science does: Build machine learning systems to understand the cross-channel grocery ecosystem Lay the groundwork for reinforcement learning systems for eventual operations optimization Perform statistical analysis across diverse datasets to drive and measure performance Work with PepsiCo’s strategic partners to expand their technical capabilities, thereby creating a more robust data environment Utilize natural language understanding techniques to uncover insights from contextual data How PepsiCo Data Science does it: Script using Python Stochastically optimize function approximators using Tensorflow (But we can read Theano, MxNet, Caffe, Chainer, PyTorch, etc code if needed) Optimize networks on a team server with 4 Tesla V100s (Nvidia’s new model with TPU cores) Store and access relational data in a SQL database Qualifications/Requirements What our team looks for in a Software Engineer: Software Engineering expertise: Candidate should be comfortable designing and developing software engineering solutions for modern machine learning applications. Candidate should be experienced developing clean, tested, scalable code using standard coding guidelines. Web Development expertise: Candidate should be experienced building interacting web portals that support surfacing machine learning backend systems, interacting with external APIs and allowing user input. Web portal development comfort should include supporting python and Tensorflow back ends, persisting Tensorflow models, and interacting with SQL databases. Database Experience: Experience designing databases and building efficient table architectures in SQL and Hadoop. Comfortable taking the technical lead to architect large data sources using common big data principles to assist data scientists’ ability to perform analysis. Excellent business communication: Candidate should be able to clearly and concisely express complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences. Candidate should be capable of outlining their approach to business problems in formal presentations forums and writing. Candidate should be able to propose custom solutions to business problems. Relocation Eligible: Not Applicable Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement