FlexManage is a national business and technology consulting firm that exists to make a difference in the lives of its customers. We do so by empowering small, middle market and enterprise organizations with services across three core areas: 1) _Consulting, 2) Managed Services, and 3) Cloud Technologies._ __ With national office presence, FlexManage is uniquely poised to offer a broad array of business and IT services that work collaboratively with clients to help them realize substantial results. Together, as partners with our customers, we focus on strategic growth with an emphasis on automation, scale, data- driven engineering, cost-effectiveness and environmental sustainability. PRIMARY OBJECTIVE: The Business Intelligence Developer plays a pivotal role in the development of the Company’s data warehouse applications. Partnering with the BI Solutions Architect, the Developer is responsible for creating and managing database activities for the Company’s clients. The Developer will transform business requirements into optimal systems implementations as well as work on large data warehousing and reporting initiatives. MAIN TASKS & DUTIES: Translate business needs to technical specifications. Design, build and deploy BI solutions (i.e., reporting tools). Maintain & support data analytics platforms (i.e., Tableau). Create tools to store data (i.e., OLAP cubes, OLTP etc). Conduct until testing and troubleshooting. Evaluate and improve existing BI systems. Retrieve multiple data sources to ultimately create custom reporting. Collaborate with internal and client teams to integrate systems. Develop and execute database queries and conduct analyses. Create visualizations and reports for requested projects. Develop and update technical documentation. National travel up to 50%. POSITION REQUIREMENTS: 5-10 years of Microsoft Business Intelligence. 5-10 proven experience as a BI developer or data scientist. 2+ years of professional services (consulting) is required. Background in data warehouse design (i.e., dimensional modeling and data mining). In-depth understanding of database management, online analytics processing (OLAP) and ETL (extract, transform, load) framework. Knowledge of SQL queries, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL (Server Integration Services (SSIS). 2+ years of Power BI. API knowledge is a plus. Azure/AWS is a plus. Proven abilities to take initiate and be innovative. Analytical mind with a problem-solving attitude. Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field or relevant experience. DISCLAIMER: This role is a temp-to-permanent FTE role. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the position and it is not intended to be an exhaustive list of skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.