At Front, we’re redefining work communications and collaboration with our shared inbox for teams. Front brings all of your communication channels(email, Facebook, Twitter, Twilio SMS, live chat etc.) into one place, so you can triage and assign messages, have internal conversations around them, and even sync work across other apps you use from Salesforce to GitHub, without ever leaving your inbox. Today, over 3,500 companies rely on Front to power their communications, and we’re just getting started. As the first Data Engineer at Front, your core responsibility will be to maintain and scale our infrastructure for analytics as our data volume and needs continue to grow at a rapid pace. This is a high impact role, where you will be driving initiatives affecting teams and decisions across the company. You’ll be a great fit if you thrive when given ownership, as you would be the key decision maker in the realm of architecture and implementation. Responsibilities Architect systems and end-to-end solutions that provide fast, efficient and reliable interfaces for internal users of the analytics infrastructure. Automate existing processes and create systems that favor self-service data consumption. Own the quality of our analytics data. Implement a robust monitoring & logging framework that guarantees the traceability of inevitable incidents. Evaluate whether the best solution for each problem at hand is to build, buy or contract the work. Interface with data scientists, analysts, product managers and all other customers of the analytics infrastructure to understand their needs and expand the infrastructure as we grow. Requirements BS/BA in Computer Science, Mathematics, or relevant technical field. Ability to manage data warehouse plans and communicate them to internal clients. At least 4 years of experience as a Data Engineer, or in a role that required expertise in data pipeline technologies. Strong overall programming skills, able to write modular, maintainable code. Specialized experience with at least one of HDFS, EMR, Redshift, Spark, Flink, or Presto. Experience with SQL RDBMS is required. Experience with R or Python is a plus. You are proactive, have a positive attitude with a “can-do”, service-oriented mentality. Ability to juggle multiple projects/tasks with multiple stakeholders.