Division: Energy Management Business Unit: Digital Grid Solutions & Services Requisition Number: 229789 Primary Location: United States-New York-Schenectady Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Mid level Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree Travel Required: 10% Division Description: Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationally for more than 165 years. As a global technology company, Siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. To tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the Company is organized in eight Divisions: Power and Gas, Power Generation Services, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Mobility, Digital Factory, Process Industries and Drives, and Financial Services. With power chain management from creation to consumption, and over half a dozen manufacturing hubs here in the U.S., Siemens Energy Management provides technologies for the economic, reliable, and intelligent transmission and distribution of electrical power. From smart grid and energy automation technology, to power supply for industrial plants and high-voltage transmission systems, Siemens is providing intelligent technologies to a diverse clientele. For more information, please visit: https://www.siemens.com/us/en/home/company/about/businesses/energy_management.html Job Description: WE ARE HELPING TO BUILD THE ENERGY GRID FOR THE FUTURE. CAN YOU HELP US MAKE IT A REALITY? IF YOU'RE AN ELECTRICAL TRANSMISSION / DISTRIBUTION EXPERT, WE HAVE A PLACE FOR YOU. POSITION OVERVIEW You will perform large-scale simulations of electrical transmission systems for clients such as power producers, independent system operators, and transmission providers to develop solutions for safe and reliable, state of the art power system operations. RESPONSIBILITIES Job responsibilities will include the application of power systems planning principles, simulation and analysis of power system steady state and dynamic behavior, development of mathematical models for reliability assessment of electrical networks, and delivery of on-site technical consulting/training services. What can you expect your average day to be like? Work on small to medium-sized, semi-complex, dynamic consulting projects. Analyze customer's business requirements and application objectives and develop and apply methodologies to meet customer's needs. Conduct periodic status checks with management to report progress against plan. Also, anticipate and report potential problems in the project execution. Support development of project plan incorporating all project variables. Produce draft reports and presentations with study results for the review of supervisors. May participate in pre-sales support as needed. Manage client engagements and proposal generation functions to deliver consulting services, as per quality standards REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS, EDUCATION, AND EXPERIENCE What you will need to know and have done to be successful? Bachelor's degree in Electrical Power Systems Engineering with practical experience in using advanced power system analysis tools. 3+ years experience including engineering internships. Advanced knowledge of transmission system planning or operations with experience analyzing power flow, transient stability, and electromagnetic transients. Highly developed interpersonal skills and ability to present findings clearly via written reports and in-person presentations PREFERRED You'll move to the front of the pack if you have: Programming skills Experience in other related fields, such as distribution, market analysis, etc. Knowledge of PSS/E, PSS®SINCAL or PSLF At Siemens, we live and cultivate an ownership culture, in which every employee takes personal responsibility for our company’s success. We utilize lean principles to continually improve our processes and customers’ experience. We trust and empower our leaders to act as owners, self-direct their teams and innovate to succeed. We invest in you, offering a wide variety of internal and external development opportunities. As a global leader, with Siemens you'll have the opportunity to travel the world. Can you see yourself learning, growing, and succeeding in this exciting position? If so, we'd like to meet you. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. LI-BJ1