Recruit ‘best-fit’ candidates for key roles in both business and technical functions. Manage a set of open reqs, working creatively to screen candidates, identify finalists and successfully close offers (full life-cycle recruiting). Mandatory should have proven track record of finding top notch technical talent with Big Data, Data and Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing skills along with past experience hiring for life science/pharma organizations. Recruit ‘best-fit’ candidates for key roles in both business and technical functions. Manage a set of open reqs, working creatively to screen candidates, identify finalists and successfully close offers (full life-cycle recruiting) Work closely with hiring managers to ensure a responsive recruiting and hiring process that builds Saama’s brand as a great place to build a career. Define the career and organization value proposition to candidates in a compelling way. Understand and articulate business and technology roles using carefully crafted messaging to engage and qualify potential talent. Build relationships with candidates to create a pipeline of talent for key skills and future needs. Identify effective recruiting sources for Big Data expertise, Data Science and other strategic skill sets; build pipelines of talent. Accurately assess candidate fit through a thoughtful, effective interview methodology. Propose and implement ongoing innovations and improvements to recruiting process including using leading-edge methods to attract diverse talent. Participate in University Recruiting, representing Saama at campus events. Maintain a high level of professionalism and confidentiality at all times..… Impact on the business: At Saama, our business is delivering solutions with world-class talent and services with lowest bench cost and most consultant satisfaction key relationships: With all internal department heads Onsite and Offshore teams (in Pune, India) Vendor Relationships COMPETENCIES: Accountability: consistent track record of successfully meeting and exceeding expectations. Communication & Influence skills. Able to communicate effectively and credibly with executive management. Effective in both written and spoken communication Negotiation. Able to negotiate with right resources, scope and timing of the tasks. Perseverance. Stays the course despite challenges & setbacks. Credible: builds trust and maintains it over time. Thrives in fast paced, high pressure environment. Results-oriented and a self-starter who enjoys a challenge, gets things done and needs minimal support and direction. Highly effective judgment and interpersonal skills. Leadership: Strong leadership qualities with the ability to coach, develop and motivate a team Excited by change; adjusts well to dynamic expectations and timelines. Able to independently root out problems and develop solutions Integrity: Delivers on commitments; practices the highest ethical standards Innovation: Willing to think ‘outside the box’ to define and implement processes. Collaboration: Working well with others to achieve shared goals. LI-AG1