Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations is the team behind the cloud. MCIO is responsible for delivering over 200 Microsoft web portals, Live and Online Services around the world including infrastructure, security and compliance, operations, globalization, and manageability. Our focus is on smart growth, high efficiency, and delivering a trusted experience to customers and partners worldwide. We are looking for a passionate, high energy individual to help build the network that powers the world’s largest online services. This position contributes to the network strategy and planning team for Microsoft's online services infrastructure. MCIO GIS acquires, maintains, analyzes, and provides access to rich data relating to the physical infrastructure that powers the Microsoft Cloud. We maintain vast collections of Infrastructure information including an authoritative source of truth for Microsoft's physical network assets as well as global network, energy, risk, and economic data. This role requires dynamic personalities who can work successfully in a diverse environment. Responsibilities Manage and automate management of a wide variety of worldwide geospatial datasets Develop spatial analytical models for networking, datacenter, and energy related projects Perform accurate and timely analyses to guide infrastructure decision making. Collaborate with internal groups to develop geospatial solutions for discreet problem sets that can then be integrated into our broader intelligence platform. Qualifications MS or BS degree (In lieu of degree, 10 years relevant work experience). 5-8 years of experience in GIS systems Preferred Skills & Qualifications: Operational Experience - You should be comfortable juggling multiple requests from our various teams at once, and not be afraid to stretch the limits of a traditional "GIS" role. Scripting/Programming - You must be able to write scripts and basic programs using common languages such as python, C, javascript. Automation should be the first thing you think of after solving a problem for the first time. Analytics - Knowledge of statistics and data manipulation is required, as well an understanding of SQL and basic database structure. Statistical analysis, machine learning and data-modeling in a database environment a plus. Cartography - You must be able to balance design and data to produce beautiful map products that are as informative as they are attractive. Technology - Strong background in major commercial GIS platforms as well as open source GIS software such as QGIS, GDAL, Leaflet, etc. Familiarity and ability to implement models and tools through the use of high-level modeling languages (e.g. Tensorflow, AMPL, R, Matlab). Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.