Back End Developer s \- Cloud Remote possible Who is Affinity? Affinity is a privately held national Solutions Consulting firm based out of Milwaukee. We serve as strategic advisors and thought leaders to our high- caliber clients. Our clients and employees value our approach as a company “big enough to do complex, high impact work, but small enough to truly care”. We focus on hiring motivated, intelligent professionals who have a passion for their work and a desire to grow along with us. Visit our website to learn more about us and all the exciting things we are doing here at Affinity: www.affinityit.com. What will you do in this role? Affinity is seeking to ramp up a team of experienced cloud developers who are eager to join a highly collaborative team and advance their career in cloud application development. This team is responsible for the design and development of innovative cloud-based applications supporting an enterprise Identify Management system. The Cloud Services and developers will be expected to develop features for a cloud-based Software As A Service (SaaS) and Platform As A Service (PaaS), applications. We are creating a team of bright, energetic, talented people who share a passion for excellence in building the next generation of networking technologies and having fun along the way. Requirements: 3+ years of experience operating within an operating within a CI/CD development environment Experience using CI/CD tools such as Chef, Git and, Jenkins Experience building applications within ANY cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, Google, Private cloud, etc. Significant development experience with REST APIs and secure data exchange Development experience with JavaScript frameworks Broad range of skill in programming/scripting languages (examples include JavaScript, Python, Go, Ruby, C/C++/C, Java, Perl, Bash, PowerShell) Experience with secure coding principles and remediation of vulnerabilities Knowledge of Identity management and identity federation (SAML, Oauth, SCIM, XACML) Familiarity with secure boot is a plus What we offer: Competitive base salary Full benefits including full medical, dental, 401K, PTO and holiday, disability, life, etc A culture of collaboration Challenging work Contemporary and emerging technologies The opportunity for high-impact work Respected partners Entrepreneurial spirit Collaborative performance reviews and career planning Personalized training and career development Opportunities for advancement Apply here or contact our fulfillment team directly! JANE KNAUS Fulfillment Leader Direct: 310.316.3737 jknaus@affinityit.com www.affinityit.com Make sure to follow us on our LinkedIn company page for new job postings. https://www.linkedin.com/company/265359/