About Blue Cross At Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota, we are developing industry-leading strategies every day that make a healthy difference in people’s lives. Blue Cross has a legacy of improving health through innovation because we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to live the healthiest life possible. Chartered in 1933 as the state’s first health plan, we’ve been serving the health care needs of Minnesotans for more than 80 years. Blue Cross supports you with competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package. Many Employee Resource Groups are active in the company, promoting inclusion and helping us meet the diverse needs of our workforce and our members. Join us, and enjoy a work environment where all employees are respected and valued — a workplace honored with a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index for 2017. Find your place at a company that cares. Description Summary This position creates and delivers business intelligence solutions which promote present meaningful and actionable information to stakeholders. In this capacity ,this individual will maintain the organizations current and new report suite offerings develop new reports, analytical models, and dashboards. The position both works independently and guides teams from conceptual development to program implementation. Accountabilities Partner with operations management and key business partners to define, create, identify trends and generate reporting to be used to accurately monitor, measure, and analyze business performance and key metrics. Act as SME on special projects and initiatives. Role will vary depending on project but could include project lead, SME, or contributor. Develop functional and visual prototypes with operations management to define requirements. Design, develop and test system business intelligence solution components. Mentor business user in business intelligence report navigation, interactions and usage. Identify enhancements and updates as needed to keep reporting current and relevant. Requirements Bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience developing and implementing reporting solutions or 9 years of related experience in lieu of degree. 3 years of experience with business intelligence tools. 3 years of experience with relational databases database design fundamentals, preferably SQL Server. Experience with client tools such as Information Map Studio and Web Report Studio to create metadata information maps and web reports as needed. Experience with SAS Enterprise Business Intelligence Suite of Tools. Demonstrated ability to present complex technical information to non-technical audiences and executives. Experience identifying KPIs with customers and leveraging to build out dashboards utilizing KPIs and other supporting analytic views. Demonstrated ability to managing deadlines and workload, and multiple complex projects. Attention to detail. Genuinely team and customer focused. Strong analytic and problem-solving skills. Demonstrated ability to design, evaluate and interpret complex data solutions based upon technical, business and industry knowledge. Demonstrated oral/written communication and presentation skills to effectively communicate business and complex technical information to non-technical audiences. Demonstrated ability to influence, motivate and lead individuals and teams/units in analytical software development solutions. Preferred Requirements Experience with the SAS Information Delivery Portal as a means to surface web reports and content to report consumers. Experience with SAS BI Dashboard to create dashboard reports as needed. Experience with OLAP Cube Studio in creating OLAP cubes that can be surfaced in web reports, Enterprise Guide, MS Excel, etc. Experience with Enterprise Guide to perform ad-hoc reporting. Experience with SAS Stored Processes to create reusable code that can be used across reporting environments. Experience with SQL Server SSIS, SSRS, and SSAS. FLSA Status Exempt Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Make a difference Thank you for your interest in Blue Cross. Be part of a company that lets you be you — and make a healthy difference in people’s lives every day Blue Cross is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Blue Cross® and Blue Shield® of Minnesota and Blue Plus® are nonprofit independent licensees of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association