The Role Exemplifying passion, innovation, rigorous execution, and all things people- centered at Cityblock, the Head of People will be joining our leadership team at a critical point in the company’s growth. With a laser focus on hiring, engaging and investing in our people, this person will be charged with tying talent strategy to long term business goals and crafting a human capital infrastructure that positions the organization for tremendous growth while scaling up an exceptional culture.. The Head of People will be leading all people-related functions of Cityblock, including talent acquisition, employee engagement, learning and development, people operations, compensation and benefits, and employer brand. Success will be measured through a highly engaged and activated Cityblock team, deeply cemented cultural values, and scaled development, training, and operations. You’ll drive a thoughtful talent recruitment and retention plan across the country, leading the company through a period of significant growth. You will ensure our diverse and inclusive team continues to reflect the diversity of the communities we serve at every level and across every function. And you will be a thought partner to the executive team as well as a recognized and impactful operations leader throughout the company, acting as the catalyst for weaving both explicit and implicit culture formation throughout all people related systems. You will: Lead and grow the entire People function, consisting of talent, people operations, engagement, org design, L&D;, and comp and benefits functions. Build team-level capabilities around traditional HR processes and organizational employment policies that enable successful operations Ensure that Cityblock’s mission and culture serves as the foundation for all People systems and infrastructure Ensure that Cityblock delivers on its promise of being the trend-setter of ensuring diversity, equity, and inclusion among high-growth start-ups. Talent Acquisition: Build a best-in-class team Design the ongoing talent strategy and employer brand that consistently attracts top talent across diverse roles and geographies. Implement a flexible and rapidly scalable infrastructure that can ramp up and down to support high growth. Manage recruiting operations on behalf of Cityblock using approaches that reinforce our mission, culture and diversity goals. People Operations: Drive systems to effectively build and scale the People Operations function, designing these capabilities with holistic services, training, and support in mind Employee Engagement: Own end-to-end employee engagement in close partnership with the CEO and COO. Translate Cityblock’s mission and culture into tangible processes to support employee engagement and strategic efficiency from a people perspective, and build scalable infrastructure to ensure a high-performance operating model that evangelizes a constructive “culture of feedback.” Ensure each team member feels heard, valued, and appreciated with clear structure, tools and process for 360 degree communication. Ensure that the Cityblock culture and mission translates to each and every Cityblock entity and market. You are responsible for building and facilitating the culture-building process in our headquarters, and in each Neighborhood Hub. Performance Management Capability: Serve as the executive owner for Cityblock’s internal performance management strategy, processes, and tools. Expand and evolve Cityblock’s performance management program, rooted in mechanisms that given timely, relevant and constructive feedback across all levels of the organization Continuously evolve and reinforce Cityblock’s performance management capability to meet future needs as the organization rapidly grows. Organizational Design: Partner with executive leaders to purposefully create structure and ensure org-wide people clarity, including maturing and formalizing positions, driving management structures to ensure measurable operational accountability, and ongoing iterations of organizational design. L&D; and Advancement: Build learning and development programming for all types and employees across the organization Build end-to-end human capital growth strategy, including training, advancement, and ongoing professional development functions Build best-in-class onboarding programs Develop the middle layer of management: elevating employees who have proven themselves as key players and empowering them to support future growth Comp and Benefits: Continue building thoughtful total compensation strategy for all employees; ensure that the compensation strategy promotes equality and is fiercely aligned with market and mission You’d be a good fit if: You have 10+ years of People/HR/Talent work experience OR you have strong general management capabilities with a demonstrated inclination towards growing and tuning high caliber teams. You have off-the-charts EQ. You can manage the inevitable ups and downs of both company-wide cycles, and person-level performance trajectories, serving both as a trusted resource, recourse, and voice in any process. And you know when someone just needs to talk, even outside a formal process. You have experience in multi-site services organizations; healthcare specific experience preferred You have a track record of success operating a highly complex business through a period of rapid scale and/or extreme transformation You have proven success in a startup environment: rigorous, energetic, agile, and flexible. And you enjoyed it...tough times and all. You have experience leading an organization with both exempt and non-exempt employees; demonstrated ability to develop and scale a bifurcated workforce You demonstrate strong capabilities in giving candid feedback, and promoting open communication and flexibility in an often ambiguous, extremely high growth environment You are an exceptional leader; you possess strong communication skills; have a natural ability to identify and resolve employee relations issues, and work to continually improve internal team dynamics. You have charisma and an executive-level presence with the ability to establish strong relationships at all levels of the organization; exceptionally skilled at influencing key decision-makers You’re deeply compelled to build a exceptional, progressive people function, and have the communication skills to convey your vision both to current employees and prospective talent. Nice to have: People leadership role in high-growth healthcare or tech-enabled services start-up. You’ve done A- >Z, been the first people person in a start-up and have gone on to build a huge team. Experience in deploying a modern People technology stack. Deep skills in learning and development, including formalized curriculum development. Have worked in a modern, blue-chip technology company with a highly respected people and culture capability (e.g., Apple, Facebook, Google, Netflix, Stripe, or Twitter) in a people or business operations role. You should include these in your application: A resume and/or LinkedIn profile. A 1-2 paragraph summary of what a high-performing people function in an organization like Cityblock looks like to you. A 1-2 paragraph response indicating why this job is compelling to you and your proposed approach to achieve a high-performing people function.