Job Summary: Awesome Job: Manager, Strategy & Analytics Great Location: Hollywood, CA Who we are. We’re fans who help fans everywhere get in to the live events they love. A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favorite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think _that’s_ pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you. Why you should work with us. Our biggest investment is in our people. We offer comprehensive health benefits and 401k matching, student loan assistance, plus career-boosting opportunities like tuition reimbursement and targeted development sessions to help all eligible employees thrive. At Ticketmaster, expect the fast-paced excitement of a startup with the rock-solid support from an industry leader – with plenty of ticket perks on the side. See what it’s like working at Ticketmaster. The role: The Manager is responsible for supporting the work of the Strategy team, driven by Ticketmaster’s COO and President. The team is responsible for driving the long term growth strategy of the business. The role involves assessing high impact initiatives that contribute to strategic objectives and putting in place measures to help implement such initiatives. The individual must be highly analytical, can view the business from a number of different levels, can interact effectively with all levels of management including C-level executives within the organization, and work with stakeholders to identify and implement new opportunities to grow the business. The individual will distill data and key metrics into insights that will help shape the future of the company. In short – this role is responsible for interpreting our data and figuring out what’s going on so that we can do something about it. What we are looking for \- a passionate, ambitious professional who is a: Business Driver: The team you will be a part of is in charge of driving the business forward, delivering incremental revenue and profit Analytics Expert: An experienced strategist will have the critical ability to turn insights into business building ideas. They will help us create value for Ticketmaster and also for content owners, fans, and resellers. Persuasive Story Teller: You will be working on analytics that will be presented to Ticketmaster leaders across all functions and to third parties (leagues/teams/resellers). Translating and simplifying the data into true insights that will drive business strategy and change third party behavior is essential. Sprinter and Marathon Runner: We are lean and move fast, months of contemplation aren’t a luxury we can afford. But we aim to build long-term, sustainable approaches to limit rework and obsolescence. Cross functional team player: We value transparency and helping one another. It’s how we roll. There is no “me” culture. Communication across the entire team will lead to greater individual success. Strategic thinker: The Strategy team is responsible for identifying, analyzing and communicating long term opportunities. You’ll need to be able to think big! What the job is: Assist in all aspects of strategy and analytics including but not limited to new opportunity identification, modeling/sensitivity analysis to support strategic options, market sizing, competitive intelligence, and KPI development Conduct hands on modeling/advanced analytics retrieving, compiling, and analyzing large volumes of data from disparate databases into distilled, actionable information needed by senior leadership to answer critical questions Support cross functional initiatives to drive actions as a result of business insights (the expectation is that you can not only analyze data, but also effectively communicate the underlying story and help see your recommendations through to execution) Determine viability of new business opportunities through rigorous quantitative analysis (new products, partnerships, joint ventures, etc.) Develop recommendations and clearly communicate results of analysis to senior management Collaborate with internal / external customers to develop initiatives that drive growth Perform internal, ad hoc analysis of key strategic initiatives across multiple departments (e.g. marketing deals, partnerships, etc.) Assist with company-wide reporting to senior executives and Corporate headquarters both on an ad hoc and regular basis (including quarterly business reviews, Board meetings, and annual budgeting/strategic planning process) Manage multiple initiatives at once and prioritize based on business needs and urgency What a qualified candidate should possess: Bachelor’s Degree in business or engineering or similar quantitative field; MBA a plus 3+ years of work experience, preferably in a top-tier strategy consulting or investment bank; ecommerce/entertainment industry experience also preferred Strong problem solving and issue resolution skills Skilled in Excel and comfort with large data sets and modeling Strong PowerPoint skills, given the variety of audiences needed to influence Outstanding communication, attention to detail and organizational skills Assertive yet professional demeanor, persistence and willing to lead the way Desire to help create a fun and productive culture, leveraging Ticketmaster’s focus on sports and music, and mentor other team members Extraordinary team player and ability to thrive in a fast paced, high growth, entrepreneurial environment where quality, innovation, speed of decision making and execution are critical to organizational success Equal Employment Opportunity Ticketmaster strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), family and medical care leave or the denial of family and medical care leave, mental or physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, political affiliation, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship, race, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, and gender expression, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, rule, ordinance or regulation. We will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, for applicants in Los Angeles, California, and consistent with applicable laws in other areas. Hiring Practices The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Ticketmaster recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Ticketmaster may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms.