Merakey is currently seeking a Manager Data Warehouse and Data Analytics to join our Merakey IT division in our Blue Bell, PA location. ABOUT MERAKEY Merakey is a leading developmental, behavioral health and education provider offering a breadth of integrated services to individuals and communities across the country. We leverage our size and expertise to develop innovative solutions and new models of care to meet the needs of individuals, their families, public and private healthcare funders and community partner organizations. We recognize that complex needs require a holistic approach. With our experience, expertise and compassion, we empower everyone within our communities to reach their fullest potential. With a rich tradition spanning 50 years with nearly 10,000 employees, Merakey, formerly NHS, provides care to over 40,000 adults and children throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Maryland, Delaware, Louisiana, Michigan and Tennessee. WHAT MERAKEY HAS TO OFFER The stability that comes with working for a national leader providing education and human services to individuals with special needs Highly competitive compensation plans Career advancement opportunities in a rapidly growing company Flexible scheduling Benefits for all employees including marketplace savings program (discounts on cell phone plans, shopping, travel and more); Wellness programs (including discounted gym memberships, mail order prescription plans); legal and financial services; 24-hour nurse hotline; life/disability coverage; and Employee Assistance Program Benefits for qualifying employees including medical, dental & vision coverage; flexible spending account; 403B retirement plan with company contribution Generous PTO plans including vacation, sick, and holiday pay for qualifying employees POSITION DETAILS The Manager Data Warehouse and Data Analytics is responsible for the technical design and implementation of the Merakey's reporting, data warehouse and business intelligence platforms. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following. Own data warehouse strategy and architecture that results in high availability quality data that satisfies requirements and priorities to achieve business goals. Build a data warehouse from the ground up. Ensures data integrity and consistency across multiple applications. Process and analyze data sources for insight and develop logic for joining disparate data sources; leverage SQL to join data sources. Lead organizational talent by creating a learning environment that ensures employees realize their highest potential. Shares knowledge and develop staff capabilities to strengthen understanding of IT and business. Execute projects and operational needs on a timely basis with a sense of urgency. Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of value-based approaches and fee-for-service. Excellent customer service and high-level problem solving and interpersonal skills. Operates as the go-to for data and integration services, warehousing and reporting specific. Automate processes for clinical and operational data, establish facts and dimensions. Help drive the initiative to replace the organization's current reporting environment, with Power BI. Work with key internal data teams to understand and influence inputs to serve more optimal reporting and model outputs. Manage data discovery; lead data discovery sessions with clients to include operational, technical, and business stakeholders. Lead process and systems scoping, identifying user applications and data repositories. Manage all data documentation efforts including requirements and validation to meet performance targets. Identify inputs and develop intelligence algorithms. Maintain custom and adhoc reporting. Seek to understand. Work with end users and clinical staff gain an intimate understanding of the user community and their requests. Develop strong relationships with business and IT operational leadership to align internal and external demands, priorities and processes. Consistently exhibits behavior and communication skills that demonstrate Merakey's commitment to superior customer service, including quality, care and concern with each and every internal and external customer. APPLY TODAY Requisition Number: 36117 Merakey is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer! ind2018 BS, Computer Science required, Computer Science Master's degree preferred. Proven track record as a manager of a data warehouse 10+ years' experience. Accomplished in MDM (master data management) disparate system integration and database normalization utilizing SSAS. Ability to implement master data management program and sustain the metadata by establishing workflows and or applications to manage master data across varying lines of business. Experienced in working with enterprise data integration software platforms such as informatica on premises and informatica cloud. Extremely proficient in ETL processes and accomplished working with SaaS, PaaS, IaaS integrations. Experience working with data serialization JSON, REST, SOAP, WSDL, XML Proficient in cloud-based infrastructure integrated with on premises solutions. Proven experience with the design, development, implementation, and support of a data warehouse and reporting solutions, extremely proficient with Microsoft SQL and Power BI. Excellent in delivering OLAP cube construction for user analysis and data mining. Experience working with NOSQL and or cache databases. Ability to construct a MS SQL database using cache as a source. Working knowledge and experience using data integration tools such as Informatica or other. Extremely proficient in data warehousing best practices. Demonstrate understanding of clinical, financial and operational processes as well as the information needs of a health care organization. Knowledge of health care specific metrics and measures inclusive of pricing, utilization, population management. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled