Engineer - Data Integration Team - 339202 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! The Nordstrom Data Integration team has a two-fold mission to provide high quality ETL services utilizing Informatica PowerCenter and to build more modern data integration services utilizing open source technologies and Big Data Solutions deployed in the cloud. These new services will leverage cutting edge open source and big data technology stack to provide more flexible real- time streaming solutions on Amazon Web Services with less vendor lock-in. As the Engineer on the team, you will be driving the continuous improvement of the current production environment while designing and building out the future state. You are the thought leader in modernizing data integration and how it can be deployed. A day in the life... This position requires a self-starter with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks in a deadline-driven environment. Every day is different. Never boring. Continuous planning and delivery, and the range of services we cover, requires a fast, curious, and optimistic learner. Bring your track shoes, because you'll hit the ground running. Design and implement modernized ETL platform and data processing solutions through modernized cloud based solutions (S3, Redshift, etc) and deprecate legacy on-premise solutions (Oracle, etc). Engage in service capacity planning, software upgrades, performance analysis and system tuning. Ensure effective execution of continuous process improvement to automate everything and reduce Technology debt. Provide technical guidance and influence people resources and processes in pursuit of the division’s goals and objectives. Other related duties as needed by the organization. You own this if you… Experience with designing, building, and maintaining an efficient, extensible, and scalable data infrastructure(s) for processing high-volume and high-velocity data. Experience in data pipelining and data warehousing. Computer Science or related degree. Experience with large scale enterprise systems. Experience with Cloud Computing Platforms (e.g AWS, Azure) is a plus. Experience with Open Source Big Data technologies is a major plus. Strong experience in operations excellence (health monitoring, operational metrics). Demonstrated ability and drive to learn new technologies, tools, and processes. Experience with ETL tools and Informatica PowerCenter a plus. Strong written and verbal communication skills. 5+ years of relevant work experience. 2+ years leading teams preferable. Experience working in an Agile and DevOps environment. We’ve got you covered... We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. LI-JH2 Job : Technology Date Posted : 05/21/2018, 5:01:30 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle United States-Washington-Seattle