At Workiva we create best-in-class, next-generation collaborative solutions for enterprise productivity. We pride ourselves on bringing the consumer level user experience to business users. We love our customers, and they love us back. We hire smart, talented people with a wide range of skills who are hungry to tackle some of today’s most challenging problems. Workiva’s core product, Wdesk, is being used by thousands of companies globally, including 70% of the 500 largest U.S. corporations by total revenue. We boast a 96% customer satisfaction rating. Workiva is looking for a Software Engineer to join its Services Platform team. This team is small, agile, highly-collaborative, and data driven - focused on unlocking efficiency within the Global Client Services organization through the application of advanced technology. We have a wide set of skills including process optimization, data analysis, and engineering, across a diverse mix of domains. We interface with customers, partners, and internal teams to identify complex productivity challenges and implement solutions within and around the Wdesk Platform. This position offers a unique opportunity to fill an engineering role that has visibility into all facets of the organization including R&D;, Sales, Accounting & Finance, Consulting, and Customer Success. What You’ll Be Doing: Collaborate with stakeholders and engineering to empathise, define, ideate, prototype, and implement solutions to solve complex productivity challenges Work on any part of the stack - from very rich, complex H5 applications, to highly scalable distributed systems Implement cutting-edge services and techniques, including Machine Learning Set and drive team and organization OKRs to achieve success Develop products using agile development process Research and implement technology solutions for reliable, scalable, high-performing services What We’re Looking For: A team player to be a part of an inspiring team environment with an open communication culture Strong experience across relevant technologies including C, ASP.Net, Java, Go Knowledge of AWS, Docker, and CI/CD pipelines Experience as a full stack engineer Working knowledge of source control systems including Git Knowledge of object-oriented software design, development, and architectural principles Innate desire to collaborate with strong communication skills and genuine curiosity Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field preferred 2+ years of experience in software development Desire to innovate and be creative Drive for continuous self improvement and learning Bonus Points: Experience with Machine Learning in a production setting Experience with ETL (extract, transform, load) in a production setting Where You’ll Work: We're a fun, smart group that likes to celebrate our successes! We have been honored with numerous awards such as ‘2017 Most Innovative Company of the Year’ and ‘One of the Best Places to Work in IT’. Check out our Muse Page: https://www.themuse.com/profiles/workiva Check out our Tech Blog: https://techblog.workiva.com/