Cyber Security Business Analyst (Agile) About Symantec: Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC) is the global leader in cyber security. Operating one of the world’s largest cyber intelligence networks, we see more threats, and protect more customers from the next generation of attacks. We help companies, governments and individuals secure their most important data wherever it lives About GSO: The Global Security Office (GSO) defend, protect and secure Symantec’s products, people and places. We are comprised of six primary areas, Offensive and Defensive security, Security Architecture and Strategy, Physical Security and Safety, Governance, Risk and Compliance, Delivery Excellence, Software Security, and Trust and Safety Outreach. We aspire to deliver transformative security solutions, provide enterprise security and risk expertise and always keep Symantec safe. Job Description We are currently seeking an experienced Security Business Analyst to join our Global Security Office team, with excellent Agile background. This person will need broad exposure to multiple security technologies to assemble the right solution to challenging problems. Integration projects are complex and involve collaboration from multiple teams, with focus on quality, innovation, speed to market and teamwork. You will work closely with the team to assist in the management of the workloads, prioritization and project management of solutions being delivered. As well, working closely with the developers and configuration specialists in the team to brief them on requirements, monitoring progress and undertaking testing activities. Your primary role in the team will be taking end to end ownership of the requirements eliciting these from the Product (Business) Owner and other identified stake holders, starting with stakeholder level requirements building them out, undertaking testing to ensure delivery of the agreed requirements into production. Key responsibilities Will lead requirements gathering and management through workshop facilitation, product backlog grooming and continuous feedback loops with the internal teams. Demonstrable experience in ITIL and NIST frameworks Lead requirements gathering activities, ensuring all parties agree on the plan to deliver the minimal viable solution and subsequent releases. Assist in regular grooming of the backlog to ensure appropriate level of detail is captured at the right time. Agile – Assist in the planning and facilitation of the various Agile meetings and artifacts, including sprint planning, reviews & retrospectives, daily stand-ups & planning poke Development of user stories related to the project, with the aim of driving these through to relevant test scripts and management of delivery of the requirements through to production. Working with key stakeholders including the Product (Business) Owner to identify the solutions that meet their needs Advising stakeholders including the Product (Business) Owner on options, risks, and aligning of priorities Defining user stories and acceptance criteria Functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straightforward solutions and ability to present recommended solutions to all levels of the organization Obtaining stakeholder sign off Assist in team management – Assist in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments, helping removing roadblocks to their work; leveraging organizational resources to improve capacity for project work; and mentoring and developing other team members Requirements: Bachelor degree or equivalent work experience. Proven Business Analysis skills, with 5 to 7 years’ experience Minimum of 5 years experience working in Cyber Security Experience in development lifecycle under the agile umbrella Either certified scrum master and or product owner Certified PMI Professional Business Analysis (PMI-PBA) or Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) or equivilant Preferred Skills & Experience: Able to demonstrate ability to undertake the above responsibilities Upstanding of project management in both Agile and DevOps Strong facilitation skills Proven technical writing skills Outstanding communication, interpersonal and team working skills Excellent organizational skills Experience of user acceptance testing of security controls Commitment to ongoing personal development and willingness to learn new skills Resilient and able to cope with conflicting demands Excellent Time Management Able to demonstrate initiative and a proactive approach Methodical, accurate and consistent attention to detail Flexible attitude Able to manage sensitive and sometimes confidential information Able to build good relationships at all levels, internally and externally