Performs highly advanced and/or managerial (senior-level) data analysis and architecture work providing direction and guidance in strategic operations and planning. Works under the direction of the Executive Director and Chief of Staff and supports and assists in the overall administration of the agency, maintaining continuity of operations, executing existing programs, and implementing new programs. Assesses the relative impact of emerging technology to strategic department needs and interprets their meaning to the executive leadership team. Participates in overall department technology planning, bringing a current knowledge and future vision of technology, systems, and practices. Understands the core information technology (IT) competencies of the department and the value they bring to department processes. Work involves developing policies, standards, designs, and action plans on enterprise-wide information governance, data system integrity and integration, and the use of data for business intelligence and analytics as they relate to strategic planning and assessment. Plans, assigns, and/or supervises the work of others. Works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. May be subject to being on-call and working in excess of 40 hours per work week. Occasional travel may be required. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Directs the design, integration, and staging of data warehouses and data marts. Provides counsel and advice to the executive director regarding agency operations. Defines, updates, and implements IT strategy. Directs the information and data integrity of the enterprise for all IT functions. Reviews and analyzes agency operations to evaluate the performance of the agency and to identify areas of potential program modifications and improvements. Oversees the controls on data quality and integrity, including the deployment of data quality monitoring systems and processes. Oversees the management of master data and metadata management policies, controls, and standards. Defines data elements and reporting standards. Keeps informed of latest trends and developments in information and communication technologies. Directs implementation of the agency’s internal audit recommendations. Participates in public speaking events to convey the agency’s mission and strategic agenda. Identifies emerging methods and technologies related to data/information management and analysis. Applies knowledge of information technology tools in ways that advance the vision of the executive leadership of TJJD. Reviews policies, procedures, and controls for the appropriate protection of enterprise information assets through a defined life cycle. Ensures that appropriate audit controls exist for data that serves as the source material for regulatory reports. Ensures that changes in business practices within operational units maintain data system integration and reporting standards. Ensures that reports derived from enterprise data consistently use business intelligence and analytics for decision making and strategic planning. Plans, assigns, and/or supervises the work of others. Monitors outcomes for racial, ethnic, and gender disparities and takes action to address identified disparities. Performs a variety of related duties not listed, to be determined and assigned as needed. Performs all duties in compliance with agency safety policies and procedures: Reports safety hazards and corrects hazards when possible. Completes required documentation in the event of an accident/injury within requested time frames. Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency attendance and leave policies. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor‘s degree with major course work in IT security, computer information systems, computer science, management information systems, or a closely related field. Four (4) years of full-time wage earning multi-disciplined IT experience with at least two (2) years of management experience in a state agency or corporation is required. Preferred Experience: Experience in enterprise data architecture or information architecture, including working with data management principles and data governance. Relevant certifications. Note: Any degree, diploma, high school equivalent, or course hours required to meet minimum qualifications must be obtained from an accredited educational institution. MILITARY OCCUPATIONAL SPECIALTY (MOS) INFORMATION: Additional Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) Code or Crosswalk information is available from the Texas State Auditor’s Office at Information Technology MOS Codes. KNOWLEDGE,SKILLS AND ABILITIES: 1\. Knowledge of: Master data, metadata, reference data, data warehousing and business intelligence principles and processes, including technical architecture. Enterprise information management processes and methodologies. Local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to data management and data governance. Operational support of networks, operating systems, Internet technologies, databases, and security applications. Broad spectrum IT operations including project management, operational process development and improvement, metrics development, client reporting, general knowledge of IT infrastructure (hardware and system software, networking (storage and performance), helpdesk, and software development. And experience with record-retention, record-keeping systems, and related forms and procedures. 2\. Skill in: Use of a computer and applicable software. IT security. Recruiting, retaining, motivating, and developing a strong IT team. Data center operations and large systems. Integrating disparate systems, databases, etc. Product development and project management accomplishments in a cost responsible environment. Teaming and customer-facing skills that have delivered world-class results and value. 3\. Ability to: Direct and organize program activities. Identify problems, evaluate alternatives, and implement effective solutions. Evaluate, select, and successfully manage outsourcing/consulting partners. Work in a service environment that utilizes technology to enable core department practices and deliverables across multiple division/groups, breaking down silos where necessary. Develop and evaluate policies and procedures. Prepare reports. Communicate effectively. Plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others. Lead the achievement or maintenance of appropriate standards and certifications by the department. Strategic thinking, imagination and foresight to conceptualize new technological solutions and products that address the core department objectives. Add significant value to the existing department team as well as formulating and implementing strategic department decisions. Balance the drive for department efficiency and effectiveness with necessary IT improvements and implementations. Build strong relationships with all department personnel and employees of other agencies to ensure that technology effectively meets the needs of its users. Dissolve silos where they exist. Develop and manage department budgets. Team with, manage, and lead a strong partner/supplier system.