Accounts Payable Clerk Landsberg Orora is seeking an Accounts Payable Clerk. We are on the hunt for a passionate AP Clerk to join our Shared Services team in Tempe, AZ! This position will report to the: Accounts Payable Manager Travel Requirement: No Travel Required FLSA Status : Non-Exempt Landsberg Orora started in 1947, with the philosophy that everything begins and ends with the customer. Today, with locations across North America, Europe and Asia, Landsberg Orora is a market leader in designing custom packaging solutions and supplying a broad range of commodity packaging and stock packaging for our global customers. At Landsberg Orora, we take pride in powering innovations in packaging while ensuring sustainability is fundamental to everything we do. We believe our packaging touches lives and together, we, together as a team, deliver on the promise of what’s inside. From custom packaging design and packaging materials, to prototype development and manufacturing, packaging automation and equipment, kitting and fulfillment, global sourcing, and full-service warehousing and logistics, our packaging consultants develop cutting-edge, innovative solutions that take a product from concept to consumer. It is with this passion and commitment to innovation, we believe in hiring and developing the very best talent by living our core values of Teamwork, Passion, Respect, and Integrity every day. Our vision is to be the industry-leading packaging solutions and displays company. We value Teamwork, Passion, Respect and Integrity. These core values define who we are and how we operate. They shape the way we work with each other, with our customers, and with our communities. Every day, we deliver packaging solutions that exceed our customers’ expectations while solving complex problems as a team. We believe that all team members (irrespective of their role or level), should aspire to distinctive leadership behavior, as we continue to deliver on the promise for our customers, shareholders and each other. Leadership is not tied to a job title, i.e. you don’t need to be accountable for a team to be considered a leader. At Orora leadership is encouraged at every level, within the team. What You’ll be Responsible For in this Role As an AP Clerk, you will be responsible for matching and paying vendor invoices and freight charges to appropriate purchase orders, identifying and correcting errors on vendor invoices and mistakes in billing; processing debit memos by performing the duties as assigned. Process expense reimbursement reports in accordance with the business group accounting policy. Inputs data (invoices) into appropriate A/P systems. Check vendor invoices against purchase orders and other documentation to process. Identify errors or discrepancies in vendor invoices; notify buyer and division of discrepancy. Process intercompany transactions. Process expense invoices once approved. Receive and process direct shipment invoices. Reviews vendor statements and follows up with vendors & buyer on discrepancies and inquiries. Reconciles I/C payments to sheet plants and corrugators to their billing/general ledger (GL). Performs other duties and/or responsibilities by the AP Manager and AP Supervisor. Physical Agility Please refer to the Orora North America Job Analysis Report. Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested. What We’re Looking For Minimum Qualifications: 1-3 years of high volume AP experience working for a large organization High school diploma required Additional Required Qualifications: Ability to process expense reimbursement reports in accordance with business group accounting policy Ability to identify errors or discrepancies in vendor invoices and notify buyer and division of discrepancy Experience reviewing vendor statements and following up with vendors and buyers on discrepancies and inquiries Experience reconciling payments to their billing G/L Effective written and oral communication skills A proven drive to provide outstanding customer service to both internal and external customers Preferred Qualifications: SAP experience is preferred College degree preferred Reasonable Accommodations Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you are interested in applying for employment with Orora and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, or if you believe you do not meet any of the required qualifications of a posted position due to a protected disability and would like to explore the possibility of an accommodation, please contact our Talent Acquisition team at: careers@ororagroup.com for additional support and guidance What We Offer Our rich benefits packages are designed to support the health and well-being of both our eligible co-workers and their families. Medical Dental Vision Group Life and AD&D Voluntary Life and AD&D Group Short-Term Disability Group Long-Term Disability Flexible Spending Accounts Employee Assistance Program Profit Sharing and 401(k) Paid Time Off Equal Employment Opportunity We are an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culturally diverse organization. We strive for inclusiveness and a workplace where mutual respect is paramount. We encourage applications from a diverse pool of candidates, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, or veteran status. We will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities, as need, to assist them in performing essential job functions. Recruitment Agencies: Orora does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Orora is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.