Deep Learning Data Scientist San Francisco Harnham are currently partnering with a market leading business, disrupting their industry and generating substantial impact through the implementation of Deep Learning solutions in their continued growth of a best-in-class Data Science team. Based out of the East Bay, with panoramic views overlooking the Bay, you'll be working with an innovative, AI first, Data Science team backed by one of the largest PE firms in the world. If you're someone who wants to work in a collaborative environment, where you'll see your work go into production and make substantial changes, while directly benefiting from the value that you generate. This is the place for you. YOUR ROLE AS DEEP LEARNING DATA SCIENTIST : Design and implement deployable deep learning solutions that have genuine enterprise level impact. Evaluate and deliver visionary solutions to apply to various business problems, focusing on adding value and AI led automation. Work with non technical stakeholders on the development and execution of product decisions and launches. Identify promising new areas for continued research & development. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: PhD in a quantitative discipline such as: Statistics, Maths, Computer Science or Engineering (Master's degree considered) At least 3 years of experience of working with Deep learning methodologies Extensive experience and understanding of Machine Learning Techniques Experience of working with Hadoop, Pig or Hive Prior exposure to NLP methodologies & toolkits would be a plus World Class communication skills THE BENEFITS: A base salary of between $175,000 - $200,000 as well as a performance related annual bonus and a first of it's kind incentive program with potentially limitless upside. HOW TO APPLY: Please register your interest in this Senior Data Scientist role by sending your résumé via the' Apply' link on this page. KEYWORDS Data Science, Data Scientist, Deep Learning, Tensorflow, Neural Networks, Big Data, R, SQL, Python, Insight, Analytics, Data, Statistics, Modeling, Machine Learning, Algorithms, Bayesian