Serve as primary contact for account administration providing appropriate access to users based on authorize access request forms. Facilitates the coordination of user access to various applications (e.g. user account, Exchange, clinical and business applications, etc.) based upon guidelines. As a security analyst, contribute to the ongoing development and refinement of access policies, role based security and as needed assist with auditing. Provide timely response to requests for access and/or termination of access. Essential Functions Adhere to security procedures when setting up accounts. Work with Security Officer to address requests asking for exceptions. Continuously offer recommendations to improve processes for managing user accounts and the end user computing experience, documenting procedure workflow. In collaboration with the Security Engineer, monitors, analyzes, trends and reports on security compliance related incidents, problems and events. Participate in and support applications testing, training and go-live events including setup of domains. Assist with trouble shooting. Work with Help Desk to coordinate and support user access requests. Complies with all Skagit Regional Health policies and procedures. Perform other duties as assigned by Security Officer or designee. Education Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Computer Science, Information Systems, other related area preferred. Experience/Training Minimum of three (3) years of general systems analysis, account administration or related experience. License/Certification None. Other Qualifications Strong verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to perform the physical requirements and essential functions of the job. Knowledge of systems analysis, computer systems, testing and training. Demonstrated organizational and communications skills (written and oral). Ability to identify and resolve problems or difficulties. Highly motivated and able to take initiative. Ability to interact favorably with people, work effectively as a team member and communicate on interpersonal and technical levels both verbally and in writing.