Do you want to shape the future of enterprise software? At Aera Technology, we apply Internet scale technology to the challenges facing enterprise businesses. Think of the self-driving car: connected, always-on, thinking, and autonomous. Our mission is to enable companies in the same way. As a Data Scientist you will collaborate with our Sales and Customer Success teams to help solve complex, data driven customer problems. Through machine learning and data science, you will help prepare and deliver benefit analysis’ and value propositions to prospective Enterprise Customers. This position can be based anywhere in the US. Responsibilities Act as a Data Science subject matter expert, during pre-sales situations, implementation, and throughout ongoing post-sales activities. Estimate Data Science work effort on assigned engagements, and document project requirements for proposals and statements of work. Coordinate with the Data Science team members (remote, off-hours calls may be needed). Transform business problems into data problems. Research and build statistical/machine-learning models. Perform Exploratory Data Analysis and Statistical Analysis; clearly present the results of analysis to customer and management. Collaborate with other team members to build data-science products and services using the Aera platform. About You B.S. in Engineering. MS in Computer Science or Computational Sciences (Mathematics, Data Science) preferred. 5+ yrs of experience in Statistical Programming Language/Packages (Python and/or R). 5+ yrs of experience in developing and implementing analytical data models. Experience in predictive modeling, recommendation systems, classification and regression models, and time-series models. Expertise in Data Analysis and Data Wrangling; with the ability to work with complex data and convert it into easy-to-understand analysis. Expertise in visualization and presentation. You should be able to clearly communicate your work to different groups using visualization, charts and presentations. Nice to Have Master's degree in Statistics, Operations Research or a related field is preferred. Shell scripting (awk, sed, etc) and Linux experience is a plus. Hands-on experience with SQL is desired. At Aera, we're on a mission to solve the biggest, most intractable challenges of enterprise software. We envision the rise of the Self-Driving Enterprise: a more autonomously functioning business with a central operating system that connects and orchestrates business operations. Our platform is increasingly used by the world's largest companies to identify and respond to market opportunities faster. If you share our passion for building the next generation of enterprise software and implementing it for the most sophisticated customers in the world, you’ve met your match. Headquartered in Mountain View, California, we're growing fast, with teams in Mountain View and San Francisco (California), Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca (Romania), Paris (France), Munich (Germany), London (UK), Pune (India), and Sydney (Australia). So join us, and let’s build this!