Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: The Technical Duty Officer (TDO) is the most senior technical resource in the PayPal Command Center and is responsible for evaluating risk and managing production availability. Job Description: The Technical Duty Officer (TDO) is the most senior technical resource in the PayPal Command Center and is responsible for evaluating risk and managing production availability. During critical availability-impacting incidents, the TDO must quickly assess total technical and business impact, and determine the best recovery plan. TDOs operate across organizational boundaries to protect our customers, their data, and the availability of all PayPal services. TDO is a shift-based position with no regular on-call responsibilities. During a shift, the TDO must maintain total site awareness, detecting metric and service deviations, monitoring and evaluating change, proactively identifying potential issues, and working directly with site reliability engineers to resolve technical incidents before they escalate to business impactful issues. TDOs must be confident and comfortable communicating from the individual- contributor level up through C-level staff during high-stress situations. Roles and Responsibilities Assess service impacts, create recovery plans, and provide step execution approval for backline teams during critical incident restoration activities. Lead the SREs / other teams in the PayPal Command Center and resources outside the command center in investigating the reason for outage of the event and work towards mitigating / resolution. Serve as the final level of escalation for exception handling in the change management process and for emergency changes and maintenance of the PayPal live site. Work in partnership with the Lead SRE to ensure incident details are documented according to critical incident process. Maintain accurate shift-level documentation for ongoing work, site-configuration deltas, and process adjustments on a daily basis. Participate in site status meetings, identify and provide feedback on problems identified within the site as part of proactive investigation or as a result of critical incidents. Participate in change review meetings Identify recurring problems and work with problem management and other stakeholders to drive permanent solution. Build, enhance, recommend new tools and tools improvements for better site monitoring and site management. Develop and maintain technical documentation for use by all of PayPal operations interacting with the live site. Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.