Job Description Responsible for planning, coordinating and managing all Information Technology functions for the City; maintains the City's network infrastructure; installs and upgrades computer hardware, software and components; manages electronic records management system; provides expert technical support and training for users; troubleshoots problems and provides solutions. Typical Duties Essential duties and functions may include the following. Must possess required knowledge skills, abilities and experience and to be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Other related duties may be assigned. Manages the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade and support of all IT systems including telecommunications, servers, PC's, email, operating systems, hardware and software; resolves problems as needed. Evaluates and analyzes network issues; recommends and implements solutions; performs network trouble-shooting to diagnose and resolve system problems. Monitors network environment, access, security, functionality and utilizations?; resolves traffic, security and access issues; installs and configures network hardware, software and components; updates security and technical documentation; tracks and monitors registrations and licenses. Responds to service request; interviews user to collect information about technology problems and technical issues; leads user through diagnostic procedures; defines problems and implements technical solutions to resolve user programs; follows up to ensure functionality. Provides technical support, training and assistance to users; deploys solutions in accordance with departmental standards; creates local user accounts and system access for e-mail and file shares. Manages technology integration projects as assigned; evaluates needs and researches new communication equipment, hardware and software; assures projects meet City standards. Maintains work log of service request, equipment malfunctions, software errors and failures; reports technical problems when necessary. Develops and manages asset management/ inventory for IT hardware, software and equipment. Assist in the development of all IT policies and procedures and standard operating procedures; updates as required. Assist in the research and procurement of IT related supplies and services; ensure compliance with procurement policies. Prepares quarterly reports as required (work orders, projects status, etc.) Analyzes, reports on and makes recommendations for the improvement and growth of the IT infrastructure and IT systems. Works with software vendors to ensure that City's infrastructure is compatible and able to support software, appropriate version of software has been provided and appropriate updates have been delivered, and that performance delivery of software is consistent and/or improved. Education & Experience Minimum Qualifications: Associate Degree in Computer Science or related field with a bachelor's degree preferred, and Two (2) years of experience in information technology, or related field, or Any equivalent education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the position Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Comprehensive knowledge and understanding of technology service methods, policies and procedures. Thorough knowledge of internet security and data privacy principles Knowledge of networked computer system environments. Knowledge in Microsoft Office computer applications and operating systems. Ability to troubleshoot hardware and/or software problems. Ability to assess customer support needs and implement effective solutions. Ability to install, repair and maintain computer software, hardware and peripherals in a multiple operating system environment. Ability to manage network hardware and software including firewalls, VOIP phone systems, mobile phone support, etc. Proficient skills in Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Ability to develop and maintain a positive working relationship with staff, fellow employees, elected officials, supervisors, citizens, business and community groups Ability to provide support Ability to maintain confidentiality when working with sensitive information and to comply with all record retention laws Proficient skills to communicate clearly and concisely in English, both orally and in writing Ability to maintain proficiency and knowledge of current and/or new regulations/legislation within areas of responsibility Ability to create forms using Adobe LiveCycle Designer preferred but not required Supplemental Information License and Certifications: Microsoft Certification - preferred Valid State Driver's License Work Environment/Physical Requirements: The work environment and physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The incumbent works in a typical office environment with little or no exposure to unpleasant environmental conditions or hazards. May require frequent walking, bending, kneeling, stooping, crouching, crawling and climbing. May be required to lift up to 50 pounds Required to work some nights and weekends. Ability to be on call to respond during outages and/or emergency situations.