Job Title: Master Data Engineer Department: I S Knowledge Management Shift: 1st Specialty: Job Number: 2018-1949 Date Posted: 07/30/2018 Position Type: Job Qualifications: Master Data Engineer Position Highlights: Responsible for supporting the Master Data Management (MDM), Enterprise Data Catalogue (EDE), and Data Governance practices at Rush University Medical Center. Administrator for an enterprise software solution for data engineering, including the scanning and inventory of data sources, maintenance of metadata, creation of workflows, and administration of a data quality controls. Working with business units and data stewards to inventory reports and dashboards to manage and govern enterprise metrics/KPIs. Direct reporting relationship to the Knowledge Management Team and work closely with leaders of the Data Governance Steering and Curation Committees to ensure enterprise data needs are met. Position Responsibilities: Gather business/information requirements from data stewards to properly configure workflows, data quality rules, and key performance indicator definitions in third party software tools. Enrich and maintain a holistic MDM and Data Governance model and roadmap for enterprise adoption, ensuring performance, velocity, volume, and operational. Develop and document data models and gather data requirements for various initiatives. Build and maintain data dictionary and / or metadata repositories. Deliver and publish logical and physical data models for a given solution or project initiative. Work with other product team(s) to define data lineage and relationship metrics. Use SQL extensively to research, understand and relate distributed data repositories across enterprise. Develop and maintain data artifacts and act as a liaison between ETL, data integration or BI team(s) to support development of data solutions. Partner effectively with MDM (Master Data Management), BI (Business Intelligence) and other stakeholders (SMEs, Sponsors, Solutions architects, etc.) to design solutions / fill gaps. Ensuring data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data and mitigate any potential risks to data quality. We require a passionate individual who is always learning, who is always looking for a better way, and strives to put their best work forward each and every day. Position Qualifications Include: Bachelor's degree in information science, computer science, business, or 4 years of technical experience. 4 years of experience working within the Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop, and other big data technologies. Understanding of data mining, data structures and related core software engineering concepts. 3 years of experience in Data Governance, or related field. Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills. Demonstrated proficiency writing SQL stored procedures or queries. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy. Effectively adapts to rapid changes in project or data requirements, priorities, and changing directions. Expertise with data and analytics tools. Experience querying and analyzing data with SQL programming language or equivalent tools. Experience with financial /claims data a plus. Informatica Data Governance Suite; Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio; Tableau client; SSIS package development using Visual Studio; PL/SQL Developer; Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 and above; Pragmatic Works (BI Xpress); Common office tools (e.g. Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, e-mail). Familiarity with Big Data tools and languages such as Microsoft Azure, Hadoop, Spark, R, Python. 2 years' development experience with Informatica MDM (any MDM experience). Some experience in the healthcare setting and/or ERP information systems. Expertise with Business Objects Enterprise portfolio, Microsoft Business intelligence tools, Tableau, or Crystal Report. Experience with Epic. Company Highlights: Rush is an academic health system comprising Rush University Medical Center, Rush Copley Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital. Ranked among the top academic medical centers in the country, Rush University Medical Center is an outstanding place to enhance your career. Everything we do centers on one goal: improving patient care. Rush has been named one of the 100 Top Hospitals in the country by Truven Health Analytics three times. In U.S. News & World Report's 2017-2018 Best Hospitals issue, Rush ranked among the top 50 hospitals in 8 of 16 categories. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. Master Data Engineer Position Highlights: Responsible for supporting the Master Data Management (MDM), Enterprise Data Catalogue (EDE), and Data Governance practices at Rush University Medical Center. Administrator for an enterprise software solution for data engineering, including the scanning and inventory of data sources, maintenance of metadata, creation of workflows, and administration of a data quality controls. Working with business units and data stewards to inventory reports and dashboards to manage and govern enterprise metrics/KPIs. Direct reporting relationship to the Knowledge Management Team and work closely with leaders of the Data Governance Steering and Curation Committees to ensure enterprise data needs are met. Position Responsibilities: Gather business/information requirements from data stewards to properly configure workflows, data quality rules, and key performance indicator definitions in third party software tools. Enrich and maintain a holistic MDM and Data Governance model and roadmap for enterprise adoption, ensuring performance, velocity, volume, and operational. Develop and document data models and gather data requirements for various initiatives. Build and maintain data dictionary and / or metadata repositories. Deliver and publish logical and physical data models for a given solution or project initiative. Work with other product team(s) to define data lineage and relationship metrics. Use SQL extensively to research, understand and relate distributed data repositories across enterprise. Develop and maintain data artifacts and act as a liaison between ETL, data integration or BI team(s) to support development of data solutions. Partner effectively with MDM (Master Data Management), BI (Business Intelligence) and other stakeholders (SMEs, Sponsors, Solutions architects, etc.) to design solutions / fill gaps. Ensuring data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data and mitigate any potential risks to data quality. We require a passionate individual who is always learning, who is always looking for a better way, and strives to put their best work forward each and every day. Position Qualifications Include: Bachelor's degree in information science, computer science, business, or 4 years of technical experience. 4 years of experience working within the Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop, and other big data technologies. Understanding of data mining, data structures and related core software engineering concepts. 3 years of experience in Data Governance, or related field. Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills. Demonstrated proficiency writing SQL stored procedures or queries. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy. Effectively adapts to rapid changes in project or data requirements, priorities, and changing directions. Expertise with data and analytics tools. Experience querying and analyzing data with SQL programming language or equivalent tools. Experience with financial /claims data a plus. Informatica Data Governance Suite; Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio; Tableau client; SSIS package development using Visual Studio; PL/SQL Developer; Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 and above; Pragmatic Works (BI Xpress); Common office tools (e.g. Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, e-mail). Familiarity with Big Data tools and languages such as Microsoft Azure, Hadoop, Spark, R, Python. 2 years' development experience with Informatica MDM (any MDM experience). Some experience in the healthcare setting and/or ERP information systems. Expertise with Business Objects Enterprise portfolio, Microsoft Business intelligence tools, Tableau, or Crystal Report. Experience with Epic. Company Highlights: Rush is an academic health system comprising Rush University Medical Center, Rush Copley Medical Center and Rush Oak Park Hospital. Ranked among the top academic medical centers in the country, Rush University Medical Center is an outstanding place to enhance your career. Everything we do centers on one goal: improving patient care. Rush has been named one of the 100 Top Hospitals in the country by Truven Health Analytics three times. In U.S. News & World Report's 2017-2018 Best Hospitals issue, Rush ranked among the top 50 hospitals in 8 of 16 categories. Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.