The goal of Cloud Artificial Intelligence (AI) is to democratize AI by making it easy, fast and useful for customers and partners. We aim to deliver the best AI technology to impact the world via Google Cloud. We're innovating cutting edge Machine Learning (ML) and AI technologies and developing Cloud ML on Google Cloud Platform, in close partnership with a number of teams across the company. Cloud is one place where data, computing and algorithms converge. The go-to-market (GtM) strategy team is focused on deeply understanding the problems customers are trying to solve, matching that up with data and analysis, and leveraging those to help determine both product strategy and market approach. As a Vertical Solutions Strategy Lead, you are are passionate about building great products through data analysis and Google Cloud AI. You enjoy seeing businesses benefitting from machine learning and artificial intelligence. Lastly, you want to help democratize AI via Google Cloud. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Identify opportunities and define GtM strategy for Cloud AI solutions based on data-driven customer, market, product input and analysis. Build projections and market models to size opportunities across product areas and strategies. Help determine areas and levels of product investment to drive future scale for Cloud AI, answering questions such as "Where do we build scaled product offerings?" and "How to leverage partners to build with customers and experiment early with customers?" Operationalize products as they come to market, align all stakeholders and ensure they are informed of strategy. Implement and manage pilots and experiments to gather customer feedback, test and iterate on these efforts. Work across customer facing teams and functions to target best market opportunities and enable sales. Track the success of solutions, iterate on strategy and determine next steps. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Experience operating within cross-functional teams, such as Product, Legal, Finance, Marketing, and etc. Experience identifying partners, assessing strategic opportunities, and developing GtM plans. Preferred qualifications: Background in or familiarity with AI customer and market, cloud offerings, and computing GtM. Experience in a Consulting, GtM, Marketing, Product Development or Product Management Analyst position or a similar strategic role. Ability to perform research on and assist with execution in a fast-paced environment with minimal direction. Strong research, analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills. Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills; communicates project priorities. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.