Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division With over 38 years of semiconductor process control experience, chipmakers around the globe rely on KLA-Tencor to ensure that their fabs ramp next- generation devices to volume production quickly and cost-effectively. Enabling the movement towards advanced chip design, KLA-Tencor's Patterning Solutions Group (PSG) is looking for the best and the brightest research scientist, software engineers, application development engineers, and senior product technology process engineers to join our 5D team. Our 5D patterning process control technologies control the three dimensions of the device structure, while optimizing the process control loops (time) and minimizing the expense (cost) to create the device; hence five dimensional patterning process control (5D). The team's mission is to collaborate with our customers to innovate hardware and software technologies that detect and control process variations—at their source—rather than compensate for them at later stages of the manufacturing process. These patterning process control solutions provide the most accurate process correctables available today; providing real-time feedback and feed- forward control to improve subsequent process steps. Why join 5D? Think of this team as a "start-up" company where you are offered the ultimate challenge to solve the most complex technical problems that enable the digital age. Yet, this "start-up" is backed by the most sophisticated and successful process control company in the semiconductor industry. Responsibilities We are seeking a highly talented individual for an algorithm engineer position in Process Control-Reticle Decision Center (RDC). The successful candidate will join a world-class team of algorithm and software engineers to design advanced polygon and image processing algorithms used in next-generation reticle/wafer inspection tools. One key qualification of the candidate is the ability to invent new ideas, analyze the complex system, and formulate a mathematical solution that is practical for use in production. The candidate is expected to possess good oral and written communications skills to interact with other engineers and applications, locally or internationally, on a daily basis. Preferred Qualifications Strong background in at least one of the following areas: polygon processing (polygon manipulation, Boolean operations), lithography, image processing. Excellent mathematical and analytical skills. Proficient in C/C++ and object oriented programming. Good oral and written communications skills Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize work accordingly Knowledge in optics, computer architecture, or numerical methods Programming experiences in Linux/Unix environments Experiences in Matlab or other algorithm prototyping languages Strong linear system optimization, linear algebra background Experiences in source code control software, C++ code optimization Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Level Degree with at least 5 years of experience OR Master's Level Degree with at least 4 years of experience OR Doctorate (Academic) with at least 2 years of experience Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.