Are you eager to work within a large and complex codebase? Do you get satisfaction from knowing that you did things the right way, even if it’s the harder way? Are you looking for a new challenge that will expand your skills? Does creating and modernizing a SaaS product used to help nonprofits transform lives excite you? If so, keep reading! What You’ll Do Write, test, and maintain awesome code. Delight our clients by creating awesome cloud software. Collaborate with your peers in Product Development. Innovate! Find new and exciting ways to use emerging cloud technologies to improve our products. Learn! Explore new technologies and their applicability to Company products. Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. 1+ year of experience/knowledge creating enterprise level software/reporting systems in an agile/scrum environment. Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Vue. Use/understanding of C and .Net frameworks Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL as well as SQL Query creation and optimization Why We’re Awesome Fun Fact: Lee on the Apricot Dev Team was at one point ranked 5th in world for Street Fighter. At Social Solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Social Solutions’ software (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. What You’ll Get Amazing coworkers 100% employer paid benefits for employees 8 hours per quarter of volunteer time Company sponsored events and happy hours Career advancement opportunities That’s not all, folks! Bachelor’s Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Programming, or equivalent experience. 1+ year of experience/knowledge creating enterprise level software/reporting systems in an agile/scrum environment. Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Vue. Use/understanding of C and .Net frameworks Experience with SQL Queries using MySQL as well as SQL Query creation and optimization