Who we are: We are Questeq and we stand for quality. Our technology teams possess the tools to make a real impact. Working with schools is our niche, making positive cultural changes towards digital transformation is our mission. We bridge the gap between technology and curriculum, which drives innovation in the classroom. Imagine what a school can accomplish where every student has the latest technology and is provided the means for total utilization. That is Questeq. What you will be doing: The Technology Specialist will join our talented team at the Hatboro - Horsham School District located just north of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19044. You will provide support to our customers to ensure effective problem identification and resolution of software and hardware tools which include both desktop and laptop computers, mobile devices and printers used throughout the educational institution. Essential Functions: New computer setup which includes imaging, software installation, hardware upgrades and troubleshooting. Applies desktop updates, and configuration modifications. Conducts problem identification and resolution with a focus on help desk ticket resolution. Develops desktop strategies and configuration alternatives to best meet customer needs. Architects, create, deploy and maintain standard workstation images for desktops and laptops. Architects and implements patch distribution management (desktop). Ensures workstation operation system has the latest security updates (Microsoft and non-Microsoft products), service packs, and manages BIOS & driver maintenance. Understanding Active Directory group policies and maintaining application groups. Proven experience in desktop methodologies and best practices. Ability to interact with customers on the telephone and in person. Provides ongoing hardware and software support for all technologies. Addresses help desk tickets efficiently and in a timely manner. Troubleshoots and resolves technology failures, documenting required changes. Responsible for managing multiple priorities including tickets, projects and other assigned tasks. Keeps current with technology trends and changes related to position. Qualifications Specific Technology Skills/Experience Windows desktop operating systems and MS Office Suite. PC Security Administration/Update experience. Active Directory experience. Mobile device experience. Qualifications & Educational Requirements Associates degree in technically related field preferred. A+, Network+ and Microsoft technical certifications preferred. Experience providing computer and network support. Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Must possess extensive troubleshooting skills. Ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced environment. Excellent interpersonal skills for both internal and external communications.