Job Description The Data Modeller conducts the analysis of the business needs, business processes, IT application portfolio and existing data. He/she is responsible for delivering logical and physical data models. The applicant should have a proven track record of delivering data models at all levels. The additional scope of the roles, includes but not limited to, delivery of definitions, mastership matrix, process mapping to data, data classification and data profiling. Accountabilities: Develop and deliver Data Models and corresponding analysis according to the data architecture standards Deliver data architecture artefacts, such as mastership and utilization matrices, or do data profiling Identify and propose potential data model and data integration changes and improvements, including master data management solutions, data services. Work directly with project staff, business analysts, business representatives, and architects to ensure that the proposed models are fit for purpose and correct Validate solution data model alignment with the Shell Enterprise Data Model The Data Modeller will be working on one or more projects at any time The Data Modeller will be part of a team of data modellers The Data Modeller will work in global/virtual teams across various time zones Country of Work Location United States City, State (if applicable) Houston, TX Work Location Houston Company Description Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemicals companies with over 90,000 employees in more than 70 countries and territories. In the US, we have operated for over a century and are a major oil and gas producer onshore and in the Gulf of Mexico, a recognized innovator in exploration and production technology, and a leading manufacturer and marketer of fuels, natural gas and petrochemicals. We deliver energy responsibly; operate safely with respect to our neighbours and work to minimize our environmental impact. We are in search of remarkable people who will thrive in a diverse and inclusive work environment to deliver exciting projects locally and globally. People who are passionate about exploring new frontiers. Innovators and pioneers. People with the drive to help shape our future. Because remarkable people achieve remarkable things. Requirements Must have legal authorization to work in the US on a full-time basis for anyone other than current employer. Bachelor's degree related to Computer Science, IT Minimum four (4+) years’ experience in a multi-disciplined IT environment with strong expertise in Data Analysis and Modeling. Deliverable-oriented with focus on results. Doer/hands-on attitude. Organized and methodical. Ability to initiate, plan and develop according to plan though coping with a level of uncertainty and risk. Rigorous, thorough and with a taste for detail. Experienced, global, virtual team worker Use of relationship modelling tools i.e. Power Designer, system architect, Erwin Good understanding of 3NF Awareness of enterprise architecture frameworks: i.e. TOGAF Knowledge of technologies involved in data management (data base management systems, data services, etc.) for energy companies. Skill in data modelling methods include conceptual, logical and physical modelling working towards native Cloud and on-premises environments with open-source and other database technologies. No. of Positions 1 Disclaimer Please note: We occasionally amend or withdraw Shell jobs and reserve the right to do so at any time, including prior to the advertised closing date. Before applying, you are advised to read our data protection policy. This policy describes the processing that may be associated with your personal data and informs you that your personal data may be transferred to Royal Dutch/Shell Group companies around the world. The Shell Group and its approved recruitment consultants will never ask you for a fee to process or consider your application for a career with Shell. Anyone who demands such a fee is not an authorised Shell representative and you are strongly advised to refuse any such demand. Shell participates in E-Verify. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws. Shell is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability. Job Expires 24-Aug-2018