All positions with the Stillaguamish Tribe of Indians are Indian Preference in Hiring, in accordance with P.L. 93-638 Position Title : Systems/Network Administrator III Department: IT FLSA Status : Exempt Grade : DOE Reports to : IT Director Position Summary Responsible for managing systems including but not limited to Exchange, Windows Server, SQL Server, VMWare, and Accounting/HR. Network management, including the LAN, WAN, and Internet connectivity including the various network appliances (load balancers, firewalls, VPN, etc.). Responsible for systems design and implementation in a Microsoft enterprise environment. Design, install, and implement virtual environments using best practices in a VMWare environment. Ability to understand, design, develop, and implement advanced scripting in a Microsoft Domain environment. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Troubleshoots problems with and provides advanced support for servers, storage arrays, NAS, SAN, routers, and firewalls. Provides remote support as necessary. Systems design, management and configuration including but not limited to – design and build of offsite backup systems, Lync VoIP topology design and implementation, user account management, Exchange email system management, Kemp load balancers, and Spamtitan email filters. Network administration including routing, switching, access control, and failover in large-scale environment. Assist with supporting server, network and desktop hardware, software and applications in a complex production environment. Mentor junior team members in these skills. Manage firewall design and implementation in a multi-zone environment failover environment. Operates patch management schedule to apply current operating systems and application patches. Plan, implement, and support the network and computing infrastructure plan. Manage large sized projects according to agreed upon budgets and schedules. Engineering and design of replacement systems and network equipment. Supervising, coaching, and mentoring of junior team members. ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS Use Windows, Excel, Word and other relevant computer software. Duties, responsibilities, requirements and expectations pertaining subject to change as needed. Supervisory Responsibilities No supervisory responsibilities. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Expert ability to question, analyze, diagnose and problem solve in a multifaceted production environment. Proven track record of successfully supporting and implementing Microsoft, VMWare, and firewall technologies in an enterprise environment. Expert knowledge of Microsoft technologies including AD, Trusts, Server, SQL, Exchange, SharePoint, DFS, and SMB. Demonstrated knowledge of scripting languages. Advanced knowledge of virtualization in a VMWare and Hyper-V environment. Demonstrated knowledge of Linux/Unix operating systems as they relate to network appliances Expert understanding Cisco IOS in a switch and routed network environment. Demonstrated ability to support network devices, including firewalls, load balancers, switching, printers, and photocopiers. Expert understanding of network protocols and how they relate to transport, firewalls, routing, and ACL implementation. Ability to manage multiple projects, activities and tasks simultaneously. Strong verbal and written communications. Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The worker is frequently subject to inside environmental conditions, which provide protection from weather conditions, but not necessarily from temperature changes, and is subject to outside environmental conditions and to wet and/or humid conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. Position Qualifications Associates degree in computer science, technical certifications in Microsoft Server technologies, Cisco Certifications – OR, 9 years practical experience with related systems. Have worked in and supported production systems in high volume environment. Ability to pass a thorough background check and drug screen. Travel Requirements Local travel is frequently required. Travel outside of the state is infrequently required.