Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site (www.ceres.org). We are seeking dynamic, committed interns who would find it exciting to join the Ceres team! General Internship Information Ceres’ interns support Program, Communications, and Development staff working with a wide variety of constituents within the Ceres network: environmental activists, investors, funders, and corporations. While providing some administrative support, interns will primarily work in one of the following areas using skills in research, project coordination, IT and communications. Detailed descriptions of one specific position can be found below. Each fall internship position requires 10 to 15 hours of work per week. Schedules can be flexible to fit with class and/or work schedules. Ceres compensates interns at a rate of $13.50 hour. Our Fall Internship Program runs from September 2018 through mid-December 2018. Please read details of each position on our website and apply for the specific internship you are interested in. We typically hire 8-10 interns, who are a mix of undergraduate and graduate students. FALL 2018 WATER INTERN DESCRIPTION Ceres is working with companies, investors, water providers, policymakers, environmental organizations and other stakeholders to improve water management and increase reporting on water issues that pose risks to businesses, communities and the environment. The Water Program is seeking a graduate student this fall to help us advance our work on analyzing and addressing water risks related to two pillars: the food and beverage sector and the investment community. While providing some administrative support, this research assistant will primarily work across various topic areas using skills ranging in research, marketing, quantitative analysis and writing (short memos, case studies, data narratives etc.). Program areas of work include: Providing support to the Agriculture and Water Risk initiative, with a focus on the ongoing rollout of Feeding Ourselves Thirsty and the AgWater Challenge. This includes conducting research and analysis on food companies, supporting the team with tracking news flow and pulling examples of risk, building out power points for external presentations, and doing company/investor research on the Bloomberg terminal. Assisting in the rollout of the Investor Water Hub Toolkit, a water-risk integration tool for the mainstream global investment community _._ Topics covered in the Toolkit include systemic risks and materiality of water, investment beliefs and policies, asset class allocation and water-related shareholder engagements. This research assistant will provide specific support with social media efforts related to the Toolkit and will assist with tracking news flow relevant to investors on water. Other general water-related research to support the Water Program, such as a conducting research and analysis of big data and artificial intelligence sources and services as a means to capture ESG data and ESG analysis, and assisting in preliminary research of industry water risk analysis. Desired Background: Knowledge of social media strategies a plus (but not required). Interest and experience in sustainability and responsible investing. For more information, see Ceres’ Water Program: https://www.ceres.org/issues/water How to Apply Review each program internship opportunity carefully at https://www.ceres.org/about-us/career-opportunities/ and apply for the one you feel best fit. If you are interested in applying for this position, please press the ‘Apply for this Position’ button below and submit a resume, cover letter, and two (2) brief writing samples, as well as complete the additional information as instructed. _Ceres is an Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate against any individual based on race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, military or veteran status, disability, or any factors prohibited by applicable law._ Address all correspondence to: Christine Richard