Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Consumer Lending is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers. Our group includes Home Lending, Personal Lending, and Wells Fargo Auto, and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. Our foundation for success can be summarized in three beliefs: Our product is service. Our value added is financial advice and guidance. Our competitive advantage is our people. We've built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed. Our Customer Excellence team focuses on customer feedback and strives for operational excellence in order to strengthen our consumer-centric culture and optimize the customer experience. The Client Success Manager is a strategic partner to our line of business clients, accountable for the successful adoption of enterprise contact center applications and strategic activities to drive value for the line of business and promote solution expansion and sustainability. The CSM works collaboratively with specific lines of business as a single point of contact to uncover opportunities, understand the customer’s expectations and the ultimate potential of our solutions, and develops a strategic execution plan. This role typically wears multiple hats as business analyst, product application / use case expert and educator/advisor. The CSM role is critical to successful solution adoption and to the success of our internal partners. Develops and maintains strong working relationships with key stakeholders, vendors and other resources to design contact center Customer Experience solutions that address customer needs for established objectives, define functional requirements, test and implement the solution that reduces costs and improve customer satisfaction through expert use of reporting and speech analytics. Investigates advanced customer issues, concerns and requests for enhancements, simulates internal customer issues, and contributes to the design processes and solutions for the contact center that address those needs. Recommends contact center business or process improvements; works with various work streams to formulate solutions based on outcomes of reporting and analytics. Analyzes data from contact center projects and reports on performance relative to success metrics Articulates working knowledge of data modelling and consistently takes a practical and fact-based approach to making recommendations Experience working on core contact center SLA’s and drivers Experience in building client and vendor relationships and understanding the Customer Experience objectives Experience working on mid-size projects across functions and exposure managing tactical components of larger projects Experience providing individual expertise to supplement available tools for customer queries Demonstrated advanced ability in a specific area of Customer Experience, in addition to general competency across disciplines Ongoing Point of Contact for multiple lines of business supporting multiple product solutions Work with line of business leaders to provide support & consultation Work with internal teams to take data from multiple sources and correlate and provide recommendations for the LOB’s that you support Provide ongoing training as required Work with internal business analytics teams to enhance reporting capabilities Be a leading edge thinker and suggest new solutions & tools to improve business capabilities Technical Skills: Data Analysis Business Requirements Gathering Ability to Review and Analyze Reports for Trends and Outlier Reporting Understand Key Customer Needs Service Excellence Acumen Business Acumen Innovation and Thought Leadership People Leadership Personal Influence Virtual work option available.. Required Qualifications 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: project management, implementation, or strategic planning 1 + year of speech analytics experience Other Desired Qualifications Speech Analytics, Nexidia, Qualilty Central 4 years of contact center experience (preferably in a variety of contact center types – inbound, outbound, blended, chat/email, back office and sales, etc) Strong knowledge of operations, production support and program implementation Expert Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint Strong influencing skills Can do self-starter attitude Service Excellence oriented Demonstrate tenacity and drive toward value realization Ability to effectively drive results, provide feedback/direction, and manage/build relationships at varying levels of hierarchy Ability to promote value with various stakeholders and business partners English or Bilingual (English & Spanish) Job Expectations This position requires compliance with all mortgage regulatory requirements and Wells Fargo's compliance policies related to these requirements including acceptable background check investigation results. Successful candidates must also meet ongoing regulatory requirements including additional screening and required reporting of certain incidents. Ability to travel up to 30% of the time Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.