Director of Technology Discover why Open Mortgage is the place "Where Better is Possible"?. Location: Austin, TX About Us: In today's market you need to know that we are a financially stable, reliable company who has been in business for over 15 years. Open Mortgage is a Mortgage Banker offering automated tools, cutting-edge technology, and excellent customer service for originating forward and reverse loans. Open Mortgage believes that Better is Possible?. What we Offer: Benefit packages available for full time employees. Fast payouts and weekly payroll with ADP Web-based LOS and integrated CRM platforms. Back-office support, including dedicated accounting, HR, and compliance teams. We have a casual dress policy. We offer stand up desks to promote a healthy work environment. We offer 18 days of PTO a year + 7 paid holidays. Working for Open Mortgage is like being part of one big happy family. We are growing quickly. Come join this amazing team and see why Better is Possible?. At Open Mortgage we believe in offering you the best place to develop and grow. We believe in leveraging technology to allow you to conduct your business and high touch relationship building, because we know how important it is to maintain personal contact with everyone in your network. Job Summary: The Director of Technology establishes a technical vision for the company and guides technological development to fulfill strategic objectives. The Director of Technology leads the company towards new products and systems while also constantly driving the improvement of existing platforms in order to meet current and foreseeable business needs. He/she oversees and directs the IT and engineering departments. Job Duties: Drive delivery of technology solutions and meet service levels Collaborate with business team members on user acceptance testing Oversee technology business plans and budget plans that support both the long-term and short-term objectives of the company Provide input on the strategic direction of technology, directly influencing the business direction for new and existing products and systems as well as upcoming integration efforts with new acquisitions Guide the integration, migration, and development of platforms utilized by the company Constantly drive the improvement of system performance, security, and availability Mentor, develop, and support IT and engineering teams by guiding development standards, providing insights into system architecture, and leading the strategic direction of technology Competencies: Technical Capability Strategic Thinking Leadership Performance Management Project Management Communication Proficiency Supervisory Responsibility: This position manages all employees of the department and is responsible for the performance management and hiring of employees within the department. Work Environment: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets, and fax machines. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands and fingers; handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Minimum Qualifications: 8+ years of experience in software or technology engineering with experience in a variety of technology platforms as well as the integration, migration, and evolution of platforms 5 - 8 years of experience managing a team of developers and technical personnel, including contract developers/outsourced developers Experience with cross-functional leadership and communication Experience working with Windows OS, Mac OSX, and Linux OS environments Familiarity and knowledge of WordPress Strong understanding of Amazon Web Services, web technologies, database design and systems, client/server web frameworks, and template libraries Strong knowledge of the architecture, development, deployment, and maintenance of a client-facing web application Knowledge of Jira, Git, REST services, application deployment/application server a plus Experience in the mortgage industry and loan process a plus _"The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or physical requirements. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions."_