Reviewing files for disciplinary actions, grievances, appeals, Unfair Labor Practices (ULP's). Conducting research, putting case materials together in case files Keeping track of response timelines and deadlines Establishing and maintaining logs, files on disciplinary actions, grievances and appeals, union demands to bargain. Employee assists specialist in administering leave program and keeping track of employee requests for LWOP, FMLA, Military leave and Voluntary Leave. Keeps track of 52's and requests for personnel actions. Assists specialist with preparing educational packages and other briefing materials. Assists specialists with matters relating to employee benefits to include retirement, buyback, health benefits, FEGLI and TSP. Work Schedule: Monday to Friday, 8am to 4:30pm Position Description Title/PD: Human Resources Assistant, PD 18272-0 Physical Requirements: Work is generally sedentary. Work Requires sitting, walking, standing, bending, and or carrying light items. Selective Placement Factor: Background experience working in ER/LR or as a law clerk or paralegal or similar position. To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement. GS-07 grade level: One year of specialized experience (equivalent to the GS-06 grade level in the federal service); experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) and other characteristics to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled, in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Specialized Experience: You must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade GS-06 in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Examples of specialized experience would typically include, but are not limited to: experience working with labor relations issues to include MSPB, disciplinary actions, union agreements. Experience working with benefits programs, with leave programs and experience in maintaining electronic databases in an HR setting; making routine entries and processing raw data into useable statistics. There is no educational substitution for the GS-07 level. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. None Documents Accepted: Resume Documents Required: Resume Please review the above list(s) to ensure you have included all necessary documents required for your application.Not every applicant will require the same documents, therefore it is the applicants responsibility to ensure that their application package includes all necessary documents to determine qualifications and eligibility for appointment, such as a copy of your SF-50, transcript, ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). _You will not be contacted for additional information._ Applicants will be deemed ineligible if supporting documentation is not submitted. Veterans' Preference: Since the Direct-Hire Recruitment Authority is being used, traditional Veterans' Preference rules do not apply. Qualified veterans will, however, be given full consideration for this position. Applications are accepted online. Applying online will allow you to review and track the status of your application.