TransVoyant is seeking a Data Scientist to lead live and predictive analytics research, design and development for our patented Continuous Decision Intelligence™ Platform. The ideal candidate will structure data and create the analytics needed to provide insights into our customer domains–ranging from predicting customer demand to forecasting port disruptions to getting in front of risks to national security. This position will craft statistical models, test hypotheses and visually summarize, interpret and report on TransVoyant CDI™-driven intelligence. RESPONSIBILITIES Become an expert on TransVoyant CDI™ Platform solutions and how they solve pressing customer challenges within National Security and Business Intelligence arenas Identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and exploit multiple TransVoyant structured and unstructured data sets from thousands of various sources (ex. tweets, live aircraft, forecast weather), including building or generating new data sets as appropriate Create methods, models and algorithms to understand the meaning of streaming live data, translating it into insightful predictive output for customer applications and data products Educate internal staff (ex. development, sales, marketing) on how data science and resulting predictions can be productized for key industry verticals Assist with pre-sales and post-sales engagements–performing hands-on customer work when required Represent TransVoyant and our solutions to customers and prospects at industry networking events and tradeshows Keep up to date on competitive solutions, products and services May need to travel up to 10% of time DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE 2+ years of cloud-based data analysis, manipulation and visualization experience Understanding of Hadoop stack and data analytics tools to exploit massive sets of TransVoyant data (e.g. HDFS, Spark, R, etc.) Ability to explain technical and statistical findings to non-technical users and decision makers Honed presentation and product demo skills Experience in technical consulting and conceptual solution design Basic programming and scripting experience with Java, JavaScript, and JSON is not mandatory, but is considered a plus Domain knowledge in enterprise demand, supply chain, and/or transportation management and visibility technologies is a plus Domain knowledge in national security anticipatory intelligence and situational awareness is a plus Must be a U.S. Citizen Bachelor’s degree is required ABOUT TRANSVOYANT TransVoyant delivers our customers continuous insights to increase revenues, reduce costs and manage risks by combining the current and future behavior of their enterprises, their ecosystems and they dynamic world around them. We are innovative, creative, focused on customer success and love what we do. Team members enjoy highly competitive compensation, a fast-growing and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits, 100% 401k matches, unlimited vacation days and professional development opportunities. We respect your personal information. Please review our Privacy Policy to find out more.