This is an opportunity for (a) a gap year internship of one year (no 6 months internships) OR (b) an end-of-studies internship of one year followed by a potential job offer based on performance You would be joining AgilOne in our Engineering department starting summer 2018 in one of our offices in California (Sunnyvale/San Francisco). Responsibilities: Design, build, install, test and maintain a highly scalable data platform. Ensure that said platform meets business requirements and industry practices. Write queries/jobs/functions to feed and enhance the pipeline. Develop efficient, testable and well-documented code. Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality. Integrate new technologies and software engineering tools into existing platform. Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics or similar technical/analytical degree Proficient in SQL, data analysis/exploration Intellectual curiosity, along with excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills, including the ability to disaggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions Self-motivated and good sense of ownership - comfortable working with limited direction Nice to have: Experience with distributed databases or SQL engine on Hadoop - (Hive, SparkSQL, Impala, etc) Experience with Spark/Hadoop ecosystem Experience in query performance optimization involving large datasets Experience in Java, Scala or similar language Data Visualization/Reporting - e.g. Tableau, Excel PivotTables OLAP design and implementation and knowledge of MDX NoSQL databases (HBase, MongoDB, CouchDB, Cassandra, etc) Experience extending Hive (user-defined functions) Experience in data governance (access, retention etc) Experience with data workflow management tools (Oozie, Airflow etc) Experience with streaming data pipelines (Kafka, Spark, Kinesis etc) AgilOne, the Customer Data Platform provides enterprise consumer marketers the power to integrate customer data across digital, physical, and mobile channels, deliver customer analytics with predictive insights and 360-degree profiles, and engage customers at every touch point in order to maximize lifetime value. Currently, the AgilOne solution supports more than 150 brands worldwide. We leverage the latest technologies in big data, machine learning and data quality management to deliver an enterprise-grade, scalable and high performance tool for customers such as Tumi, Lululemon, Lilly Pulitzer and David’s Tea. AgilOne is funded by the best in the Valley - Sequoia Capital, Tenaya, and Mayfield. This position does not fit your skillset or your career plans?! Please check all our internship offers : Data Scientist Intern Solutions Consultant Intern Java Engineer Intern