Native SABRE experience required. Duties and Responsibilities: • Answer calls and emails promptly from clients who are requesting new travel arrangements or changes to existing itineraries and provide prompt customer service. • Book and issue airline, hotel, car and other tour reservations through our GDS system, accurately and efficiently. • Maintain sufficient account knowledge to assist clients without delay. • Keeps current directory of hotels, motels, and timetables, and answers inquiries concerning routes, fares, and accommodations. • Check queue’s daily to ensure accuracy and that all issued tickets are complete. • Maintain service non-stop programs such as preferred vendors, Waiver/ Favors, RezCritiques, and Vacation Referrals. • Communicate effectively with other agents or team members to solve problems and gather information. • Establish and maintain strong relationships with clients. • Research complex travel rules and regulations for each client. • Research and handle traveler complaints. • Provide travel expertise to clients. • Follow ADTRAV approved workflow. • Other duties as assigned. Skills and Specifications • Demonstrates attention to detail. Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner. • Pursues training and development opportunities and strives to continuously build knowledge and skills. • Responds promptly to customer needs. listens and get • Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; s clarification. • Able to read and interpret written information. • Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness. • Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences. • Works with integrity and ethically. • Follows policies and procedures. • Is consistently at work and on time. • Includes appropriate people in decision- making process. • Reacts well under pressure. • Applies feedback to improve performance. • Ability to read and interpret documents such as travel rules, operating instructions, and procedure manuals. • Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. • Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but involved written or oral instructions. • Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations. Education/Experience: • High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or one to three months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. • Working knowledge of a GDS System. • Familiar with obtaining security clearance for high level security accounts preferred. • Experience working with high level security accounts preferred. • Understanding of Government travel requirements, visas, passports. • Understanding of contract fares, city fares and international routing. • Understanding of the Federal Travel Regulations, Fly America Act and Open Skies Agreement. • Experience working with a high volume of phone calls and emails. • Proficient with city, airline, hotel and car rental codes. • Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook). • Knowledge of Excel spreadsheet software and SABRE, ARC, Worldspan, TRAMS database software. • Ability to concentrate and pay close attention to detail. • Strong organizational skills. • Ability to consistently deliver excellent customer service, internally and externally. • Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously and complete tasks with minimal supervision. • Willingness to demonstrate professional conduct at all times. • Excellent computer and typing skills, which includes the ability to navigate between programs quickly by using shortcut keys. • Ability to identify a problem and see it through to resolution with minimal supervision. Certificates and Licenses: • Travel Agent Certification preferred. ADTRAV Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status or disability. Qualifications