Overview We are committed to provide our Employees a stable work environment with equal opportunity for learning and personal growth. Creativity and innovation are encouraged for improving the effectiveness of Southwest Airlines. Above all, Employees will be provided the same concern, respect, and caring attitude within the organization that they are expected to share externally with every Southwest Customer. Responsibilities The Reporting Analyst provides complex analytical support through the analysis, interpretation, and maintenance of data in an effort to facilitate a flexible analytic and reporting environment that seeks to transform vast amounts of data into actionable intelligence. The Analyst is responsible for ensuring data integrity, proactively monitoring reporting processes, creating statistical and summary results, and presenting the data in a variety formats. He/she has the expertise to support Department projects utilizing a variety of analytical skills and methodologies as well as providing technical support when necessary. WORK ACTIVITIES/CONTEXT: Monitor data continuously to identify problems, proactively make changes, and communicate concerns to internal stakeholders in order to ensure accuracy of the data. Provide hands-on technical support by researching, creating, and fixing errors within VBA code in order to manipulate data and produce the desired results. Create query tables by arranging and formatting data, creating new objects, and developing means for easy accessibility in order to create a centralized database for internal customers. Develop standard reports by building queries to pull and organize data from various sources, establishing the frequency, and validating the necessity of the report based upon the needs of the organization. Manipulate, cleanse, and process high-volume and/or complex data in order to assemble daily, weekly and monthly reports for Leadership. Manage and fulfill ad-hoc interdepartmental requests by identifying the scope of the project, validating the necessity, developing a strategy, pulling data from appropriate sources, and providing decision support when necessary. Continuously analyze reporting processes by solving reporting software malfunctions, proactively making changes, and identifying opportunities to improve the usability and effectiveness of the report through automation or other software. Analyze irregular Operational events and the impact of new policies by conducting regression and correlation analysis and provides data to other Departments and Leadership for decision making. Support Department’s Project Team by validating that new workflows and processes can be accurately reported on. Must be able to meet any physical ability requirements listed on this description. May perform other job duties as directed by Employee’s Leaders. Qualifications BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: High School Diploma, GED or equivalent education required. Must be at least 18 years of age. Must have authorization to work in the United States as defined by the Immigration Reform Act of 1986. EDUCATION: High school diploma required Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Business Administration, or a related field such as Accounting or Finance required. MBA in related field preferred. WORK EXPERIENCE: 2 years reporting analysis experience preferred. Experience with database architecture. Experience working with SQL server including joins, sub procedures, truncating, casting, nested queries, dynamic dates, aggregations, and case statements. Proficient in Teradata syntax preferred. Experience working with Alteryx preferred. Experience with text analytics in R studio preferred Experience with SAP Business Objects preferred. Experience with Adobe preferred. LICENSING/CERTIFICATION: N/a PHYSICAL ABILITIES: N/a SKILLS/ABILITIES/KNOWLEDGE/WORK STYLE: Must be able to comply with Company attendance standards as described in established guidelines. Knowledge of all aspects of Company and CR department structure, operating philosophy, policies, and procedures. Knowledge of Continuous Process Improvement methodologies. Knowledge of data management techniques. Experience with CR-related programs including Tracking Loyal Customers (TLC), ARD, Cirrus, RefundPro, and Smartclixx preferred. Experience in current Microsoft Office software including Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Strong analytical skills. Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems. Ability to learn and apply new software and concepts quickly. Ability to pay close attention to detail. Ability to communicate information and ideas, both orally and in writing. Ability to prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously with frequent interruptions and time constraints. Ability to read, manipulate, analyze, and interpret complex data. Ability to approach work with a curious and innovative mindset. Ability to initiate tasks, perform duties, and respond to inquiries without direction or supervision. Ability to identify and analyze trends in large sets of data. Ability to maintain confidentiality when working with sensitive information. Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, v-look ups, if-then statements, and advanced formulas. OTHER QUALIFICATIONS: Must maintain a well-groomed appearance per Company appearance standards as described in established guidelines. _Southwest Airlines is an Equal Opportunity Employer_