Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders. At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com Responsibilities: Develop analyses and models based on complex operational, economic and statistical data to solve new and complex problems, develop innovative strategies, quantify the competitive performance of the organization’s operations and/or markets, and evaluate the potential impact of changes Develop analyses and models based on complex operational, economic and statistical data to quantify the competitive performance of business segments, evaluate potential operational changes, and design new approaches and methodologies Define problems, collect data, apply advanced economic and mathematical concepts, establish facts and draw valid conclusions Apply an in-depth understanding of advanced mathematical concepts, operations and statistics to solve new and complex problems and develop innovative strategies Develop reports for management on the overall performance of business segments and develop metrics to measure various characteristics of the business Analyze historical operations and market information using business software packages and statistical software tools, and develop models to predict future outcomes Education & Experience: Master's Degree in Statistics or Mathematics Minimum five (5) years experience in developing predictive models in healthcare or life sciences setting using SAS JMP or Enterprise Miner