Job Summary Construction Provide complex administrative support to enhance the capacity of various supervisor(s) to fulfill their responsibilities and expectations. Provide administrative support as the project administrator to include drafting and managing contracts and change orders through to execution for construction projects. Process and manage monthly billings for construction contracts and change orders through to project close out. Maintain subcontractor insurance requirements for the duration of the project. Ability to learn and use construction and accounting software. Assist project teams with various HR and Accounting forms. Provide administrative support to Vice President, Project Managers and other administrative assistants as needed to provide full support to the Construction department in the corporate office. Cover reception desk three hours per month. Expected to be accountable and work with minimal instruction or supervision. Enhance and present a positive image of the company with a professional and supportive attitude toward internal and external customers. Other responsibilities include but are not limited to general knowledge of company and department procedures, assist project teams with managing company credit card responsibilities, creating power point presentations, scheduling and coordinating meetings, filing, meeting notes, and travel arrangements. Facilities Provide administrative support to National and/or Regional Facilities Directors with high proficiency in MS Word and Excel to include extensive knowledge of excel formulas. Assist National Facilities Director in tracking department and capital budgets and repositions monthly/ YTD budget. Prepare monthly and quarterly capital reconciliation and distribute as needed. Prepare regional and national contracts for projects that affect the capital budget. Special event planning and coordination as requested. Maintain public folder with most current facility forms. Cover reception desk three hours per month. Expected to be accountable and work with minimal instruction or supervision. Enhance and present a positive image of the company with a professional and supportive attitude toward internal and external customers. Assist National and Regional Facilities Directors with various HR and Accounting forms. Other responsibilities include but are not limited to general knowledge of company and department procedures, creating power point presentations, scheduling and coordinating meetings, filing, meeting notes, travel arrangements. Purchasing Under the direct supervision of the Procurement team, the position is responsible for performing confidential administrative clerical duties relating to organizing and coordinating procurement activities, review and distribution of information to include: Request for Proposals (RFP's), formal bids, price quotations, annual maintenance agreements and blanket purchase orders. Successful candidate will help manage Camden’s on-line procurement program in Oracle/OpsTechnology by adding users, managing custom catalogs, adding new vendor catalogs, manage orders, manage goods receipts, create shopping list, user maintenance & reporting. Skill in the use of a personal computer and word processing software, databases, spreadsheets, and specialized purchasing software (ORACLE CLOUD & OPS TECHNOLOGY); good communication skills in dealing with purchasing professionals, administrators, and company representatives; working knowledge of procurement laws and purchasing procedures; ability to perform clerical work with a high degree of accuracy; ability to work independently, applying established procedures to varying situations, referring only new or unusual matters to the Procurement teams. Enhance and present a positive image of the company with a professional and supportive attitude toward internal and external customers. Essential Functions Construction Assist in general clerical functions involving the department. This will include travel arrangements and coordinating events and appointments. Reconciles purchasing cards for supervisor(s) and submits reports to accounting. Conducts research and gathers information in support of the supervisor’s decision-making responsibilities. Supports the project staff by facilitating project logistics such as meetings, conference rooms, conference calls, etc. Takes meeting minutes and action items during meetings and performs basic follow-up. Assisting in administrative functions of project-related assignments including overall planning, tracking and documentation of one or several projects from the project proposal phase to the project closeout. Projects are typically outlined with specific guidelines to be followed. Being experienced in financial budgeting and reporting is advantageous for the position. Prepare contracts for the project and maintain all documentation. Communication with contractors is important. Facilities Track department and capital budget and repositions monthly / year to date budget and variances. Prepare and maintain department and construction contracts. Coordinate payment of department invoices and process all expenses, p-card statements and Human Resources forms. Maintain public folder with most current facility forms. Coordinate preparation of capital budget process and forms and have full knowledge of linking excel forms, tracking charts and have extensive knowledge of excel formulas. Update deductible reserve claims. Prepare monthly capital reconciliation and distribute. Use accounting software. Special event and project planning and coordination as requested. Enhance and present a positive image of the company and a professional manner toward employees, staff and the public. Perform all other duties as assigned by supervisor. Purchasing Market Place Administrator for Oracle Cloud Procurement Model Process requisitions into purchase orders using Oracle/OpsTechnology and any resulting change orders. Receive, open, screen, log and date stamps bid responses/quotations, mail as required and organize bids for review. Correspond with vendors regarding prices, product availability, and delivery. Respond to inquiries from buyers/users regarding requisitions, purchase orders, contracts and pricing information. Organize all procurement activities relating to request for proposals, sealed bids, and price quotes. Review requisitions for completeness and accuracy; follow up on discrepancies with the initiating Camden community; identify available suppliers for each requisitioned item. Organize and maintain computerized records containing vendor and bid information. Coordinate and schedule meetings and appointments as requested; respond to inquiries which do not require the personal attention of the Procurement team. Assist in answering incoming calls. Perform related work as required. Job Qualifications Highschool diploma required, Bachelor’s degree preferred 3 years’ experience in corporate office administration and environment administrative level supporting multiple managers. Billing experience necessary. 3-5 years Construction industry experience. Direct experience with facilities / construction administration. 1-3 years experience performing complex clerical duties. Advanced training in typing and general office procedures. Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing. Access data base, Publisher or design programs. Constructware (Autodesk) experience would be helpful but not required. Advanced software skills in Microsoft Office. And here’s the fine print HR wants you to know: Job is intermittently sedentary but requires mobility (i.e., climb stairs) Will use some repetitive motion of hand-wrist in using computer and writing Must have normal range of vision to complete paperwork and computerized documentation; hearing and speech to communicate with residents, vendors, supervisors and coworkers on the telephone or in person on a regular basis Must handle stressful, urgent, novel and diverse work situations on a daily basis Emotional stability and personal maturity are important attributes in this position Works in a typical office setting with daily exposure to outdoor environment (i.e., heat, cold, damp, rain, etc.) Hazards can be avoided with proper lifting techniques, SDS and general safety training Will be regularly called upon to work long hours and odd schedules (including weekends) Position requires periodic travel by automobile to handle work-related activities May require airline travel, out-of-town and /or overnight trips Attendance and punctuality is essential for success in this position Contact your HR team for the position’s Physical Demands Analysis This job description is not an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities. Camden may add or change responsibilities in order to meet business and organizational needs. Employees must meet qualification standards that are job-related and consistent with business necessity and must be able to perform the essential functions of the position, with or without reasonable accommodations.