Would you like to work with ground-breaking technology? Are you as comfortable behind the wheel as you are with a computer? We are Cruise, the driverless car company. We are building the world’s best autonomous vehicles ( https://www.driverless.id/news/video-breakdown-gms- unicorn-cruise-shows-off-level-4-skills-sf-passing-uber-maybe-waymo-0176031/ ) to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. Our vehicles are on the road in California, Arizona, and Michigan navigating some of the most challenging and unpredictable driving environments. We’re looking for people who want to solve some of today’s most complex engineering challenges and make a positive impact. As an Autonomous Vehicle Trainer, you will help us test and improve the performance of our driverless cars. You will tackle hard problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications. You should have strong attention to detail, basic technical skills, and an excellent driving record. Integrity, good judgment, and the ability to work in a team environment are required at all times. You will be expected to keep certain project details confidential. Responsibilities: Work in teams, take turns between (i) driving (some manual driving but primarily monitoring the vehicle's behavior in autonomous mode and taking over when necessary), (ii) software monitoring and logging responsibilities, and (iii) providing remote assistance Complete timely and detailed ride reports for our operations and engineering teams Participate in the ongoing training of new AVTs Test other aspects of our robot cars Perform ad hoc projects as needed Requirements: Able to drive and/or spend time sitting in a car for 6-8 hours/day Proficient written and verbal communication skills Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application and currently hold an active California driver's license No more than 1-point on driving record and excellent driving skills A clean background check and drug screen Work hours: 40 hours per week, five consecutive days, 8-hour shifts Multiple shift times available Availability on weekends is required This position is full-time employment with our contingent workforce partner, paying $23/hour and offering benefits, 401(k), and paid time off. GM Cruise LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GM Cruise LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Privacy Statement ( https://getcruise.com/privacy )