Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Business Operations Analyst performs administrative, financial, and operational activities to ensure the departments core business processes run smoothly, are well managed and executed. The business operations analyst role is the anchor for the operations of the organization in support of management financial and operational processes. Scope The Business Operations Analyst works independently and is expected to use initiative and sound judgment in carrying out the day to day responsibilities to support of the OCIO, Center IT, and the HDC. Key areas of focus include: Vendor Management (invoice processing, contract assessment and renewals, etc) Operational Budget reporting, support, and analysis Managing chargeback processes across the organization for centralized services Internal Operational Expense management and reporting Project and Capital Asset Depreciation Process Support General billing and accounts management functions Reporting The Business Operations Analyst reports to the Director of Business Operations Responsibilities Vendor Management Manage end to end process for all for IT managed licensing and maintenance contracts Facilitate process to ensure all invoices are validated, processed and payments made in a timely and accurate manner. Partner with department leadership and staff to provide guidance on processes related to vendor engagement Operational Prepare journal entries to support internal chargebacks as well as asset and invoice adjustments. Coordination with Finance team in billing preparation for external customers. Provide guidance to project managers on standard financial practices and Fred Hutch specific financial policy and procedures. Create purchase order requisitions for all of CIT and HDC that are within the scope of the business operations Collaborate with cross functional teams across the organization to investigate, troubleshoot and resolve budget/financial operational related errors and issues effectively. Identify process improvement areas and work across teams to identify solution and deliver improvements. Prepare ad-hoc financial reporting when requested by department, Finance or Accounting. Support month end accounting close and ensure all deliverables are completed by required due dates. Responsibilities include the preparation of accruals, variance analysis and provide information to Accounting and Finance as necessary. Assist with the preparation of the annual budget and forecasting for CIT and HDC. Compile, validate and reconcile procard statements and receipts for departmental cardholders. Provide ongoing support to the business operations team, CIT, and HDC leadership. This includes completing special projects, assignments and administrative tasks as required. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in business administration/finance or equivalent experience and a minimum of 3-4 years related to business financial operations. Preferred experience in IT environment Strong business acumen in the area of financial operations in an IT environment Highly proficient with MS Office applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, SharePoint and PowerPoint. Proven ability and drive to identify and implement process improvements Excellent problem-solving, information gathering, and analysis skills Natural ability to work in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment Highly organized and have a demonstrated ability to plan, prioritize time, and execute on deliverables Very detail oriented and work with a high degree of accuracy. Excellent interpersonal skills and professional diplomacy Excellent verbal and written communication skills Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.