Our mission is to protect life. We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. In the next 10 years, we’ll triple the amount of time officers can spend serving their communities. In the next 20, we’ll eliminate paperwork in policing so that officers can focus on what matters. And in the next 50 years, we’ll make the bullet obsolete. It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day. Imagine year 2030. Advanced technology has transformed law enforcement, dramatically improving the quality and safety of our lives. Men and women in uniform rely on smart tools that collect and process information in real time. AI lets detectives investigate and prevent crimes by finding patterns in the cloud of interconnected data. Accurate and detailed reporting maintains transparency and trust between communities and the police. Would you love to shape this future and join a team that is building it right now? Watch a short video that goes more in depth here. Our Company Every single day we pursue our mission: to protect life and make a positive change in the world with state-of-the-art devices and services. We truly believe in what we do, and welcome others who share our passion. Our Product We are building Axon Records, a brand new cloud-based web application that will eliminate tedious paperwork, save time, save lives, and make the job of a police officer more fulfilling. Over time, Axon Records will evolve into a family of law enforcement tools designed to make our communities safer. Our Tech Our full-stack engineers use a broad range of tools and technologies: Backend – Golang, with auto-generated GraphQL APIs Frontend – React.js (with an opportunity to build React Native and Electron apps in future) Data – MySQL and schema-less graph stores Deployment and Operations – Kubernetes, Docker, Vitess.io Every single day we pursue our mission: to protect life and make a positive change in the world with state-of-the-art devices and services. We truly believe in what we do, and welcome others who share our passion. Our Team We believe that only happy teams take good care of their customers, so we foster a friendly, open, introspective team culture that encourages everyone to speak their mind and deliberately avoids red tape, unnecessary rituals, politics, and jerks. We self-organize into small crews, each working on a short project and following its own development process. We reserve 2 days per week for focused work without meetings, and emphasize planning to keep our work-life balance healthy and sustainable. Our customers We believe we can only succeed if we deeply understand our customers and get to know them personally. We spend time with law enforcement officers to learn about their needs, watch their experience and see the real impact of our work. Your first ride-along with a patrol officer will forever change your perception of what the job is, and what the city is like. Skills Required A customer-obsessed developer with 2+ years of experience in launching and operating distributed web applications Proficient in at least one backend language with the ability to learn new ones like Go and Scala Comfortable with JavaScript (and its frameworks like React.js), HTML, CSS, and have built web applications from components Skills Preferred You have taken design sketches and worked across the stack to turn them into features in Production that delight customers with high availability, rich functionality and smooth performance You have a hands-on experience developing features or entire web applications using Go and React.js You are passionate about quality design, code, tools and architectures You follow the latest in open source technologies and can intuit the fine line between a promising new practice and an overhyped fad You learn from senior engineers, help your peers, coach junior team members Compensation and Benefits An awesome office/working environment with the newest technology Competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package Fun team activities and outings Flexible working hours Opportunities to ride along with local law enforcement If you are interested in learning more about what we're building, we would love to talk to you - please reach out, and let us have an informal conversation. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.