Job Description What You’ll Get to Do: As a CACI-WGI (The Wexford Group International) Joint Expeditionary Team (JET) Member, you will provide embedded support to tactical units conducting ground operations primarily in the CENTCOM AOR. You will observe and report on best practices, emerging enemy TTPs, and friendly capability gaps associated with improvised threats such as Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) and small unmanned aerial systems (sUAS). More About the Role: While not deployed, you will also provide subject matter expertise on improvised threats to various CONUS offices and organizations associated with training and technology integration. You will interact directly with units preparing to deploy to areas where they will face improvised threats, providing insight and recommendations that shape their pre-deployment planning and training. Relocation to Northern Virginia is not required for the position. You’ll Bring These Qualifications: CENTCOM-based ground combat experience with a combat arms unit within the past seven years. Minimum of two years of deployed combat experience from the post 9/11 era. Minimum 10 years of service within a combat arms or Special Operations unit. Current Top Secret/Specialized Compartmented Information Security Clearance. Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing. Must be fully deployable to the required theater of operations, wear uniforms as prescribed by the supported unit commander, and bear arms as prescribed by the supported unit commander. Bachelors degree and five years of experience, or associates degree and 10 years of experience, or 12 years of relevant work experience. These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: Multiple tours at various operational levels that include a mix of direct combat, operational planning, training development and Ops-Intel fusion. Direct counterinsurgency operational experience in positions from team member through SF BN/Group (SF) or Company through Division/MEF level (Conventional). More than 20 years of military experience. What We Can Offer You: The Wexford Group, International (CACI-WGI) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CACI with a reputation for uncompromising standards of quality in its people and its performance. Joining the CACI-WGI team is a mark of excellence for those employees who complete our rigorous Recruiting, Assessment, and Selection (RAS) process. CACI-WGI’s mission places its personnel against the government’s most critical emerging challenges. Work with us and you’ll be working with a team making a difference across the globe. CACI-WGI offers competitive benefits as well as numerous learning and development opportunities. As the Prime Contractor for this effort with JIDO, CACI-WGI offers unmatched stability and growth potential within the program. Job Location US-Houston-TX-HOUSTON CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.