Position Summary Information Technology and System Analysts provide application and infrastructure support for ConocoPhillips operations. Assignments will typically be at one of our sites located in Bartlesville, Oklahoma or Houston, Texas. Responsibilities may include: Identifying and implementing e-solutions that enhance our business model and streamline processes Providing expertise that enables maximum value to be derived from ConocoPhillips' ERP system Using advanced systems analysis, design and development techniques to implement and integrate applications Utilizing a wide range of technologies including web & cloud infrastructure, data warehousing, telecommunications, databases, and e-commerce to deliver IT services Developing technical direction to gain competitive advantage in scientific computing areas (visualization, storage networks, etc.) Our Company At ConocoPhillips innovation and excellence create a platform for opportunity and growth. We are the world’s largest independent Exploration and Production company and we don’t hire just the GPA, we hire the person who earned it. We strive to represent and reflect the global communities in which we live and work. To deliver superior performance, we create an inclusive environment that respects the contributions and differences of every individual. We believe that diverse opinions, ideas and perspectives are what fuels innovation throughout our company, and we all play a role in giving our company a competitive business advantage. Qualifications Basic/Required: Must be legally authorized to work in the United States as a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a) (1) and will not need sponsorship now or in the future Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, Management Information Systems or related field Current level in college: Senior Expected graduation date: Fall 2018 through Spring/Fall 2019 Preferred: A minimum cumulative and major GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale Previous internships or co-ops in an energy related field Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite Ability to generate effective solutions based on available information and makes timely decisions that are safe and ethical Ability to invite dialogue to gain a shared understanding and influences with confidence to drive performance and achieve business results Demonstrates an understanding of how key financial and quantitative indicators impact the business ConocoPhillips will conduct on-site interviews at many universities in the U.S. during the Fall of 2018. Please check with your university career services to find out if and when we will be visiting your campus. If ConocoPhillips is interviewing on your campus, you must register with your career service office and complete your online application prior to the university deadlines to be considered for these on-site interviews. If we are not making a site visit to your campus and you are selected for an interview, our recruiters will contact you directly to schedule the interview. To be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions, attaching your resume with transcripts, and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of October 31, 2018. Candidates for this U.S. position must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a) (1). Individuals with temporary visas such as A, B, C, D, E, F (F1-Academic Student), G, H (H1-B), I, J, L, M (M1-Vocational Student), NATO, O, P, Q, R or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization in the United States now or in the future, are not eligible for hire. ConocoPhillips is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status.