Become and remain knowledgeable about Leading social media products and community standards Assist our community and help resolve inquiries empathetically, accurately and on time Make well balanced decisions and personally driven to be an effective advocate for our community Strong interpersonal skills, verbal and written communication skills and most importantly empathy Display a strong bias to doing what’s right for our community in supporting Leading social media objectives Investigate and resolve issues that are reported on social media such as requests for account support and reports of potentially abusive content Respond to user inquiries with high quality, speed, empathy and accuracy Use market specific knowledge, signals and insights to spot and scope scalable solutions to improve the support of our community of users Gather, analyze and utilize relevant data to develop ways to improve the overall user experience on the site Enforce social media terms of use by carefully monitoring reports of abuse on the site Review the reported content within agreed turnaround times and standards of quality Identify inefficiencies in workflows and suggest solutions Recognize trends and patterns, and escalate issues outside the company policy Language requirements: English Proficiency (Written and Verbal) Reasoning/analytical capabilities: Ability of reason and analytical skills in diverse situations Education: Degree of secondary education/college desirable Experience: 1 year of process services and client support required 1 + years of Social Media monitoring experience preferred High affinity and cultural awareness of political/social situation regarding the relevant market/region that will be supported by each ‘rep’ – which is critical to be aware of the cultural/regional differences for nuanced policy decisions to be applied in accordance abuse standard policies and training materials Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 GE-SRTP PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Services and Support NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 10 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.