Accountable for a variety of activities in conjunction with the program's test strategy, certification, and documentation with guidance from senior members of the SOX PMO Team. Focuses on Information Technology and Application Access. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 1) Monitoring the progress of testing, based on a preset testing strategy; 2) Supporting test planning with Internal Audit Services or other partners; 3) May assist in performing testing and general work paper reviews: 4) Supporting the SOX certification process; 5) Developing meaningful relationships with relevant stakeholders across the organization, to ensure a sustained understanding of SOX control requirements; 6) Understanding how business controls rely on applications and end-user computing tools and conveying this understanding to others; and 7) Working in teams to perform special projects on process improvements and authoring/maintaining guidance as appropriate. Essential Responsibilities: Participates in the analysis of controls and process information to assist in the coordination of testing by Internal Audit Services, or to improve process efficiencies. Works with SOX PMO team members in determining status of open deficiencies, remedial action plans; adjusts plans accordingly. Performs on-going project management; provides accurate and comprehensive status reporting to all levels of leadership. Provides management with timely and accurate assessment of narratives, work papers, other documentation; recommends modifications as appropriate. Recommends modifications to established practices and procedures; successfully handle a full range of assignments and projects. Within scope of position, independently initiates, identifies, and coordinates the analysis; determines and takes appropriate action; provides recommendations to appropriate parties. Performs special studies/projects of moderate scope as assigned, which may require independent development of analytical approaches to resolve issues. Participates in multiple cross-functional and/or multiple cross divisional task forces to identify and document functional requirements, workflow, information sources, and system/process specifications. Interacts with external auditors and consultants in facilitating the testing process; ensures efforts are not duplicated.