Child Trends is seeking a Research Scientist in Early Childhood Development. We strongly prefer to hire someone to work in one of our three offices (Bethesda, MD; Minneapolis, MN; or Chapel Hill, NC). This position will be responsible for planning and executing major social science research or technical assistance projects in consultation with other colleagues and/or other organizations; designing the research approach; working with a team to conduct data analysis; drawing policy inferences; writing and presenting research and policy reports; and supervising staff. Must develop and write proposals. May function as principal investigator/project director for research or technical assistance projects. We are prioritizing candidates with expertise in topics related to working with states on early care and education issues; Child Care and Development Fund and reauthorization of the Child Care and Development Block Grant; early childhood systems and systems evaluation; child care subsidy policies; or use of administrative data. _Candidates wishing to be considered for the position are strongly encouraged to submit their application by July 20, 2018. If the position is not filled in the first round of applications, additional applications will be considered until July 31 or until the position is filled._ Typical Duties and Responsibilities: Develops or participates in developing research topics, proposals, budgets, and research design. Designs and implements evaluations. Selects appropriate statistical techniques or qualitative methods to analyze collected data. Supervises and/or participates in data collection, tabulation, and analysis by research analysts and research assistants; participates in interpreting quantitative or qualitative data from policy and program perspectives. Makes site visits, conducts interviews with public officials and supervises field research as necessary. May provide research-based technical assistance to early childhood leaders. Oversees policy analysis, research synthesis, and convening of experts. May serve as project director/principal investigator for one or more projects. May serve as supervisor for more junior research staff. Writes final reports and presents results to clients. Prepares papers for presentations, publications, and testimony. Disseminates/responds to public information requests from reporters, Congress, and researchers. Attends all-staff and project managers meetings. Reviews resumes and interviews candidates for employment. Experience and Education: Research experience in early childhood programs. Experience in early childhood policy. Experience working with state early childhood leaders preferred. Experience with multivariate quantitative analyses, qualitative analyses, and mixed methods approaches. Ph.D. or equivalent is required. Master’s degree or other relevant degree may be considered with substantial relevant experience. A combination of the quantitative, analytical, and writing skills, relevant substantive knowledge, and social policy research experience needed to perform the required duties of this position. How to Apply: Please follow the “apply” link to submit your application. When asked by the system to upload resume, please upload one document that includes your resume, cover letter, transcripts, a writing sample and contact information for three professional references. Materials must be combined into one document in order to be uploaded. If you have any difficulties with this process please email the requested materials to recruitment@childtrends.org and make sure to reference the position in the subject line. No phone calls please! _Child Trends_ _, founded in 1979, is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization dedicated to improving the lives of children by conducting research and providing science-based information to improve the decisions, programs, and policies that affect children. With annual revenue of $19 million and 144 employees, our clients include federal, state and local government agencies, foundations, and service providers. Our headquarters is located in Bethesda, Maryland, with offices in Minneapolis and Chapel Hill, North Carolina. In 2016, we were recognized as a_ _Great Place to Work_ _and were 2nd in the list of_ _100 Best Workplaces for Women_ _._ _Child Trends is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer_ _. Protected veterans and individuals with disability encouraged to apply._