Janssen Scientific Affairs, LLC is hiring a Manager, Master Data Management for its Scientific Exchange Solutions group. The primary location of this position is Titusville, NJ, with consideration of Horsham, PA, and will require up to 10% domestic travel. At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, what matters most is helping people live full and healthy lives. We focus on treating, curing and preventing some of the most devastating and complex diseases of our time. And we pursue the most promising science, wherever it might be found. Janssen Scientific Affairs, L.L.C is dedicated to providing medical information and consultative support to the Janssen pharmaceutical companies. We are Janssen. Our mission drives us. Our patients inspire us. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Thriving on a diverse company culture, celebrating the uniqueness of our employees and committed to inclusion. Proud to be an equal opportunity employer. The Manager, Master Data Management will be responsible for developing and executing strategies on the data management activities and projects across iMedical solutions used by Janssen Scientific and Medical Affairs supporting the scientific evidence generation and dissemination process. The incumbent will work cross-functionally to ensure that Janssen Scientific and Medical Affairs associates have high quality data to generate meaningful insights and enable easy integration of solutions across the scientific evidence generation and dissemination process. The incumbent will be responsible to understand the evidence generation and dissemination process and define the landscape of master data management needed to fully support the process. As solutions/capabilities/processes/standards are identified, the incumbent will be responsible to partner with data owners and IT to develop project plans on the execution, drive change management, manage data, and integrate process and technology effectively. Responsibilities Include: Development and implementation of Data Management strategy, standards and solutions in partnership with data owners and IT. Identify potential efficiencies that can be achieved by implementing a formal master data management and governance solution and execute on the strategy achieving the projected quantifiable business value. Identify potential new data related capabilities and opportunities that become available. Identify systemic data quality issues and propose solutions to eliminate the data quality issues and significantly reduce risks. Establish interoperability of data across JSA/MA systems. Generate a robust data model of the business environment Construct data lineage representation across different systems Manage "one source of truth" for subscribing systems and business partners to ensure operational efficiency and enable ability to generate insights across solutions. Recommend changes to improve overall data quality, and improve ability to generate insights. Establish clear data ownership and the related systems of record and use. Develop and maintain business rules for the management of data. Monitor data quality in the key JSA/MA systems and define actions to resolve quality issues when needed. Lead the MDM governance team to drive the strategic direction, and to align on key tactics. Identify business processes that would benefit using master data, including systems of use. Facilitate end to end information flow. Connect to and leverage MDM experience from other groups within Janssen. Prioritize master data integration projects based on business value and business urgency. Work with Functional Experts & Data Owners to maximize the business value. Liaise with IT for the technical implementation of the integrations. Champion the business justification and change management necessary to ensure success of the data management strategy. Influence authoritative sources to generate high quality data and influence information consumers to comply with the shared meaning of terms, resulting in data which can be used end-to-end in the business organization. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree is required. At least 5 years of experience in Data Management is required. Experience in Master Data Management is required. Excellent interpersonal and negotiation skills are required. Key project management skills are required. Experience presenting to senior management is required. Experience collaborating in a matrixed environment, and influencing outcomes without direct authority is required. Outstanding written and oral communication skills are required. Experience in pharmaceutical or life sciences is preferred. Knowledge of technology platforms for Master Data Management is preferred. Excellent problem solving and decision-making skills are required. Effectively prioritizing and managing multiple tasks simultaneously is preferred. Primary Location United States-New Jersey-Titusville Other Locations North America-United States-Pennsylvania-Horsham Organization Janssen Scientific Affairs, LLC (6120) Job Function Info Technology Requisition ID 6979180713