HPD is seeking a SQL Database Administrator. The position is a full performance level database administration position managing databases within Housing Preservation and Development?s operating systems environment. This position will serve as database administrator for the development and production of SQL databases and be responsible for new software installs, organization, installation and support of enterprise relational database management systems, multiple applications, and multiple environments including hardware, network and interface implications. Duties include database creation, maintenance, tuning, advanced backup, and recovery. The selected candidate will be required to perform, and in some cases, oversee tasks related to database and data transformation activities for the agency. Duties include, but are not limited to; modeling, developing, designing, implementing, enhancing, maintaining, and analyzing databases for multiple software systems and legacy applications. Ensure that data model and database design conform to the overall data modeling standards, guidelines, best practices and approved modeling techniques and approaches. Help maintain an enterprise-level data dictionary by documenting all entities, their relationships, and all data attributes for the agency. Work jointly with the team in developing the data objects and data models to support data services under a service-oriented architecture approach.Required Experience? Database Management: 5 years? Configuration Management: 5 years? Troubleshooting: 5 years? SQL Server: 5 years? Oracle DBMS : 2 years? Documentation: 4 years? Prior work experience with database design, implementation and administration; using MS SQL Server 2005 (or higher) in production environment.? Technical expertise in writing optimal T-SQL queries, stored procedures, user defined functions/views.? In-depth knowledge and hands-on developing, deploying, and maintaining complex SSIS packages.? Prior experience with file processing/data imports into databases with a keen eye to accuracy.? Thorough understanding of database maintenance practices, including index management, backup strategies and disk space requirements.? Experience in using the following technologies will be considered a plus: .NET, (C).? Four year college diploma or university.Key Responsibilities? Designs logical and physical databases or reviews description of changes to database to understand how changes to be made affect physical database. Communicates with managerial, administrative and technical staff to determine information needs data flows and systems definitions. ? Manages the distribution and retention of data on various storage devices. ? Provides day to day advice to users on data structures and terminology and develops policies and procedures related to the support and maintenance of database applications. ? Provides input for strategic planning. ? Performs database administration duties, including installation, patching, backup and recovery management, space management, schema management, startup and shutdown. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Qualification Requirements (continued) NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred Skills ? Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA).? More than 7 years of working experience administering complex SQLServer and/or Oracle environments.? Some experience with Cloud or Azure SQL server ? Minimum of 8 years of progressive industry experience in the field of database design and data architecture.? Ability to work with senior project manager, application designers, developers, business analysts and users to define the information needs of the organization.? Extensive working experience in third normal form (3NF) database normalization modeling.? Excellent verbal and writing skills.? Possess proficiency in a database SQL language.? Experience in debugging and optimizing SQL queries.? Proficiency in PL/SQL. ? Knowledge and experience with SQL reporting tools and utilities is a plus? Good understanding of ETL concepts and proficienct in transformation tools; ODI and/or Informatica.? Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and non-technical forms.? Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail.? Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.? Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws.? Efficient problem solving and decision making abilities ? able to work on problems that have multiple layers of complexity and ability to address challenges.? Strong knowledge of SQL Server (Ideally 2012+).? Tuning queries to improve performance. Additional Information PLEASE NOTE THE CHOSEN CANDIDATE MUST TAKE THE UPCOMING COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER CIVIL SERVICE EXAM IN 2018. To Apply Apply online Work Location 100 Gold Street Residency Requirement NYC residency is not required.