Description The Department of Children, Youth, and Families is a new cabinet agency in Washington State that has been established for the purpose of delivering existing services in a way that produces better outcomes for children, youth, and families served by the State of Washington. We're looking for professionals to join our team to help build DCYF, working toward the common goal of eliminating child and youth outcome disparities based on race and ethnicity. The vision from the legislature is that "All Washington's children and youth grow up safe and healthy-thriving physically, emotionally, and educationally, nurtured by family and community." Find out more at www.dcyf.wa.gov. The Opportunity: As the Business Data and Integration Architect (ITS5) you will be working on complex, time sensitive projects which can require coordination across multiple systems, agencies, and programs and typically have statewide impact, and are legislatively mandated. The Data and Integration Architect is the highest technical resource responsible for analyzing and recommending efficiencies at the enterprise level for data collections, integrations, linkages warehousing, and incorporating complex cross functional analytics and reporting. Key Responsibilities Responsible for analyzing and recommending efficiencies at the enterprise level for data collections, integrations, linkages, warehousing, and incorporating complex cross functional analytics and reporting Leads Requirements meetings for new data requests and functionality with internal and external stakeholders. Manage Product Owner and Stakeholder expectations. Provides data as required to assist legislative requests, DEL programs, and external agencies. Assist DEL Legislative Liaison and fiscal team during legislative sessions. This full-time, permanent position is located in Olympia, Washington. We are a mobile workforce that offers telework options, flexible work schedules, sit/stand stations, free DASH shuttle service to shops and restaurants downtown, and we have an infants at work program. We are looking for an applicant with the following required qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science, data management, information systems or related field from an accredited college or university whose accreditation is recognized by the U.S. Department of Education or the Council for Higher Education (CHEA). Four (4) years of information technology experience such as consulting, analyzing, designing, programming, configuring, installing and/or maintaining computer software applications, hardware, telecommunications, or network infrastructure equipment, directing projects, providing customer or technical support in information technology; or administering or supervising staff that performed work in any of these information technology disciplines.Demonstrates the following abilities: Ability to conduct business process reviews and document requirements Listening skills in order to understand what people say and to detect what they might be hesitant to say, and interpret the requests into actual business needs Interviewing and questioning skills, to talk with individuals and groups about their needs and ask the right questions to surface essential requirements information Thinking on your feet, to go beyond planned questions and respond to whatever input you hear from the people you are interviewing. Analytical skills, to critically evaluate the information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a more general understanding, distinguish presented user requests from the underlying true needs, and distinguish solution ideas from requirements Systems thinking skills, to be able to see the interactions and relationships between the people, processes, and technology involved in an environment Facilitation skills to lead requirements gathering meetings, decision making, and present the business case Leadership skills to create a collaborative environment and influence people to move toward a common goal Communication skills to communicate information effectively and in appropriate format and detail to customers, managers, and technical staff Organizational skills, to work with the vast array of information gathered during elicitation and analysis and to cope with rapidly changing information, often while managing requests across multiple projects. Business analysis techniques such as workflows, user stories, prototypes to illustrate the requirements. Excellent working knowledge of MS office suite, current versions of internet browsers and graphic capture software. Desirable Qualifications: Know principles of enterprise information architecture and modeling. Understanding of Microsoft SQL databases and Business Intelligence (BI) Business Analyst Body of Knowledge (BABOK) certification or training Agile certification (CSM) Experience with Agile software development Lean Certification or training Strong presentation and client facing skills. Excellent interpersonal, leadership, and teamwork skills. Self-direction, confidence, effective communication and presentation skills. Capability to get results in a fast paced, complex, often ambiguous environment. Ability to analyze data, spot trends, and address barriers. Regular and reliable attendance. Willingness to travel as required. How do I apply? In addition to completing the online application, applicants must attach the following documents to their profile in order to be considered for this position: Letter of interest describing how you meet the specific qualifications for this position Supplemental Questions Supplemental Information: This position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. This means employees are required to pay regular union dues or non-association fees within 30 calendar days of their start date. DCYF is an equal opportunity employer and supports equity, diversity, inclusion and respect. Need accommodation throughout the application/interview process? Unable to apply on-line? Contact the Recruitment team at dcyf.jobs@dcyf.wa.gov or (360) 628-0114 or the Telecommunications Device for the Deaf at 800-833-6388. Experiencing technical difficulties creating, accessing or completing your application? Call NEOGOV toll-free at (855)524-5627 or email support@neogov.com. To take advantage of Veteran's preference please attach your DD-214, member 4 long form, or your NGB-22.Please black out your social security number prior to attaching. General suggestions for creating a good application packet: Read the job posting very carefully. Find out as much as you can about the position. Make sure you are very diligent in following all the application instructions. Include all requested documentation. Make sure your application and supplemental question responses address how you meet each of the required and desired qualifications. Carefully read each of the supplemental questions and respond completely to each one. Pay careful attention to each component of the question, providing examples, and thoroughly describing when and where you achieved the proficiency level, and detail the types of work you performed, the work products, etc., to demonstrate 'how'. Specifically include all of your work experiences doing the same or similar work, especially if you reference work in these jobs in describing when/where you gained proficiency level skills. Make sure your application reflects your best writing. The initial screening will be based on the content and completeness of your application and the materials submitted. All information may be verified and documentation may be required. Applications with comments such as "see attachments" or "N/A" in the supplemental question responses will be considered incomplete.