Job Description The Lead System Engineer for Big Data Platform will report directly to the Senior Director of Data Platform Operations. As a lead to the team – you will be driving engineering build and operational supports of critical Big Data Clusters and ensure the stability of the platform by performing proactive maintenances, automations and driving complex cross platform problems to resolution. You will also ensure OLAs and SLAs and will collaborate with Development and Product teams to identify opportunities to improve and optimize the overall experience. As a technical lead to the team, you need to demonstrate technology expertise and deep architectural knowledge to help guide the team to perform well. The role requires staying on top of the technology and training other team members to adopt new technology seamlessly as the team help to build and run new technology. The role requires working knowledge of production support processes such as incident/change/problem management, call triaging, escalation procedures and such. The role will also demand the ability to write and articulate business cases or performance reports to various stakeholders. Qualifications 7+ years hands-on experience in large distributed production environment. 5+ years hands on experience in AIX/Sun Solaris/Red Hat environment. 3 years of experience in Performance Tuning, Data Fixing and Workload Automation. A bachelor degree in engineering (Computer Science, Electronics, etc.) degree required. Have good working experience on Big Data Environment using Hadoop, HBase, Spark, Kafka and Eco system tools. Minimum Years of experience in Big Data Production System (Admin, Development experience Must-to-have) Should be able to provide reporting solutions in Big Data Platform Strong hands-on big data development experience including tuning your solution, debugging, performance testing etc., is required Good to have working experience on Big Data Ecosystem (mainly in HIVE, Impala, Sqoop, Pig, flume, Hbase, Map Reduce etc..) development Detect and Resolve Problems code or Infra related issues by doing root cause analysis. Experience in 24X7 follow the sun model is preferred. Strictly adhere to the processes and guidelines. Knowledge Transition from/to others. Research/Analysis Work to answer questions. Identify improvement opportunities and Should have very good coding and troubleshooting skills. Strong Team player and ability to collaborate as part of virtual team across the globe. Ability to drive problem bridges collaborates with others from different functional and technical areas and escalates timely to get help to resolve problems within time. Strong process adherence to follow change, incident and problem management processes. Ability to identify knowledge gaps and provide technical guidance/mentoring to others to help grow talent Incumbent must be a quick learner to learn new technology, application or tools and ability to cascade the knowledge to others. S/he must have the ability to research solutions to various business and technical problems, evaluate alternatives and be able to present recommendations and justifications to management. End-to-end architecture knowledge in Big Data Hadoop Platform(Must-to-have) Working knowledge on Unix Shell Script, Java and Scala (Preferred). Hadoop Development Certification and Hadoop Admin Certification (Preferred) Training in Apache Kafka (Preferred) S/he must have strong verbal and written communication skills. Job-holder must have flexibility to work extended hours when needed. S/he must have strong self-motivation, sense of ownership and ability to retain focus under stress during crisis situations. S/he must have strong business ethics, self-discipline and trustworthiness to handle sensitive confidential data in live production environment. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.