Duties & Responsibilities: As a key member of the Global Software Architecture & Engineering team (GSAE) you will be responsible for end to end development lifecycle from requirement, solution, design, implementation, testing and deployment with a focus on delivering solutions for state of the art Data center infrastructure monitoring (DCIM) platform and applications business goals, technical requirements and platform engineering standards. The role must be hands on and will be willingness to work as DevOps model. Development and maintenance custom web/mobile applications and API’s using Node.js, Bootstrap, Skeleton, jQuery, REST API, AngularJS, TypeScript, Grunt, and Gulp. Develop custom features based on specifications and technical designs. Create rich web user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Create server-side functionality using asynchronous, highly scalable design principles. Take responsibility for feature-focused unit and system testing Contribute to user acceptance testing procedures and monitoring results. Contribute to performance and load testing procedures and issue remediation. Required Skills and Abilities: Must Have Solid understanding of functional (FP) programming in Javascript using current design patterns/practices, especially as it applies to building flexible NodeJS and AngularJS applications; Deep hands-on knowledge of : JavaScript , NodeJS , Bootstrap and AngularJS JavaScript-based build systems such as Grunt and Gulp Creating RESTful web services /API’s using Node.js with or without framework assistance (e.g. Express) JavaScript-based unit testing tools Client-side browser technologies including JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. Experience with designing both relational (SQL,Oracle, MySQL) and non-relational databases (MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra) and optimizing database structure for performance and/or maintainability and the ability to design and optimize queries. Experience with source control, work item tracking, and build management with Git (or similar). Passion about building high-quality systems with software implementation best practices. Eagerness to learn and work outside your technology comfort zone. Ability to be self-motivated, independent, and detail-oriented. Nice to Have: Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) using current design patterns/practices Experience with distributed micro-service design principles, service oriented architectures. Hands-on experience building scalable web applications, in particular high frequency and low latency web applications with optimal memory management, performance, and scalability as a key focus. Experience with Styling and Responsive Design techniques using technologies such as HTML5, Bootstrap, LESS, and SASS. Experience with broad scale refactoring of single page applications for maintainability and performance. Desirable if you have Open Source projects or other public code contributions that showcase your talent Data center infrastructure knowledge is a strong plus