Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Palo Alto, CA, USA The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Technical Account Manager, you will partner with customers integrating Google's Job Discovery service (API) and other data services. Externally, you’ll understand the business and technical contexts of these customer organization to help drive technical and business change. Internally, you'll work closely with our Engineering, Partnerships, Product and Data Science teams to ensure these API customers have the best experience with our APIs and are ultimately more successful as a business from their integration of the API, and their relationship with Google. In a typical week, you may onboard a new API customers (both business and technical stakeholders) via video chat or in-person, check-in with existing customers to see how our technology is impacting their business, and guide internal Engineers and Technical Solutions Consultants to challenges to be resolved and documentation to be improved. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Drive customers’ business improvement through adoption of technical products. Lead onboarding sessions with partners via video conference or in-person to provide an overview of our APIs and how they should be used; understand partner business goals and where our APIs intersect, and how the partners will be assessing a successful partnership. Escalate technical support and troubleshooting requests to the Technical Solutions Consultants you work with every day. Bring the perspective of customers’ business needs and use cases, as our greater team maintains educational content, such as API documentation, tutorials, guides and inspirational sample applications. Understand - and advocate for - partner feedback and use cases, and collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to prioritize and ensure timely follow-through - and elegant design - of new features and improved functionality. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in a customer-facing role managing technical product adoption within enterprises. Preferred qualifications: 3 years of experience in Product Management, Software Engineering or a similar technical role. Experience designing and coding web and/or mobile cloud applications using JavaScript, HTML, JSON, AJAX, etc. Experience managing the full lifecycle from conception and requirements gathering to development to deployment. Experience with web technologies, and API and systems design. Understanding of technical concepts, such as search, databases, servers, SQL, etc. Knowledge of API partner/channel programs, API partner relationship management, support organization ticketing and management, business intelligence and analysis. Effective problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to evolve business and product strategy based on research, data and industry. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.