Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity This is an incredibly exciting time to join the Homes and Global Distribution team at Honeywell! Homes and Global Distribution is a leader in the home heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) controls and security markets, and a leading global distributor of security and fire protection products. In 2018, Honeywell will be spinning off the Homes and Global Distribution business into a stand-alone, publicly traded company. Being a stand-alone company will provide the business the independence, focus, direct financial resources, and flexibility required to adapt quickly to market and customer dynamics, and we want you to be part of its evolution. The ITSM Sr. Systems Administrator is responsible for all aspects of the ITSM tool (ServiceNow) and environments (Incident, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Asset & Config management), integration into ServiceNow, the service catalog and Request management. This position works closely with business and IT teams to gather input to support ongoing business needs, define requirements, identify solutions through existing functionality or customizations as well as help develop requirements, test and implementation plans and upgrades. This role assumes a high degree of knowledge in the ServiceNow platform, Service Catalog functionality and Integrations. Extensive knowledge of Asset and Config Management is a highly desirable. The incumbent in this role will receive general direction regarding the determination of priorities, the scope and approach to projects or assignments and is expected to operate with a high degree of independence and professional judgment to solve complex problems in the performance of assigned duties. In addition, the incumbent in this role must be customer focused, have outstanding communication skills and a willingness to be a team player within a collaborative environment. Requirements Solid understanding of all ITSM functions and interdependencies, including Asset and Config Management Ability to manage multiple and conflicting priorities. Ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels of an organization. Good analytical and creative problem solving skill. Effective written and verbal communication. Proficient use in software programs such as Microsoft Office. Technical expertise in identifying, evaluating, and developing ITSM solutions that meet business requirements Create service definitions and provide governance to all ITSM processes Coordinate the introduction of new or updated ITSM services Develop metrics to measure efficiency and effectiveness of the service catalog, delivery and end user experience 15 Ability to manage multiple and conflicting priorities 15 Ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels of an organization 20 Effective written and verbal communication 10 Proficient use in software programs such as Microsoft Office 40 Solid understanding of all ITSM functions and interdependencies YOU MUST HAVE Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology / Computer Science or related field 5-10 years of relevant experience will be considered in lieu of a degree WE VALUE Conveys information with clarity and directness, ensuring the message is understood across diverse, global teams. Operations/ project management/ client relations experience Awareness of agile methodologies Experience in continuous improvement and risk assessment Ability to translate and deliver on business needs Effectively demonstrates ability to deliver on complex situations or problems without guidance or supervision. Achieving "fast and right" results in a matrixed environment Knowledge of Microsoft Office 365, ITIL foundation certification preferred Quickly and accurately identifies even subtle interrelationships and patterns among a variety of problems and issues. Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Some Travel Required ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD36776 Category: Information Technology Location: 1300 W Warner Rd., Tempe, AZ 85284 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.