Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. Convoy offers the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through its network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Shippers get instant quotes, real- time GPS tracking on all shipments, and actionable business analytics to improve their supply chain. Trucking companies get access to free tools and resources that allow them to find loads they want, drive fuller trucks, and get paid quickly. Convoy is growing quickly and hiring in every area. Come join a company that is literally moving the world forward! Founded in 2015, Convoy is backed by this century's leading disruptors, including the founders and CEOs of Amazon, Salesforce, eBay, Linkedin, Expedia, Dropbox, KKR, Starbucks, and others. About you: As a member of the programs and expansion team for our brokerage ops team, you will collaborate across the organization to lend analytical support to a variety of experiments centered around marketplace building. You think strategically, and can own a problem end to end. Key areas of investment could include developing forecasting models, building growth & sales metrics, & custom dashboards, & interfacing directly with carriers. You will take ownership of: Driving analysis. Partner regularly with internal Supply/Carrier leaders on data analysis, experimentation, and reporting projects Developing and optimizing processes. Scale new and existing processes to allow the business to efficiently operate and grow Working on special projects related to unlocking revenue growth and scaling Convoy’s market expansion Thinking strategically. Help align priorities, and set a timelines to reach goals quickly Being a key member of the Carrier Operations team - we’re a close-knit, scrappy team that are solving some of the most critical problems at Convoy You will have the following skills and experience BA required, MBA a plus 1+ years of experience in consulting, BI, strategy, or Data Analyst roles 1-3 years professional/business experience Exceptional Excel/Data management tools SQL proficiency strongly preferred Strong analytical skills – good at creating and analyzing business information, creating dashboards, tracking key business metrics Ability to break down high level business problems into concrete analytical solutions Superior organizational and time management skills; Ability to prioritize workload and manage multiple projects and tasks Strong communication and keen attention to detail Ability to excel in a dynamic work environment as an early member of a growing team Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we are actively seeking a diverse team. If you're a collaborative team player who wants to have an outsized impact with a small, tight-knit team, we'd love to hear from you!