Rally Health is all about putting health in the hands of the individual. It’s our mission, and it drives everything we do, which is to empower people with easy-to-use online and mobile tools that help them take charge of their health and health care, from improving their diet and fitness to selecting health benefits, and choosing the right doctor at the right price for their needs. Our culture is built on a deep and sincere commitment to helping people live healthier lives. To do this, we are committed to innovating at every level. As our president and COO David Ko says, “We are a company that continuously innovates. It cannot end. It has to be in everything we do, which means that some of the things we’re going to do are not going to work – and that’s okay. We’re not trying to build something that is churn and burn. We’re building something that follows consumers over their lifetime.” Responsibilities: Design, development, implementation and support of critical enterprise E2E Business Intelligence ETL solutions in Hadoop, sourcing data from HDFS, Amazon Redshift, MongoDB or Postgres environments and utilizing Python, Spark, and Hive. You will handle the product's or project’s conception, design initial product specifications and lead scheduling, estimating and securing of resources, as well as provide technical guidance to other internal and external teams Help to train new employees and stay ahead of industry trends and issues Maintain business partner engagement and setting expectations Assess current processes and recommending changes as needed Document and communicate technical specifications to ensure that proper and optimized techniques, queries, data standards and final outputs are understood and incorporated into data and analytics processes Participate in business analysis activities to capture required reporting and dashboard requirements Translate business requirements into specifications that will be used to implement the required user-friendly environments, reports and dashboards, built from potentially multiple data sources Qualifications: Advanced working knowledge and ability to write complex SQL and HQL queries in a HDFS environment Extensive hands-on experience working with Python and PySpark for the purposes of data transformations and ETL Strong familiarity with Kimball, OLAP, and EDW data design methodologies 8+ years experience in ETL, Data Engineering, or BI fields with concentration on data transformations Understanding of various data extraction and transformation techniques with data sourced in HDFS, MongoDB, and Postgres Working familiarity with Pentaho, Airflow, or Oozie Knowledge of Scala is a bonus Familiar with Data Visualization standard methodologies Ability to succeed in a dynamic, Agile environment Strong prioritization and time-management skills Dedication to team goals that include support of live 24/7 production systems A consummate collaborator, able to establish good relationships with technical, product, and business owners A champion of quality, able to QA and vouch for the integrity of the report output Why join Rally? On top of an innovative work atmosphere and a chance to help people change their lives, we offer competitive pay, daily catered lunches, and an extensive benefits package for all full-time employees (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). In addition, offer the ability to grow, while truly making an impact in the healthcare system. Rally Health is committed to ensuring that its workforce reflects America’s diverse population. Rally Health knows that such diversity will enrich us with the talent, energy, perspective and inspiration it needs to achieve its mission. Rally Health believes in a policy of equal employment and opportunity for all people based on merit and commitment to the principles of diversity. It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals in all job titles, and administer all programs, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, genetic information, disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, union affiliation, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Applicants who require an accommodation related to the application and/or review process should notify Talent Acquisition (recruiting@rallyhealth.com). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.