Our Enterprise Reporting and Analysis Team was established in early 2017 to develop a framework, structure, standards, and processes for reporting, analysis, and data provisioning at Ecolab. Our efforts will support both the immediate-term North America SAP implementation and the longer-term enterprise-wide vision, in both cases to ensure current capabilities are maintained, but also to identify and implement enhancements to our reporting and analysis capabilities at Ecolab. As the Visualization Expert/Power BI Developer, you will be a key member of our Enterprise Reporting and Analysis Team. This position will provide hands- on architectural and technical expertise to develop, implement and help govern reporting and analysis visualization standards across the Enterprise. The Visualization Expert/Power BI Developer will report to the Vice President of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis, and will collaborate with other Capability Leaders to ensure alignment across teams and platforms. This is a key role supporting Ecolab’s long-term Enterprise and Divisional Reporting strategy. What you will do: Build out enterprise reporting solutions for Division and Function stakeholders including Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Senior Business Leaders Partner with Project Managers, Architects, Business Analysts, Infrastructure teams, IT Security, business partners and vendors to define requirements and design data visualization solutions Work with business partners to define ways to leverage data to develop platforms and solutions that generate business insights to drive growth Minimum Qualifications: 7+ years of relevant work experience 3+ years of experience working on reporting and analytics projects 2+ years of hands-on experience with PowerBI and the use of data stored in Azure Cloud (other relevant platforms will be considered) Experience using of visualization best practices Visualization experience around building Reports and Reporting templates using data from various sources (Structured / non-Structured data, …) Experience reading and building data models Preferred Qualifications: Degree in data visualization, or related field. Experience with the large-scale migration of data from SAP to the Cloud An understanding of Big Data – for example, Hadoop and Spark and how to leverage these platforms Experience with DAX and leveraging within PowerBI Hands-on experience with analytics deployment in the cloud, preferably with Microsoft Azure Experience working with offshore teams Demonstrable skills around Advanced analytical thinking, problem solving and conceptual skills High level understanding of data governance and data quality processes Strong interpersonal skills to lead and work on cross-functional project teams – comfortable communicating to lead technical resources, business SME’s, and project sponsors. Ability to work independently, establishing strategic objectives, project plans, and milestones Travel will be 5% or less.