Teradata empowers companies to achieve high-impact business outcomes through analytics. With a powerful combination of Industry expertise and leading hybrid cloud technologies for data warehousing and big data analytics, Teradata unleashes the potential of great companies. Partnering with top companies around the world, Teradata helps improve customer experience, mitigate risk, drive product innovation, achieve operational excellence, transform finance, and optimize assets. Teradata is recognized by media and industry analysts as a future-focused company for its technological excellence, sustainability, ethics, and business value. The Teradata culture isn’t just about one kind of person. So many individuals make up who we are, making us that much more unique. It’s what sets apart the dynamic, diverse and collaborative environment that is Teradata. But even as individuals, there’s one thing that we all share —our united goal of making Teradata and our people the best we can be. Senior Artificial Intelligence Software Engineer Our Team The Artificial Intelligence Incubator is at the forefront of innovation in Artificial Intelligence and is responsible for creating artificial intelligence software solutions for large Enterprise needs –reliable, scalable and connected with our customers’ analytic and data management ecosystems. Our team needs your expertise to build a world-class team to deliver great software. Much like a new start up environment, our team is nimble with the ability to wear multiple hats and have a passion for learning new technologies. Our growth mindset means that the team will rely on you to help attract top talent and be the engineering leader of Artificial Intelligence initiatives for Teradata. Teradata has a great new story to tell and you will be part of this incubator to create new products and work closely with a cross-functional team to support lighthouse customers and drive to scale adoption. Bring your entrepreneurial spirit and ability to wear many hats to create a great team. Role and Responsibilities As an Artificial Intelligence software engineer, you will be responsible for designing and developing software products for machine and deep Learning, and integration of Artificial Intelligence capabilities into existing Teradata products. You will be responsible for writing product software code and tests, contributing to an agile team, and working to support customer usage of this software. You will be responsible for learning and supporting open source and commercial software for Artificial Intelligence to be used by customers. This role is part of a focused team that is incubating Artificial Intelligence offers within Teradata’s product organization. As a team member, you will collaborate with colleagues in the incubator and consultants who are working with customers to implement solutions. This is an Engineering position, which will provide for Research and Development activities Contribute to designing and building our next generation architecture for Artificial Intelligence capabilities Learn new technologies and techniques from efficient GPU programming, C, CUDA Design and develop great software for production use Define and deliver high quality APIs with well-encapsulated code Prototype new technologies and approaches to assess alternatives Perform high complexity integration testing, distributed development and validate integration Work as part of an agile team, delivering new functionality on a regular cadence Work in a collaborative and fast-paced fun team environment with effective communication and assisting peers. Be an asset and contributor to the team. Work with a group of Machine Learning engineers, data scientists and product management Distill business objectives into technical solutions through effective system design and architecture Show ownership and completion for delivery of technical functions Provide technical and analytical solutions to evaluate the merits and challenges of a product idea Responsible for prevention and early detection of defects through verification and validation activities ensuring the integrity and quality of all work products including automated tests. Experience, skills, and knowledge requirements Solid background in multiple programming languages e.g. Java, Python Solid background in object-oriented design Prior experience with distributed system development with micro services Prior experience with scalable infrastructure using technologies like Kubernetes, Kafka, ZooKeeper, etc… Experience developing service-oriented systems, REST Strong organizational and communication skills Preferred Qualifications Experience developing with a Deep Learning framework e.g. TensorFlow, Keras Experience automating production infrastructure at scale Experience building infrastructure monitoring, reporting, automation, or capacity management tooling Qualifications 5+ years of full time programming experience within an operations or technical department. 5+ years of direct experience with multiple agile teams. BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field. Our total compensation approach includes a competitive base salary, 401(k), strong work/family programs, and medical, dental and disability coverage. Teradata is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and commits to hiring returning veterans. Teradata is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and commits to hiring returning veterans.