POSITION SUMMARY The Awards team is responsible for all aspects of awards process for 80+ awards per year of varying profiles (including but not limited to Emmys, Golden Globes, Peabodys, AFI, SAG, NAACP, PGA, WGA, DGA, etc.) for all HBO and Cinemax series, movies, documentaries, sports, and specials. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Work on all aspects of awards entry process for all programming – breaking down credits, entry form work, accuracy checking, ordering and managing assets. Assist with ceremony logistics. Contribute to the accurate maintenance of the HBO/Cinemax awards database for thorough recordkeeping – update and track nominations and wins for all awards. Accuracy is crucial as these facts and statistics are sent company-wide and beyond. Maintain team calendar – track and update due dates, nomination announcements and ceremony dates. Maintain programming and company contact lists. Work collaboratively with other groups within HBO – Talent Relations, Programming, Production, Post Production, Business Affairs, Legal, etc. Work premieres, special events and award ceremonies as needed. Basic clerical work such as phones, travel, expense reports, etc. REQUIREMENTS Must be EXTREMELY organized, efficient yet thorough and obsessively detail-oriented. Must excel at time management, take initiative, successfully prioritize and accomplish multiple overlapping tasks in a fast-paced work environment without errors. Possess a positive, can-do attitude. Must be reliable and exhibit good judgment while not being afraid to ask questions. Must be able to work independently while being a team player. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must be able to work long hours as needed and be adept at handling pressure and stress. Entertainment-related experience with knowledge of television credits preferred. Will need to acquire a complete working knowledge of HBO programming. This position requires initiative, quick yet thoughtful problem solving and follow through. We’re looking forward to adding a new member to our great team.