SAP Cloud Architect- CDI Deloitte is an industry leader in our clients’ Digital transformations. We recognize that the backbone enabling our clients’ highest aspirations for analytics and cognitive solutions is next-gen Cloud infrastructure. From cloud consulting, to implementation, and ongoing managed services we offer a full scope of Cloud services and solutions. We want talent who is ready to innovate cloud services and empower our clients to leap frog forward in their technical capabilities. Building your career at Deloitte offers the opportunity to work with cutting-edge Cloud technologies to deliver next-Gen Cloud solutions. We embrace the tech pioneer mindset and always enable our talent to keep their skills evolving at the speed at which the technology marketplace is evolving. Cloud has transformed the way technology enables the business. It represents a radical shift in how IT services are obtained, used, and managed. Companies are navigating through the various cloud options and deciding between private, public, or a combination across different and dynamic provider ecosystems. Our employees are empowered to think outside of the box and provide innovative solutions to our customers. Work you’ll do Will engage with teams spearheading our efforts to build innovative hybrid cloud integration scenarios leveraging SAP HCP core integration services such as SAP API Business Hub, big data services, cloud foundry , Odata provisioning etc. to enable the provisioning, connectivity, security and integration of the SAP’s core Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solutions such as SAP SuccessFactors, SAP Ariba, SAP Hybris Cloud for Customer, SAP S4/HANA Cloud , SAP S/4HANA on- promise Enterprise Edition and integration with other cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP and Azure Integrate on-premise and cloud solutions to deliver hybrid cloud Create sophisticated extension scenarios crossing multiple cloud stacks, while reducing the development time and increasing delivery speed on SCP with AWS, GCP and Azure cloud platforms integration Act as an integration consultant in a multidisciplinary team that will be responsible for implementing customer projects on premise and/or on Cloud with SAP SCP as core integration platform Develop cloud integration scenarios for processes and data integration across multiple domains (Financial Services Network, Success factors, Cloud for Customers, Ariba, S/4HANA, Travel On Demand etc.) Design and implement new solutions using SAP’s latest Cloud and Platform technologies (Big Data, IoT , SAP Leonardo-Machine Learning and Cloud Foundry) Qualifications Required Degree in computer science or equivalent (Bachelor/Masters) Must have experience with cloud (AWS, Azure or GCP). Development experience or usage of connectivity technologies like HTTP (s), Odata, JMS, LDAP, SOAP, FTP, RFC, IDOC Experience integrating various SAP cloud applications such as Ariba, Concur, Hybris, field glass, SuccessFactors and S/4HANA Public Cloud Edition Knowledge of security challenges in deploying cloud and hybrid cloud applications Experience in SCP cloud services integration scenarios (Microservices, SAP JAM, Document Services, Mobile & Portal Service and Smart Business Services) Experience in integrating SCP with other 3rd SaaS applications such as workday and Salesforce Strong interpersonal, communication, negotiation and problem-solving skill 4+ years of relevant work experience Preferred: Knowledge/Experience in using Azure, AWS and Google GCP IaaS platforms Knowledge of serverless architecture Knowledge of enterprise mobility management How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html