Requisition ID: 27137 WindLogics provides innovative forecasting and optimization solutions that enable low cost, reliable and sustainable power systems. Position Specific Description We are seeking an experienced software engineer to work on some of our latest Java and JavaScript projects. The position will interact with all business units in WindLogics and will work in all phases of the software development life cycle including requirements gathering and refinement, system design, implementation and testing. Providing software development support for existing products is also required, including periodic after hours support for urgent issues. Qualified candidates will spend the majority of their time developing software that helps WindLogics provide innovative forecasting and optimization solutions. A desire to work with some of the latest Big Data technologies is required (but prior experience is not required). Required Skills: BS degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering with 2+ years of software development experience Experience in the following languages: Java, JavaScript Experience using Git for source code management Experience working with relational databases Experience using the Agile Scrum development process Preferred Skills: Experience working with NoSQL databases such as Cassandra, Spring framework including Spring Boot, Spark jobs using Scala, JavaScript frameworks such as D3.js or AngularJS, R and/or Python Job Overview This position writes and tests software to aid in development and support of products. Individuals in this role work with Technical Leads on software system architecture and module design and typically gains experience acting as the owner of a complete module in the system. This position participates in required product development process ceremonies. Employees in this role are responsible for writing and refining technical requirements and technical design documentation. Job Duties & Responsibilities Codes in multiple languages in support of software products and the development of software products Conducts system testing and codes unit tests and support features Documents technical requirement and other technical documentation Works with product team to refine product requirements Collaborates on high level software design projects Performs other job-related duties as assigned Required Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree Experience: 2+ years Preferred Qualifications None Employee Group: Exempt Employee Type: Full Time Job Category: Science, Research, and Technology Organization: WindLogics Inc Location: St. Paul, Minnesota Other Work Locations: Minnesota Relocation Provided: Yes, if applicable NextEra Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, national origin, religion, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetics, disability, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. If you require special support or accommodation while seeking employment with NextEra Energy, please send an e-mail to AskHR@NEE.com, providing your name, telephone number and the best time for us to reach you. Alternatively, you may call 1-844-694-4748 (Option 1, Press 6) between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. EST Monday- Friday. Please do not use this line to inquire about your application status. NextEra Energy will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. NextEra Energy does not accept any unsolicited resumes or referrals from any third-party recruiting firms or agencies. Please see our policy for more information. LI-NG1