The Office OneNote, Education, To-Do and Whiteboard organization is looking for a strong Technical Data & Business Analyst to join our Customer Insights & Data team to enable us to deeply understand and drive data-driven, high impact business decisions in our org, E&D; as well as the company-wide Education space. Responsibilities In this role, you’ll be joining a team hungry to learn, leverage and value your expertise to build our Data & Analytics capabilities and nourish our data-informed culture. You will have the opportunity to apply your skills in business analytics and reporting to define and measure the success of our businesses and help deliver insights to inform decisions for creating value for our customers, business and engineers. As part of this position, you will work on many different challenging data modeling & analytics problems across the breadth of the org to answer business questions, define hypotheses and establish success criteria. The successful candidate will have experience analyzing data from a wide range of datasets and across a breadth of technology platforms to model and build data solutions that address our challenges. We are looking for people who see challenges as opportunities; who can look at complex data problems, model & visualize them, provide actionable insights and build appropriate data solutions to enable sustainable and effective tool that drive informed decisions. If you enjoy variety in projects, have strong data modeling, analytical, presentation, and business data visualization skills and want to work in a fun and highly collaborative environment, then this is the job for you. Qualifications For this senior technical data and business analyst position, the ideal candidate will have ample experience in working with both internal and cross Microsoft teams to identify analytical needs and create analysis plans, identify and source required data and measures to ultimately deliver and present insights to broad audiences, ranging from engineers to CVPs. On the reporting front, ability to design report navigation and multi-level reports to drill into details as well as dashboards & scorecards, as well as knowledge of proper & optimal data visualization techniques (e.g. Tufte, Stephen Few) partnered with effective storytelling capabilities is a must.. On the technical front, we are looking for strong SQL and Excel skills, U-SQL and/or Scope knowledge (at minimum willingness to learn) and solid understanding of Power BI (reports, dashboards, Scorecards; metrics, KPIs). We have bet on Azure, so experience on it is very desirable. On the collaboration front, the ideal candidate will have experience driving partnerships, managing dependencies, collaborative prioritization, sizing/estimation of tasks into realistic schedules, and Agile development practices. We look for the closest fit to this profile as possible, and a willingness to learn and grow in the other areas as we work on our challenging projects. Other Qualifications: 5 or more years of experience in a data analyst role. Experience with agile principles & practices, GIT/VSO preferred. Ability to understand and translate business and product questions into data & analytics projects. Ability to articulate vision, requirements, and benefits to business and engineering partners. Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively with stakeholders, partner engineering teams, and subject matter experts. Creativity to find pragmatic paths through ambiguity. Ability to communicate and collaborate with people representing diverse points of view. Willingness to work in a start-up type environment with evolving responsibilities and a wide variety of work. Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related fields, or sufficient experience in these areas. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.