The Senior Information Security Analyst position requires the ability to conduct compliance and security assessments in a very complex and large organization and it also requires some technical knowledge. Great communication and organizational skills are integral to being successful in this role. The IT Security - Risk Management and Consulting team—of which this position is on-provides guidance to the organization; thereby, the person in this role needs to possess a leadership mindset. Over the next year the person in the position is expected to help with: 1\. Expanding the maturity of the existing risk management process into a robust risk management program. Doing so requires that the person in the position possess analytical skills to perform security assessments using a variety of tools—some of which the professional in this position may need to create. 2\. Improving the risk and compliance management processes through orientation and execution of a granular risk assessment process. We need to accomplish this for the entire organization. Corrective action planning, follow-up and roadmap tracking/guidance will be a key function of this position. 3\. Understanding education, healthcare and research business operations and provide guidance to the organization. The position will also provide guidance/leadership in the creation and modification of security policies, procedures, guidance documents and security information/awareness efforts. Accomplishing the above goals will require talking to many different people some of whom are not IT folks, but rather business leaders throughout the organization. It will also require a lot of paperwork, reports and follow-up e-mails and meetings. And, at the heart of it all you still need to be technical so that you can measure and communicate the relevant risks and possible solutions. CERTIFICATIONS/SKILLS: Complex problem-solving skills; ability to think independently as well as work in a dynamic team group; ability to work within tight deadlines; strong organizational skills; excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to configure and administer Windows and VMware servers and desktops; working knowledge of UNIX-based systems. Preferred: Relevant security, audit or networking certifications (CISSP, CISA, CISM, GIAC, Cisco); web application security; programming, Linux system administration, database administration; network architecture design; incorporating security into SDLC. MINIMUM EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree, training in information technology or related experience in lieu of education. MINIMUM EXPERIENCE: Three years of experience in information technology support or information technology auditing. One to two years direct involvement with security platforms deployed as part of an enterprise-level Information Security program. Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 20 pounds frequently and/or up to 10 pounds constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215