bout the role. . . Do you like helping customers and partners solve technical problems? Would you like to do this using the latest cloud computing technologies? Do you have a knack for helping people understand technology? If the answer is Yes, Logic20/20 is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Seattle-area-based team. This is a great opportunity to have a positive impact on a variety of different key areas in the Company. The role will be responsible for providing technology services to a major local client through a managed cloud service offering. About you. . . The ideal candidate is someone who: Enjoys engaging with people Relishes taking on challenges Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better Has a passion for technology Improves processes and approach, in a large IT organizations. Quantifies the efficiency of your own work and works towards success. Validates consistency, accuracy, and completeness of the data, identify patterns in systematic data issues and propose robust solutions. Applies your 6 Sigma skills in IT. Qualifications. . . Identified data issues, performs RCA and provides optimal solutions Creates and overall picture of old, new and potential data issues - across the organization and conceptualizes solutions - then works with the team to implement. Quantifies the impact of the data cleansing efforts Master certified in Six Sigma Consulting experience MDM - master data management DMM / CMMI certification SQL _About the team. . ._ Work within a team focused on overall corporate strategy, in shared service engineering teams. About Logic20/20. . . Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.