Purpose Provide accounting support for the construction and renovation project delivery units within Planning, Energy, and Facilities portfolio. Responsible for processing account funding, contract maintenance, payment transactions, reconciliation, closeout, reporting, and ensuring records are complete. Essential Functions Prepare funding, encumbrance, payments, and correction vouchers via DEFINE WEB. Verification of all information required. Accuracy is a must regarding object codes, amounts, accounts, and vendor setup. Coordinate, create, update, and verify supporting documentation data, spreadsheets tracking, log records for project management files and accurately maintain files on all projects. Provide consistent, timely, and reliable communication via e-mail or other medium to project managers regarding status of projects such as funding, billing exception errors, and project close-out statements. Post project funding and/or cost information to FAMIS that is not downloaded from DEFINE to FAMIS immediately after processing electronic vouchers to ensure prompt and accurate billings to clients. Accuracy is a must regarding amount, reference number, work order number, account, etc. Prepare or verify various ad hoc and funding reports and/or analysis as needed by the Director's office or client organizations to provide accurate financial data./ Perform final reconciliation and project close out once project management closes out their processes and assigns it to accounting. Reconcile accounts, lapse funds, audit project documents to verify they have been clearly imaged and saved for records retention, close projects and provide a final financial statement as projects are completed. Return unused funds back to the original funding sources for future project use. Apply applicable rules, regulations and policies to ensure financial transactions are consistent with university policies and communicate with architects, engineers, directors, department heads, and deans regarding construction projects. Attend meetings as the Department liaison to provide accounting expertise or to assist and answer any financial related questions. Participate in hiring committees as requested. Act as backup for co-workers. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Licenses: Class "C" Operator's Driver's License. Applicant selected must provide a current three year Driving Record from the current state of residence. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver's License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Required qualifications High school graduation or GED, supplemented by college courses in accounting, bookkeeping or equivalent experience. Four to six years of experience in governmental or commercial accounting at a level comparable to that of an Accounting Clerk III. Fully skilled in the operation of a ten-key adding machine and calculator. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Skills scores Spelling (score on file) Typing (score on file) Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in accounting, business or related field and more than two years of commercial accounting experience or equivalent area of complexity. UT Austin experience desired, with proficiency in DEFINE. Familiar with UT Austin vouchering and accounting policies and procedures. Experience processing web- based documents. Experience with electronic accounting and work management systems. Excellent problem solving skills. Excellent customer service ability. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Demonstrated ability to take initiative and work both independently and as a team member without day-to-day supervision. Ability to multi-task and to prioritize. Demonstrated ability to work under pressure of deadlines, while maintaining a high level of accuracy and attention to detail. Excellent organization skills. Demonstrated proficiency in gathering, analyzing, presenting financial data, and making recommendations. Experience with accounts receivable and cash handling. Experience providing customer service. Professional demeanor. Completion of the Facilities Services and PMCS Leadership Development Program. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus