At Open Access Technology International, Inc. (OATI), your career is always on the move. Our employees have expertise across diverse verticals and technology platforms. OATI combines the agility of a small company with the stability of a large company. We have built a nurturing and rewarding culture diligently over the last 20 years. Our work culture is collaborative and we encourage every Team Member to go beyond their defined roles and learn more. If you are looking for an energetic, challenging, and rewarding career, then OATI is the place to be! OATI Network Administration team is growing and we’re looking for qualified candidates to fill mid-level through senior-level positions. OATI Network Administrators work with other members of the IT Department to support all aspects of the Network Infrastructure. A successful candidate will have experience working with network infrastructure devices and protocols, and a proven ability to design, deploy, and maintain solutions supporting high- availability network infrastructures. Candidates must be highly motivated and will be required to respond to and provide resolutions to problems on a timely basis. This position involves the planning, configuring, managing, monitoring, and troubleshooting of a variety of network systems. Working as part of a team you may be required to perform these tasks on: switches, routers, load balancers, firewalls, intrusion detection systems, IP telephony systems, wireless network devices, VPN devices, and other supporting LAN/WAN infrastructure components. Candidates with extensive experience designing, maintain, and supporting IT infrastructure are highly encouraged to apply. Minimum Qualifications : At least 5 years of experience and/or industry certifications/degree such as: Cisco-CCNP/CCIE F5-CA/CTS/CSE Arista-ACE/ALE/APE CompTIA-Network+/Security+ Aruba-ACMA/ACMP/ACMX/ACSA/ACSP Wireshark-WCNA A.S./A.A.S in Information Technology, Network Administration, Computer Science, or related field; Bachelor’s degre preferred 24/7 availability as part of an on-call rotation Valid U.S. driver’s license Acceptable background investigation report Ability to pass criminal background, drug screening, and credit checks U.S. citizen Preferred Skills in One or More Areas : Cisco routing, including experience with dynamic routing protocols (BGP, EIGRP, OSPF) Cisco switching, including an understanding of VLANs, trunking, and spanning-tree Building and supporting Cisco ASA and/or Palo Alto firewalls Cisco voice network solutions including: Call Manager, Unity, and Jabber Support and troubleshoot wireless network technologies (Cisco and Aruba preferred) Troubleshooting connection issues on data circuits (T1, T3, Metro Ethernet) Using network monitoring tools to identify and respond to network related problems HP or Arista switching Experience deploying or supporting F5 load balancing solutions (LTM/DNS) Support of remote access VPN solutions Experience working with various IDS/IPS platforms Support of Cisco ACS or ISE authentication systems Knowledge and capability with Wireshark for packet capturing and analysis OATI offers full-time employment with competitive salary and benefits, including 401(k) plan with company match, paid time off, and excellent health and dental insurance programs, as well as a career with growth and stability. Applicants must be self-motivated, energetic, and willing to work in a team- oriented company. _OATI is an EEO/AA employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, familial status, membership or activity in a local human rights commission, or status with regard to public assistance, or protected Veteran status._