The Sculpture Program at Tyler School of Art, Temple University is seeking a full-time technician to maintain and manage an extensive sculpture studio. The Sculpture Technician will be expected to work in coordination with the Department Chair, Program Head and faculty. Primary responsibilities include studio management; shop supervision of student workers; safety of studio users and compliance with university safety regulations; and welding, metal fabrication, and woodworking. Performs other related duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: At least 2 years directly related experience required. Knowledge of all aspects of sculpture studio practice. Management, organizational, and record- keeping skills. All interested applicants must provide evidence of competence in the areas listed below: _Welding_ -to include knowledge of TIG, MIG, Oxy- Acetylene, and stick electrode welding, plasma cutting. _Metal Fabrication_ \- basic forging, and basic cold fabrication and machining techniques, including knowledge of Hossfeld bender and steel brake. _Woodworking_ \- Proficiency in fine and rough carpentry techniques- this includes use of table saw, radial arm saw, lathe, bandsaws, all abrasive equipment, router and mortising equipment, planer, and jointer. Joinery and carving techniques. Required Skills & Abilities: Demonstrated ability in sculpture techniques and studio knowledge. Strong collaboration and customer service skills and ability to be an enthusiastic and supportive participant of the Tyler community. Demonstrated organizational skills, along with the ability to be detail oriented, able to multi-task efficiently in a studio setting. Willingness to be self-motivated and work independently. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to attend training classes on use of specific tools. Ability to work occasional nights and/or weekends and respond to emergency calls. Must be willing and able to work with other studio disciplines and technicians as needed. Must be able to remain current with technology, tools, and techniques appropriate to the needs of the studio and learn new skills, as necessary. Preferred: Bachelor’s degree. Experience with digital fabrication tools and processes. This position requires a background check Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.