FIND YOUR FIT with Payless ShoeSource as the Social Media Manager in our new Dallas location! You know who you are. And you know what moves you. That's why your chosen career should fit you as well as your favorite pair of shoes, every step of the way. And that's what makes a career with Payless ShoeSource the perfect fit for you. Position Overview: The Social Media Manager will be a key contributor to the Marketing organization and responsible for driving traffic to Payless brick and mortar stores, as well as Payless.com, through implementation of Payless’s social and content marketing efforts. This includes driving ROI through paid social channels, social and content engagement/promotional strategy, developing brand awareness, and executional oversight. Responsibilities Lead paid social media efforts to drive customer acquisition, win-back and engagement while delivering strong ROI Utilize first party audience segmentation to deliver personalized experience and effectiveness of media spend Lead growth of influencer marketing to extend reach and strengthen brand positioning Hands on leadership position that will manage programs as well as provide leadership, guidance, and oversight to social/content and cross-functional teams Lead social integration across store, online and offline media channels Oversee day-to-day social media activities which include curation and distribution of diverse content, driving user engagement, and building the Payless brand Manage social and content calendars Regularly communicate insights gained from social media monitoring to the director in an effort to help the company evolve its strategies Experiment with new and alternative ways to leverage social media activities to gain insights into customer behavior and buying patterns Manage current vendor relationships, evaluate new vendors as needed Qualifications Minimum 5 years of social media/content marketing experience in professional environment 2-3 years’ experience managing social media campaigns Effective project manager with outstanding conceptual, analytical and strategic skills Strong ability to be agile and innovative in a fast-paced, test and learn environment Team player with strong leadership, mentoring and coaching abilities; comfort leading in a complex and changing environment Highly motivated with a passion for paid social media, social marketing, creating content, and community participation Acute knowledge of emerging trends and technologies Knowledge of multi-channel marketing technologies, principles, and processes Social media experience in a multi-unit retail environment at the retailer or agency Payless ShoeSource is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce. Payless ShoeSource is the second largest specialty family footwear retailer in the world, offering a wide range of fashionable shoes and accessory items at affordable prices for every member of the family. The company’s mission is simple: Become the Go To, Get More, Pay Less shoe store for our customers. Payless has more about 3,500 stores in more than 30 countries and was founded in 1956 in Topeka, Kansas. During the summer of 2018, Payless ShoeSource will be opening an additional corporate location in Bryan Tower Dallas, Texas 75201. Located in the City Center District, Bryan Tower can be accessed utilizing DART and numerous interstate highways.