Job Description We are looking for a candidate with 3+ years of experience in a Data Analyst role, who has attained an undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Economics or another quantitative field. Successful candidate should be able to apply statistical and machine learning methods to analyze large, complex data sets and communicate the results and methods clearly. Minimum Requirements Be part of a multi-year program to build and deliver a centralized customer model implemented as a "Platform As a Service" from the ground-up. Ability to synthesize quantitative results to determine implications and make actionable recommendations. Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. Discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS technologies. Work closely with product owners and other team members to meet delivery goals. Work with data science and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems. Working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. Passion for object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, SPARK, SCALA etc. Experience designing and implementing Machine Learning models. Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets. Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets. Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores. Project management and organizational skills. Company Summary Pizza Hut, a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE: YUM), serves and delivers more pizzas than any other pizza company in the world. With easy order options including the Pizza Hut app, mobile site, Facebook and Twitter messenger and Amazon devices, Pizza Hut is committed to providing an easy pizza experience – from order to delivery. Founded in 1958, Pizza Hut has become the most-recognized pizza restaurant in the world, operating more than 16,400 restaurants in more than 100 countries. Pizza Hut is also the proprietor of The Literacy Project, an initiative designed to enable access, empower teachers and inspire a lifelong love of reading. The program is rooted in the foundation set by the Pizza Hut BOOK IT! Program, which is the longest-running corporate supported literacy program, impacting more than 14 million students each year. For more information, visit www.pizzahut.com . Follow Pizza Hut on Facebook (www.facebook.com/PizzaHut ), Twitter (www.twitter.com/pizzahut ) and Instagram (www.instagram.com/pizzahut ).