Project Architect - ( 149621 ) Description About Us We believe our greatest investment is in our people. We empower our employees to grow as individuals and contribute toward making our world a better place. Together, we can make modern cities more efficient, improve the quality of healthcare and provide cleaner drinking water. We design solutions to the world’s greatest challenges. At HDR, we specialize in architecture, engineering, environmental and construction services. While we are most well-known for adding beauty and structure to communities through high-performance buildings and smart infrastructure, we provide much more than that. We create an unshakable foundation for progress because our multidisciplinary teams also include scientists, economists, builders, analysts and artists. That’s why we believe diversity is our greatest strength. HDR is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. Watch our 'About Us' video We believe that the way we work can add meaning and value to the world. That ideas inspire positive change. That coloring outside the lines can illuminate fresh perspectives. And that small details yield important realizations. Above all, we believe that collaboration is the best way forward. About the Seattle Office The Seattle office is committed to design excellence, high performance building and client service. We believe that design can elevate the human experience. We are looking for a Project Architect to lead and mentor team members on a variety of projects as an integral member of the Seattle team as we continue to grow our practice. Essential Duties and Responsibilities The Project Architect will lead the execution of design and coordination on health projects. The ideal candidate is proactive, will engage in creative problem solving, and will successfully lead a collaborative team of experts. Fluency in health codes and performance criteria is key. LI-TT1 Qualifications Required Qualifications Candidates should submit both a resume and portfolio to be considered. Candidates must possess the desire to pursue growth opportunities, and possess a passion for succeeding in a team environment. An attitude and commitment to being an active participant of our employee-owned culture is a must. 5-10 years of professional experience, including health care projects Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Architecture. Web based or Electronic Portfolio required for consideration. Experience with Revit Architecture and BIM strategies preferred. Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Project) required. Experience and/or interest in sustainable design/LEED are required. Preferred Qualifications Architect license, or progress toward licensure Health, EST, or Civic experience. Local candidates preferred. Why HDR? At HDR, we know work isn’t only about who you work for; it’s also about what you do and how you do it. Led by the strength of our values and a culture shaped by employee ownership, we network with each other, build on each other’s contributions, and collaborate together to make great things possible. When you join HDR, we give you license to do the same. We help you take charge of your career, giving you multiple growth opportunities along the way. So, what are you waiting for? Come grow with us! We believe diversity is our greatest strength. HDR is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. Primary Location : United States-Washington-Seattle Industry : Architecture Schedule : Full-time Employee Status : Regular BusinessClass : Healthcare Architecture Job Posting : May 17, 2018