Working as a Senior Customer Analyst on the Snacks Ahold / Delhaize Sales Team, you will unleash your passion for analytics to uncover unique trends and insights. Supporting our 3rd largest customer with your can-do, go-getter, team-player work ethic, you will not only keep the pace, but set it. At Kellogg, we are passionate about our brands, business and our outstanding food. Are you ready to create “uncommonly good” magic with an industry leader? HERE’S A TASTE OF WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING Analyzing Data – You’ll be the team’s primary analytic resource, evaluating Nielsen data while focusing on pricing and promotion. We’re looking to you to identify key distribution, pricing and placement opportunities that can grow the business. Does this bring out the Tiger in you? Providing Insights – As the expert on our sales metrics, you will work closely with Account Executives, Sales Directors and Category Management to review business trends and provide your input on opportunities to improve profit and gross sales volume. Got an idea? We’d love to hear it. Maximize Business Processes – You’ll utilize retailer systems to set up items and promotions. You’ll build tools to aid the sales team’s business understanding. You’ll track key performance metrics like Sales Growth and Share against key benchmarks, while keeping up with our weekly, monthly and ad-hoc deliverables. Our success is shaped by you. YOUR RECIPE FOR SUCCESS Required : High School Degree/GED Experience in an analytical role Financial acumen Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications with advanced expertise in Excel and experience building PowerPoint presentations Ability to manage multiple and sometimes conflicting priorities, extended work schedules and specific time constraints Demonstrated ability to learn new systems quickly Bonus Points : Bachelor’s degree Previous experience communicating complex and/or detailed information to multiple individuals/audiences with differing knowledge levels, both verbally and in writing Advanced technical ability in Access, Nielsen, IRI Excel and Point of Sale (POS) data Understanding of promotional methodology and management WHAT’S NEXT The ideal candidate will reside in either the Philadelphia, PA or Charlotte, NC metro areas and will work regularly from a local office location. Offices are located in Fort Washington, PA and Huntersville, NC. It’s best to apply today, because job postings can be taken down and we wouldn’t want you to miss this opportunity. To learn more about what’s next, click on one of the links below: Kellogg K-Values New Hire Benefits Guide THE FINER PRINT Travel 15% of the time is required in this role The ability to work a full shift, come to work on time, work overtime as needed and the ability to work according to the necessary schedule to meet job requirements with or without reasonable accommodation is an essential function of this position. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, disability, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, sexual orientation, age, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Where required by state law and/or city ordinance; this employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. For additional information, please follow this Link for English or this Link for Spanish. GROW With Us. Kellogg Recruitment Job Function : Sales and Category Management Primary Location : USA-PA-Philadelphia Other Locations : USA-NC-Charlotte Job Type : Professional Closing Date : Sep 9, 2018, 10:59:00 PM Relocation Assistance : Yes