Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smart, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play. SUMMARY Hulu is seeking an Administrative Assistant I who will be an exceptional addition to our Business Operations team. As an Administrative Assistant I at Hulu, you will support the Head of Business Development and provide administrative support for the entire Business Operations team. You also will work closely with the executive suite (CEO’s office) and provide support when needed. The right person for this role is a detail-oriented individual who is capable of achieving results in a very fast paced and constantly changing environment. If you are someone who has strong organizational skills, exercises high judgement, has effective communication skills, and anticipates needs, then this is a great role for you. WHAT YOU’LL DO Manage the Head of Business Development and Director of Business Operations’ calendars, process expense reports, and assist with tracking action items Support the Business Operations team by coordinating large meetings, tracking project progress, and organizing project materials, including preparing PowerPoint decks Provide phone coverage and assist in administrative tasks (scanning, shipping, expense reports) for the assistant to the CEO when needed Be a positive influence and go-to person for the Business Operations team WHAT TO BRING Bachelor’s degree, ideally with a background or interest in business operations and strategy Organized mindset – must be extremely organized and detail oriented. Must be able to keep track of and organize multiple ongoing projects that the Business Operations team is working on Excellent verbal and written communications skills - must be able to interface with a wide variety of individuals, at all levels of the business “Get it done” and “can-do” mentality – must be able to make decisions and execute quickly and efficiently, picking up new skills quickly when necessary Extremely high judgement – must have maturity to handle confidential information and serve as representative of Hulu Creativity in seeking solutions to obstacles and identifying opportunities to improve processes Strong technical proficiency in all Microsoft applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook) and ideally a human resource information system Proven skills at building and maintaining business relationships NICE-TO-HAVES Developed understanding of business operations and development Introduction to internal systems: Workday, Tableau Desire to learn and interest in growing into a career in business operations/strategy