This title is in a Civil Service competitive class that is subject to examination. Position is only open to candidates with permanent NYC Civil Service status as Computer Specialist (Software). Position Summary: The Division of Specialized Instruction and Student Support (DSISS) is seeking an experienced Data Manager to be part of the MIS/Analytics Team. DSISS is engaged in a multi-year, system-wide reform of special education and is building the capacity to close the achievement gap and improve compliance with key special education indicators. Under the direction of the Director of Data, Reporting and Analytics, with wide latitude for independent initiative and judgment, the Data Manager will support this reform by providing broad functional and technical expertise in design and development efforts, including database governance, database management, development standards, and best practices. The Data Manager will lead efforts in the design, development and maintenance of a special education database management systems to support the reform. Performs related work. Reports to: Director of Data, Reporting and Analytics Direct Reports: Consultants, as needed Key Relationships : The Database Manager will work closely with the senior leadership of the division’s Data Team and with key members of many other DOE offices, including the Division of Instructional and Information Technology (DIIT), the Office of School Support and Supervision (OSS&S;), the Division of Teaching and Learning (DT&L;), the Office of General Counsel (OGC), and the Office of Student Enrollment (OSE). Responsibilities _Data Governance_ Review existing data management practices and lead the development and implementation of a strategic plan for the MIS/Analytics data management team. Using complex systems analysis, identify database requirements by working collaboratively with reporting and analytics team to determine business requirements and lead the development of a database model to support State reporting, Jose P. and Mayor’s Management Reports. Analyze and evaluate disparate DOE data systems by utilizing advance SQL design processes, such as STAR schema, indexing, and Erwin Diagramming. Develop and manage all database processes to continually improve data management practices. _Data Management_ Create and administer database objects (tables, forms, queries/views, reports, and functions, etc.) from design to deployment and utilize subject matter expertise to design or re-use, configure, and implement database solutions/processes that maximize system availability efficiently and effectively. Incorporate sound data management processes and practices so as to preserve data integrity, recoverability, and supportability. Manage day-to-day maintenance of special education data marts to ensure critical compliance and reporting needs are met including those required by Jose P Stipulation, reporting requirements related to the special education process. Serve as data management business lead supporting the data warehouse project, a mayoral initiative outlined in the NYC Department of Education: SESIS Assessment Report. Work collaboratively with DIIT in the development of a special education data warehouse. _Documentation_ Design data flow diagrams and data models. Work with staff to create the end user documentation and training materials to be used throughout the life of the database. Qualification Requirements: Minimum Position is only open to candidates with permanent NYC Civil Service status as Computer Specialist (Software). _Plus_ Ability to write complex SQL queries, stored procedures, triggers and views and programs. Strong understanding of relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices. Knowledge of data warehousing, dimensional design/modeling and ETL architectures. Ability to prioritize a heavy workload with minimum supervision. Superior documentation skills. Advanced knowledge of SQL, SSIS, and SSAS. Ability to combine data from various sources for use in reporting, analysis, and to support decision-making. Must be self-motivated and self-managed with strong organizational and time management skills. Advanced Excel, Access and VBA skills. Ability to work independently. Ability to thrive in and enjoy working in a team-oriented, results-driven high-pressure environment. Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks and deadlines. Preferred Experience working with complex systems development, data warehousing, data management, or MIS reporting. Experience or working knowledge of the public sector and/or interest in public education. Knowledge of New York City Department of Education processes and systems. Familiarity with New York State Special Education laws, policies and practices. Internal candidates preferred. Salary: $79,472+ (Internal candidates who are selected for this position and who currently hold comparable or less senior positions within the DOE will not make less than their current salary.) Please include a resume and cover letter with your application. Applications will be accepted through August 24, 2018 until 3:00 p.m. NOTE: The filling of all positions is subject to budget availability and/or grant funding. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER It is the policy of the Department of Education of the City of New York to provide educational and employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, creed, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship status, age, marital status, partnership status, disability, sexual orientation, gender (sex), military status, prior record of arrest or conviction (except as permitted by law), predisposing genetic characteristics, or status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual offenses and stalking, and to maintain an environment free of harassment on any of the above-noted grounds, including sexual harassment or retaliation. Inquiries regarding compliance with this equal opportunity policy may be directed to: Office of Equal Opportunity, 65 Court Street, Room 1102, Brooklyn, New York 11201, or visit the OEO website at http://schools.nyc.gov/OEO Required Skills Required Experience