AppZen is the world’s first and only artificial intelligence (AI) company for back-office automation. We are disrupting the back office – starting with expense audit, making it 10x more efficient at half the cost. AppZen’s patented AI technology automatically audits 100% of T&E; expenses and provides real-time compliance to the IRS regulations, FCPA and company policies. We’re a fast growing B2B SaaS company funded by top Silicon Valley VCs and have a rapidly growing portfolio of Fortune 500 customers. As a QA Analyst, you will work with our engineering and product management teams to make sure everything we build is both testable and tested. You’ll be involved from the early stages of new feature development to help us architect solutions which are built for testability from the ground up. By being involved from the beginning you’ll be able to ensure that the new features we ship have strong test coverage and that will continue to function reliably as the product continues to evolve. You should have a real passion for finding bugs, understand the different testing methodologies and be comfortable with a high degree of ambiguity. This is a unique opportunity to be part of a team building products never before seen in the industry. Responsibilities: Perform manual end-to-end testing on new features. Perform manual regression tests on some areas of the product. Participate in engineering and product planning to make sure new code is written with testing in mind. Author functional test cases for product enhancements and modifications (test scenarios, conditions and data) and assist with maintaining and improving existing test cases. Work closely with product, UX, and engineering teams to ensure newly delivered features meet customer needs and are consistent across the product. Become a subject matter expert that bridges the gaps between development, product, UX, and support. Requirements Must be a self-starter who truly enjoys working in a fast-paced startup environment Attention to detail Analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude Strong organizational skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills MS/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent preferred Entrepreneurial spirit and a thirst for learning