Are you interested in learning and growing each day? Join us, and unleash your potential while delivering value-centric solutions for one of the world's most recognized brands in the automotive Industry. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional Database Administrator who will play a key role for all aspects of the design, development and delivery of data and database standards and solutions, responsible for building and architecture to support Disaster Recovery, High Availability, and replication for database. This position will ensure that all database implementations are consistent with enterprise standards. Perform knowledge transfer and maintain standards to operations so that they can manage and maintain the solution efficiently in an extensible and sustainable 24x7 operational model. Support the application delivery and operation teams from design through implementation and on-going projects. This is a 7 month contract with potential to extend longer. Responsibilities: All aspects of database support: Design to the implementation of both transactional and analytical systems. Support projects throughout entire life cycle and planned timeline. Develop strategies and solutions for back-up, restoration, and replication for database. Plan, design, and implement DBaaS. Evaluate, perform POC, and implement new technologies on RDBMS and NoSQL database. Develop scripts to automate tasks, procedures and functions to optimize database environment. Design, development, and administration of solutions using RDS, Redshift and other AWS platforms. Work with the team to continually extend and modify the capabilities of the company's Cloud offerings. Requirements: 6 years SQL Server design, implementation and administration, SQL Server 2008 and later, SSRS, SSAS and SSIS. 7 Years Oracle design, implementation and administration, Oracle 11g and 12c. 2 Years of design, implementation and administration of Oracle 11g & 12c RAC/ASM, Data Guard, and Encryption. 2 years of design, implementation and administration of SQL Server replication and/or AlwaysOn Availability Groups. 1 Year of design, implementation and administration of databases in the public cloud environment such as Amazon AWS, MS Azure, IBM, etc., 1 Year of design, implementation and administration of open source databases such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis, etc., 1 Year of AWS RDS, Redshift, EC2, and S3 deployment experience & working knowledge in AWS cloud solutions. 1 Year of experience of designing, implementing, and supporting Database as a Service(DBaaS) in private and public cloud. Preferred Skills: Working knowledge of database data encryption at rest and in transit. Working knowledge of enterprise class SAN and NAS solutions. Understanding of scripting on various AWS services like Cloud Formation Templates, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, and encryption. Understanding of containerization such as Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift. Understanding of system management languages such as Chef, Terraform, Ansible. Understanding of Quest (DELL) SharePlex Replication Technology. Understanding of Delphix Data Virtualization tool. Understanding of PowerShell, Python and/or other scripting languages. Understanding of DevOps automation. Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us : Orange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.