As a Distinguished Data Scientist, you will provide data science and machine learning leadership to guide our technology direction and product vision and achieve tactical and strategic business objectives. Additionally, you will be a mentor to our other data science team members who will be looking up to you for technical and thought leadership. You will be a key member of the Data Services team, reporting to VP of Data Services. You will not only be expected to develop models; but come up with what questions need to be asked and problems need to be resolved. This requires a very deep knowledge of data science models and machine learning algorithms and implementations. We don’t just want someone who exudes enthusiasm and is totally personable, but who can extract patterns and generate hypotheses from large and discrete data sets to drive our analytic efforts. A knowledge of hospitality business will be immensely helpful; but not a constraint for you with all the technical acumen. You can report to either our Norwalk, CT headquarters or our Manhattan office. 401 Information Systems Mgmt: Provides leadership for those involved in the development, design and optimization of one or more information technology and systems functions supporting company business processes and technical information systems platforms. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, analysis, selection and modification of enterprise systems, application software, installation of network hardware/software and database management. Provides direction for the effort required to protect the company’s data, tools and information systems. Ensures infrastructure architecture standards maximize efficiency and support platform compatibility. Usually requires subject matter knowledge of user group for practical application of system characteristics. Coordinates delivery of services to user groups and ensures IT service is uninterrupted. Selects, develops, and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function. Survey Tip: Typically focused on internal IT service delivery for employees, but may have an external client focus if involved with company-hosted, web-enabled, or outsourced solutions delivery. You Must Have: Passion for innovation and excellence in data science and machine learning area Advanced degree in Statistics or related quantitative discipline 10+ years experience in statistical methodology, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining, text mining and other analytics 5+ years in various models and techniques in machine learning Ability to explain the outcomes of the models in plain English Strong experience automating and scheduling the complete model development process Experience with data flows at extremely high volumes (Petabyte scale) Strong command over Python or R; preferably both. Strong SQL and scripting skills Good understanding of back-end software engineering concepts Experience with the most common NoSQL data stores Leading by example, provide direction