Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, YouTube Trust and Safety is dedicated to ensuring that YouTube is a place for users, viewers, and creators around the world to belong, create, and express themselves. Whether understanding and solving their online content concerns, navigating within global legal frameworks, or writing and enforcing worldwide policy, the Trust & Safety team is on the frontlines of enhancing the YouTube experience, building internet safety, and protecting free speech in our ever-evolving digital world. As a Quantitative Business Analyst, your expertise will be critical to enhancing how we think about safety and issues facing the YouTube ecosystem. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share. Responsibilities Work on the top priorities of YouTube’s Trust & Safety executives. Determine how best to address solving the company’s biggest opportunities and most challenging problems, with your project lead. Support the development of the strategy, framework and data infrastructure to analyze risks facing the YouTube ecosystem. Prioritize data sources (internal and external). Liaise with other teams to integrate/automate input feeds Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in business, statistics, or data analytics or related field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant analytics or Business Intelligence work experience. Preferred qualifications: Deep expertise in SQL / Dremel, and with statistical software (e.g., one or more of R, Python, SAS, MATLAB). Experience in a prior analysis role. Strong organizational and project management abilities, with a proven track record of being able to manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously to successful completion. Ability to independently translate data trends into actionable process advancements and identify areas for improvement. Ability to use data and metrics to complement your proposals and back up your ideas. Must be comfortable with graphic, controversial or sometimes offensive video content as part of this role. Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly-changing environment with multiple stakeholders. Excellent communicator with strong presentation skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.