This position is based at the Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. corporate office in Austin, Texas. The Revenue Manager is a critical member of the Asset and Revenue Management team. The primary functions of this position include monitoring and analyzing top-line revenue results, identifying trends, auditing management company revenue management practices, forecasting, conducting special projects, and reporting the results to the senior members of the team. The Revenue Manager will help ensure the company is a leader in RevPAR and market share growth as compared to peers and the STR Upscale chain scale. The ideal candidate should be well-organized, creative, a strategic thinker, and have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Essential Job Functions Regularly attend both property and above property revenue management calls engaging with third-party management companies to ensure appropriate revenue and e-commerce strategies are being implemented at our hotels. Make recommendations to management companies to improve revenue and market share performance. Conduct revenue management system audits to ensure optimal settings are in place, communicate any needed adjustments, and follow-up with third-party management companies to ensure appropriate changes are made. Develop successful strategies that drive increased revenue, market share, and overall profitability. This includes a detailed analysis of STR, brand revenue management systems, and Demand360 data. Support the asset managers as the revenue management expert. This includes preparing for in-market property visits by gathering pertinent data, conducting analysis, and summarizing the findings for a more effective asset management property visit. Collect market data and maintain a database of all factors affecting markets and submarkets for each hotel and/or portfolio. This includes changes in supply and demand, convention center pace, and overall market intelligence. Identify and effectively communicate changes in hotel or portfolio performance related to market share, revenue, and pace statistics. Collaborate with the team to identify, prioritize, and execute analytical work that enables a deep understanding of demand trends at the market and hotel level. Along with our Operations Analyst, the Revenue Manager will utilize Aptech (a Business Intelligence platform), to conduct ad-hoc analysis helping to identify revenue performance trends and areas of opportunity. Administer ad-hoc analyses and the preparation of various reports as requested. Other duties as assigned. Position Requirements Must be a detail-oriented individual with the ability to work both as a team player and independently while prioritizing multiple complex projects. Hospitality revenue management background is required with a minimum of 2-4 years of revenue management experience. This experience must include working with the major brand revenue management systems, including Marriott, Hilton, and Hyatt. Proficiency in Marriott’s OneYield version 2, Hilton’s GRO, and Hyatt’s PRIO systems is preferred, along with the necessary certifications. Must be able to read, understand, and analyze STR reports, P &L statements, brand reporting, and segmentation reports. Mastery of Excel and PowerPoint is highly critical. Must have a strong understanding of hotel operations, revenue management, financial management, and statistical analysis. Must have strong multi-tasking, analytical, problem-solving, and written/verbal communication skills. Ability to travel domestically – 10-20% per month. Re cruitment A gencies : Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.