Who We Are Driving Innovation. Together. A part of a bright future tied to a proud past. As part of the Toyota family of companies, Toyota Industries Commercial Finance (TICF) creates extraordinary customer experiences through our Brand Promise to be the partner of choice in the commercial finance industry. Since 1985, TICF has offered an extensive line of commercial financing programs for Toyota forklifts and Hino trucks through our network of Toyota Industrial Equipment and Hino Motor Sales dealers to their customers. Our people-focused team of professionals are constantly striving to provide always better solutions. Because of that we have experienced substantial growth and evolution. We are a new organization with a proud legacy, Are you interested in becoming part of it? TICF Vision Statement: To be the premier captive finance company that champions Toyota Industries Corporation, Hino Motors and dealers' prosperity. TICF Mission Statement: Provide financial solutions to sell Toyota Industries, HINO Motors & Dealer products. POSITION SUMMARY / SCOPE TICF was established in October 2015 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Toyota Industries Corporation ("TICO") and acquired all assets relating to material handling equipment and commercial trucks previously managed by Commercial Finance organization operated under Toyota Motor Credit Corporation ("TMCC"). This acquisition was strategically executed to strengthen TICO's overall sales finance business within the United States and globally. During the past few years, TICF has placed its priority in establishing a new Finance Organization and this newly created position will play an integral role for supporting our growth within the United States and becoming a leading captive sales finance organization for TICO and in the industry globally. This position will be part of the Treasury Risk Management group under TICF Finance Organization and will make a significant impact by performing the following in the upcoming years: Serve as a key contributor in designing, implementing, and managing robust Treasury risk management and data analytics models required for mitigating financial market risk including interest rate, liquidity, basis and other market risks for TICF and TICO's Sales Finance organizations. Serve as a subject matter expert and recommend implementation strategies and execution plans. Maintain policies and procedures for financial and market risk management. Complete daily, weekly and periodic reporting and analytics for TICF's Treasury and TICO's Sales Finance organizations. B. MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 40%: Asset Liability Management (ALM) Develops, implements, and maintains complex Treasury analytics and financial data models in Excel and/or Enterprise DataMart systems to be utilized for Asset/Liability Management ("ALM") for TICF, affiliates and/or other Sales Finance Organizations (SFOs) under TICO's global finance organization. Performs daily and periodic reporting of Treasury activities, including but not limited to liquidity management, asset portfolio and funding activities, price variance through effective asset and liability management. Responsibilities of the ALM reporting includes data gathering, data integrity, reasonability of output/results as well as system related contingency planning. Complete scenario analysis and develop recommendations for decision support regarding financial risk/reward, hedging and other ad-hoc what-if scenarios. Collaborate with Treasury front office function in order to support development and implementation of risk models for effective management of financial market risks. 30% Liquidity Risk and FTP Management Elaborates and maintains data models and calculation methodologies for liquidity analytics and reviews sources and uses of funds on a daily/weekly basis, and determines TICF'S funding requirements. Manages liquidity stress analytics and scenarios to ensure solid balance sheet liquidity in case of market disruptions as well as other market conditions. Enhance liquidity risk analysis, incorporating market and regulatory changes. Facilitate cross-functional collaboration with TICO, financial reporting, financial planning and other functional areas in order to develop funding forecast and plans. Gains expertise in funds transfer pricing (FTP) and enhance cost of funds methodologies and models for all TICF financial products/business lines. Collaborates with TICO and its affiliates in an effort to measure and analyze global liquidity position and consolidated liquidity metrics to ensure Key Risk Indicators (KRI) are managed within guideline. 30%: Treasury Analytics and Reporting Provides essential analysis for TICF management's daily/weekly consumption as well as monthly or quarterly governance meetings. Complete period over period changes in liquidity position, volatility analysis and reporting of other liquidity metrics and stress testing. Assists in producing monthly analysis and reporting pertaining to interest rate risk positioning. Provides monthly and quarterly reporting for TICF management and TICO SFO while coordinating with financial reporting, financial planning and other functional departments while reporting plan, forecast and actual results of Treasury Risk KPIs and KRIs. Compiles and update an investor package with relevant information. Enhance the quality control, automation, and oversight of reporting processes in the group. Performs ad hoc reports, assignments and analysis as required related to TICF Treasury. C. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS (Excel, PowerPoint, MS Word, etc.) Experience in MS Excel. (including VBA) Working knowledge of computing/software language (Must be able to write SQL codes in order to develop and update financial risk models.) Working knowledge of Bloomberg Terminal. Advanced mathematical skills and working knowledge related to modeling and valuation of fixed income instruments and/or derivatives. Expertise in economic and financial risk management platforms. D. EXPERIENCE / EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS / LICENSES OR CERTIFICATIONS Five or more years of progressive relevant experience in corporate treasury, debt capital markets and/or financial risk management required. Three or more years of experience directly related to Asset Liability Management or Interest Rate Risk Management desired. Experience with accounting/financial reporting/ balance sheet management and advanced financial modeling. BA/BS in Finance, Mathematics, or Economics with strong quantitative, analytical and technology background. Post graduate degree (MBA, MS Finance, etc.), CFA or equivalent a plus. E. SPECIAL SKILLS / KNOWLEDGE General research, analytic, and valuation skills Strong quantitative, analytical and communication skills. Ability to adapt to new systems/IT platforms and data analysis required. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word, Access, and PowerPoint required. Experience with Tableau, Power BI, or other data visualization tools. Advanced knowledge of financial, economic, and accounting concepts. Skill in processing complex, detailed information in an accurate and thorough manner. Skill in organizing material and information in a systematic way. Sufficient oral and written communication skills to exchange information effectively with peers, supervisor, and senior management. Some familiarity with project management and process improvement concepts helpful. F. SUPERVISION EXERCISED No supervisory experience is required for this position. Turn Toward Great Benefits Work/Life (flextime, 9/80 work schedules offered where applicable) Tuition reimbursement Vehicle lease and purchase program Medical, dental and vision insurance (plus more) Generously matched 401(k) Generous paid time off (vacation, sick, personal, holidays) Open, collaborative work environment Opportunities for growth Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. We E-Verify. Hyperlinks to E-Verify posters: For E-Verify Poster Standard English, Click here opens a pdf file . For E-Verify Poster Spanish, Click here opens a pdf file . For E-Verify Native Documents/Right to Work English, Click here opens a pdf file For E-Verify Native Documents/Right to Work Spanish, Click here opens a pdf file .