Oracle Database Administrator III - 3DJR6 Description : Oracle Database Administrator III Buffalo, NY Function: Effectively installs, configures, patches, operates, supports, documents, maintains, analyzes, tunes, and troubleshoots database systems. Ensures Oracle database systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational standards. Reviews and analyzes basic Oracle database performance/issues and makes performance tuning suggestions to management. When needed, trains new members on basic department procedures and workflows. Key skills: Oracle - Oracle 12.1 and 12.2, Data Guard, Fast Start Failover, OEM 13c, Oracle Patching, Roles and Privileges, RMAN, some RAC exposure. Unix knowledge - specifically Linux and Aix excellent problem determination/resolution skills excellent communications skills (both verbal and written) Responsibilities: Respond to and resolve Help Desk escalations. Create trending information of system issues. Create and document procedures for work order and request based tasks. Problem solve advanced technical incidents. Analyze and isolate issues. Use advanced diagnostic tools to troubleshoot issues. Complete maintenance following SOP such as Patching, Health Checks, OS updates, Validation of changes, Maintain Operational and Configuration standards. Research options when anomalies occur; identify recommendation and review with senior staff. Schedule maintenance changes to reduce operational risk. Participate in project work in cross functional teams; Lead technical team within a project; input in to design of efforts. Coach less senior staff on processes and technologies. Shift responsibilities as scheduled. Initiate, create and document procedures for maintenance tasks and other needs. Automate or improve SOP and maintenance tasks. Understand and adhere to the Company’s risk and regulatory standards, policies and controls in accordance with the Company’s Risk Appetite. Identify risk- related issues needing escalation to management. Promote an environment that supports diversity and reflects the M &T; Bank brand. Maintain M&T; internal control standards, including timely implementation of internal and external audit points together with any issues raised by external regulators as applicable. Complete other related duties as assigned. Required Qualifications: 6 years’ of Oracle Database Administration experience - experience includes related education and work experience Ability to read and digest technical information Attention to detail Written and verbal communication skills Ability to communicate technical information within the team and to immediate manager Strong customer focus, including the ability to manage customer needs and multiple work priorities Demonstrated desire to improve current skills and learn new skills Knowledge and experience with Microsoft SQL & Oracle Databases Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in technology field or related field 7 years’ experience including related education and work experience Certifications or special training in related Technologies Takes initiative Strong communication skills both verbal and written Ability to use Microsoft Office products including Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel We encourage candidates with relevant military experience to apply. About M&T; At M&T;, we strive to be the best place our employees ever work, the best bank our customers ever do business with and the best investment our shareholders ever make. So when looking to advance your career, look to M&T.; As a top 20 US bank holding company and one of the best performing regional banks in the country, we offer a wide range of performance based career development opportunities for talented professionals. And through our longstanding tradition of careful, conservative and consistent management and a strong commitment to the communities we serve, we continue to grow with a focus on the future. Primary Location : New York-Amherst-John Glenn Drive Job Field : Information Technology Schedule : Full-time Job Posting Jul 16, 2018, 9:44:59 AM Unposting Date Ongoing