Description POSITION SUMMARY: Provide reporting, analytic review and support to members of the New York statewide Beam-Suntory team to assist in evaluating the effectiveness of route-to-market strategies, business intelligence tools and applications. Span of Control: This position may be responsible for the supervision of one or more of the following groups: No direct reports DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: The essential functions of the position include, but are not limited to: Reporting Execution and Program Tracking Review, verify, analyze and report accurate results to SGWS Beam Leadership and/or field team in a timely manner. (i.e. NSM, Goal Builder, SODs, Business Objects, etc.). Provide guidance where applicable to identify system deficiencies and analyze problems/possible solutions. Support program management and execution on regional and local strategic optimization and performance improvement efforts. Work closely with BSI Center of Excellence to manage all First Class reporting tools. Program Measurement & Evaluation Evaluate past program success/failure trends; use trend analysis to advise stakeholders on proposed programs. Provide accurate insights on live program performance and evaluate ROI on key initiatives. Follow established reporting and documentation standards to ensure uniformity throughout the organization. Provide analysis on Route-to-Market design, sales planning/execution, sales force size/coverage, org. structures, etc. Support performance management initiatives including compensation/incentive design, development of KPIs. Supplier Analysis & Stakeholder Reviews Prepare data analysis, materials, reports, & insights for Beam-Suntory meetings. Analyze data available to anticipate potential issues & proactively model potential solutions. Advise stakeholders on reporting results and provide options for strategic direction. Develop customer/account modeling and analysis: account segmentation, channel strategy, cost-to-serve analytics, ROI, etc. _(Continued)_ Retail Analytics, Business Insights, CRM Analyze customer lifecycle & demographics to identify brand opportunities; SODs, Incentives, GoSpotCheck, CRM. Cross-compare customer selling opportunities with sales performance & brand challenges/initiatives. Analyze & identify customer-centric business growth opportunities. Commercial Empathy & Collaboration Support Sales & Trade Development stakeholders with a data-driven roadmap for sales execution; reporting provided is production-ready and mobile capable. Advise stakeholders on intelligent, mobile-friendly reporting solutions. Complete quarterly field sales ride-withs throughout the sales organization as needed. Support operational efficiencies and cost savings initiatives (e.g., supplier/SKU optimization, variable service and delivery levels/fees, etc.). AdHoc Reporting Requests Streamline established Business Intelligence reporting to align with standards & processes. Provide support to SGWS Beam Leadership with ad hoc reporting needs and provide accurate and timely results consistent with state/region/national standards. Champion national analytical tools as appropriate (i.e. OneSource, Compass, SalesNav, CPR, NSM, Tableau, BO, etc.). Create ad-hoc queries & reports as requested and provide on-going analytical support for these requests. Convert existing reporting tools to a standardized reporting infrastructure. Reporting Line Direct report into Comm. Ops Sr. Director Beam-Suntory; Dotted Line report into SGWS-Business Intelligence Director Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Two to Five years of experience in a corporate business analyst role. Proficient in SharePoint and all aspects of Microsoft Office Suite with an emphasis on Excel. Demonstrated analytical ability and able to build presentation and business cases. Strong interpersonal skills and able to communicate both verbally and in writing. Able to organize priorities and work under deadlines while producing a high quality result in a team environment. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's degree strongly preferred; commensurate education and experience will be considered Two to Five years of experience in the Wine & Spirits/Beverage Industry with cross functional experience. Knowledge of applicable state regulations and adult beverage market dynamics. Experience in RTM. Job:Information Technology Primary Location:United States-New York-Syosset Shift:Day Shift