Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role Our Order Entry Specialist is a key player to the service we provide our customers. In the position of Order Entry Specialist you would work to ensure customer orders are processed in an efficient and timely manner. While processing orders, you would work to maintain effective communication with other individuals and departments as necessary. This position is a prime opportunity for someone looking to launch their career with an industry leader. Your day-to-day Review contracts and order paperwork for completeness and accuracy Work with the Deals Desk, Sales Operations, or Sales Representatives to obtain necessary paperwork required for each order Track deals through paperwork revisions and delivery of products Accurately enter deal information into Salesforce.com and Great Plains for invoicing and commissions/forecasting purposes Additional Order Entry tasks/projects, as needed What you bring to the team Prior experience with Order Entry, Sales Operations or Deals Desk is preferred Ability to communicate effectively with necessary parties to ensure order detail and documentation is updated and entered in the system appropriately Office experience is required Ability to work in a high-pressure environment. When month and quarter end orders come flooding in, you have the stamina to work late until the orders are in! Self-motivated with a knack for being meticulous, detail oriented, and organized Must have strong people/customer service skills Solid MS Office and Computer skills – knowing how to create formulas in Excel a plus High computer application literacy including Microsoft Office Suite, Salesforce, and ability to learn internal business systems Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-JR1