Position Summary: We have an opening in our studio for an IT Support Technician / System Administrator role. Job Description: The successful candidate will provide first-level support for Toys for Bob, an Activision Blizzard game development studio, as a cornerstone of their IT function. As a member of the IT team, they will also be responsible for managing and maintaining local computing systems and services, as well as any internal tools utilized by Toys for Bob. In this role, you will be: Providing and managing day-to-day helpdesk requests and issues Working with the IT team to develop policies and procedures to minimize client downtime and maximize productivity Responsible for installation, implementation, and upgrades of internal systems Responsible for maintaining and updating the inventory of all office computers, hardware, software and supplies Support IT Management with maintenance and upgrades of all Toys for Bob IT infrastructure Responsible for software licensing and support Support IT Management with the design and implementation of IT policies Responsible for the setup of new users systems, AD accounts, VOIP phones, etc. Supporting the implementation of backups, disaster recovery and business continuity planning Management of MS Office, Web-based applications, internal website, etc… Manage OS deployments using automated scripts and templates in virtual and bare metal environments, (Acronis, WDS/MDT and IBM BigFix). Working with IT Team to document Toys for Bob IT services Support developer tools including but not limited to Visual Studio, Autodesk Maya/Max3DS, and Perforce. Support on key IT infrastructure projects Supporting other teams on non-IT projects as needed Support Build and Render farms / both virtual and physical Writing scripts to automate tasks. Desired skills and experience: Associate’s Degree in related field or equivalent experience; Bachelor’s Degree preferred Minimum 5 years' experience in a similar IT Support / Admin role working with Microsoft tools (AD, Office, Lync), and maintaining and upgrading Windows desktops 3+ years’ Experience with Linux Server Administration a plus 1-2 years' IT scripting experience a plus, VB, PowerShell, Batch, etc. Practical knowledge of networking concepts strongly desired Must have solid troubleshooting skills Clear and concise verbal and written communication skills Friendly customer-focused personality Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Experience with IBM Endpoint Manager (BigFix), WSUS and/or SCCM Experience with WDS/MDT and other imaging software Familiarity with versioning software, ex. Perforce Familiarity with Apple products (MacOS, iOS) Experience with mobile devices Network Experience - Juniper and Cisco network switches. Experience with VOIP and conferencing systems Familiarity with Virtual Software Environments, VMware 5.5+ and Proxmox 5.0+ Experience with Spiceworks / Jira / Confluence or similar ticketing and wiki services Understanding of security concepts and best practices Ability to lift/move 35+ lbs. with assistance Proven documentation skills Driven to learn new technologies to support company growth Toys for Bob is a band of inventors, makers, and magicians who have been developing whimsical AAA console games for over 25 years. We play in a former military hangar that’s been converted into a colorful, tiki-themed, dog- friendly paradise just 20 minutes north of the San Francisco Golden Gate bridge. Best known for inventing the “Toys to Life” genre with Skylanders, we are a team of out-of-the-box thinkers who are driven to create memorable new experiences that inspire joy through levity and play. If you love games, are great at what you do, and don’t take yourself too seriously, we’d love for you to be part of the family!