Lockheed Martin Space has embarked on a transformational journey – destination the future. The Digital Tapestry is Lockheed Martin’s path to the future with its interconnected environment where data becomes information and information drives decisions that create value across the entire lifecycle. To help us along this journey Space is seeking a qualified candidate for the position of Digital Enterprise Chief Architect. We’re looking for someone with passion and enthusiasm in systems integration, data management, architecture and project management! The Digital Enterprise Chief Architect / Data Architect should have special expertise in information and data architecture. It includes the evaluation of data needs, integration of data across systems, collection, storage, processing, management, governance and analysis of data. This includes enterprise data, supplier data and customer data. It also includes a special focus on data quality management and data protection. The Chief Architect / Data Architect will provide the architectural leadership for the Integrated Environment, DataHub, Enterprise Data Strategy, and Data Governance domains. The Chief Architect / Data Architect designs, develops and oversees system architectures, including complex systems and systems design activities. The Chief Architect / Data Architect will drive the execution and management the Space Data Governing body as well as Digital Enterprise focused projects. Serve as focal point for the development and communication of the system architecture working in direct collaboration with the LM Space Chief IT Architect. Ensures conversion of mission requirements into total systems solutions that account for design and technology maturity constraints of the system. Develops systems and system element architecture, design, and interface definition. Supports internal and external design reviews. Maintains knowledge of current and developing technologies, design and analysis methodologies. Develops models and architectural guidelines for current and future system development. Additionally, the Digital Enterprise Chief Architect / Data Architect will work closely with the Corporate Future Enterprise Program (FEP) Chief Architect and Chief Engineer to align the digital infrastructure with the overall FEP Enterprise Architecture. Desired Skills: \- Master’s degree from an accredited university in a technical (e.g. Science, Technology, Engineering or Math) or equivalent discipline Demonstrated previous experience at Qualified architect level with 7+ years of technical experience and 3+ years or technical leadership experience (via the Architect Development and Qualification Program or equivalent program) of a large program as demonstrated through related work experience (senior systems engineering experience may also be considered if architecture background is very strong) Lean or Six Sigma experience (green or black belt certified where applicable) Cross functional collaboration – works well with all disciplines across the product lifecycle Change agent – ability to drive for change including technical, cultural and organizational Persistence – maintain focus on goals even when faced with resistance or changing landscapes Experience with IT system development and deployment Ability to embrace and demonstrate Full Spectrum Leadership imperatives Interpersonal skills and the ability to lead effective teams Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Record of proven success BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in a technical (e.g. Science, Technology, Engineering or Math) or equivalent discipline 7+ years of technical experience as a qualified architect 3+ years or technical leadership experience Formal architecture documentation methodology Systems architecture modeling tools and techniques, using standard architecture frameworks (e.g., DODAF, TOGAF, etc.) Experience operating in large, distributed organizations Corporate and/or industry data management policies familiarity Familiar with product lifecycle, business processes, systems and data architecture Understanding of microservice/service-oriented architecture concepts Business/functional knowledge of Graph Database technologies Project management skills including cost, schedule, technical and stakeholder management Excellent computer skills (e.g. MS Office Suite) Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.