Applicants who are strongly being considered for employment must submit to a national criminal history background check. Performs complex computer analysis work. Work involves planning and analyzing user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing systems. May assign and/or supervise the work of others. Works under general supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Provides support for PC hardware and software to the Agency. Responsibilities include performing complex technical work involving support of Agency personal computing workstations and software. Assist with the oversight of the TEA seat management contract which includes hardware, software and patch support. Provides technical analysis and resolution of system problems. Identifies, researches, and recommends options to management. Ensures that all Security policies are followed. Ensure that all help desk request and incidents are resolved and closed in a timely manner based upon priority. Ensure that all changes are approved by ICCB and or ITS management. Additional task include: Duties include evaluation, selection, installation and maintenance of highly complex and technical hardware, system software and other related software application packages. Provides some training to Agency staff in the implementation and use of automated systems. At times may supervise other support specialists or contractors. Assists with the evaluation of workstation hardware and software for purchase recommendations. Assists with configuration and installation of new workstation hardware and software. Assists with maintaining the TEA gold PC image Prepares and documents hardware and software installation procedures. Develops procedural documentation where/when appropriate. Analyzes and tests new or existing procedures, information systems, or utility programs for efficiency and effectiveness. Performs related work as assigned. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Essential Job Functions: Provides support for PC hardware, printers and software to the Agency. Responsibilities include performing complex technical work involving support of Agency personal computing workstations and software. Assists with the oversight of the TEA seat management contract which includes hardware, software and patch support. Provides technical analysis and resolution of system problems. Ensures that all Security policies are followed. Ensures that all help desk request and incidents are resolved and closed in a timely manner based upon priority. Ensures that all changes are approved by ICCB and or ITS management. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four year college or university. Major coursework in information technology security, computer information systems, computer science, management information systems, or a related field is generally preferred. Experience: One (1) year experience in systems analysis and design work, Windows10 Operating System, Landesk, SCCM and LAN printer setup. Substitution: Education and experience may substitute for one another on a year-for-year basis. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: The limitations and capabilities of computer systems; the techniques used in the design of non-automated systems; information technology equipment; applicable programming languages; computer hardware and software; computer operating systems; writing program code; and automated mapping. Extensive knowledge of Windows10 Operating System, Landesk, SCCM and LAN printer setup. Skill in: Coordinating and solving problems; scheduling, testing, installing, and implementing programs; and troubleshooting computer systems. Ability to: Analyze systems and procedures; write and revise standards and procedures; handle multiple projects; communicate effectively; and assign and/or supervise the work of others. Note: An in-box exercise may be administered at time of interview. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency. There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%.