JOB SUMMARY The purpose of this position is to provide analytical support through research, data collection and data management of information for the organization. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for data collection, data input and/or aggregation and data auditing to support accurate key metric reporting and analysis performed by the organization. Reviews accuracy of information provided and responds to requests from management and vendors. Assists in generating Business As Usual (BAU) reports. Supports ad-hoc presentation/analysis development and responds to information requests from management. Other duties may be assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from 4-year college or university. Master's degree preferred. 0-2 years of related experience. CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES None. COMMUNICATION SKILLS Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information. FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to understand and carry out general instructions in standard situations. Ability to solve problems in standard situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills. OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES Experience in the use of Microsoft applications with emphasis on Excel and PowerPoint. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Decisions made with general understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor.