Granite Background & History Granite is one of the premier communications services provider to businesses across the United States and Canada. We provide exceptional customized service with an emphasis on reliability and outstanding customer support and our customers include over 85 of the Fortune 100. Granite has over $1.35 billion in revenue with more than 1,800 employees and is headquartered in Quincy, MA just off I-93 and directly next to the North Quincy T Station on the Red Line. Our mission is to be the leading telecommunications company wherever we offer services as well as provide an environment where the value of each individual is recognized and where each person has the opportunity to further their growth and achieve success. Granite has been recognized by the Boston Business Journal as one of the “Healthiest Companies” in Massachusetts. Our Quincy office has an onsite dining facility and a fully equipped state of the art gym that offers daily Cross Fit, Mixed Martial Arts, and Yoga classes available to employees at zero cost. Granite’s philanthropy is unparalleled with over $6 million in donations last year to organizations such as Dana Farber Cancer Institute, The ALS Foundation and the Alzheimer’s Association to name a few. We have been rated a “Fastest Growing Companies” by Inc. Magazine past ten consecutive years in a row (2007-2016). If you are a highly motivated individual who wants to grow your career with a fast paced and progressive company, Granite has countless opportunities for you. General Summary of Position: Granite Telecommunications is seeking a Systems Engineer whose primary focus will be on the stability, integrity, and efficient operation of IT information systems that support core organizational functions. This is achieved by monitoring, maintaining, supporting, and optimizing all networked hardware, software and associated operating systems. The Senior Systems Engineer will apply proven communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills to help identify, communicate, and resolve issues in order to maximize the benefit of IT systems investments. The Senior Systems Engineer will be a subject matter expert in Microsoft, VMware, Storage and ideally Linux systems. They will be responsible for the design, implementation and ongoing operations of the storage environments. Duties and Responsibilities: Monitor and test system performance; prepare and deliver system performance statistics and reports. Gauge the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems; develop and implement strategies for improving or further leveraging these systems. Assist with the integration of servers, including database, e-mail, print, and backup servers and their associated software into enterprise systems. Ensure system connectivity of all servers, shared software, groupware, and other applications. Create and maintain documentation as it relates to system configuration, connectivity, mapping, processes, and service records. Assist with and provide training to team members on differing areas of technology as well as our environment. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in IT related major preferred and/or Related technical certifications Red Hat Linux 6.x/7.x, Oracle Linux 6.x and Windows server 2008/2012, including installation, configuration and system modification. Hands on experience with VMware vSphere 5.x and 6.x including ESXi and vCenter builds and creating new servers and troubleshooting. In depth understanding of Storage Area Networks, including solutions from EMC (Clarion, VNX, VMAX, Data Domain), etc. Veeam 9 and Backup Exec 2012 experience. Preferred Qualifications: The ideal candidate will also possess an in depth understanding of Linux/Unix platforms, VMWare Experience in overseeing the design, development, and implementation of software systems, applications, and related products Expert knowledge of network and Server operating systems including Microsoft Windows, Linux, Cisco, VMWare, and others Expert hardware troubleshooting experience Experience with Disaster recovery and Business Continuity planning and implementation Cisco MDS zoning experience Ciso UCS experience