Job Description Visa Research is a newly created research organization as part of the company's effort on expanding its technology research capabilities globally. Visa Research conducts both applied and fundamental research. It engages with the company's technology and product teams, business partners, academics, and governments, to explore and develop technologies that are critical to the payments industry in the future. Visa Research currently focuses on building research teams in three key areas: Data Analytics, Security, and Future of Payment. As part of our research in the Future of Payment, we are establishing a Blockchain research team to advance this exciting technology in the context of payment ecosystem, and we are looking for outstanding researchers and engineers with a broad range of expertise such as Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, Distributed System, and Security. The Position The Research Scientist will work with a team to conduct world-class research on fundamental technology challenges in Blockchain and contribute to the long- term research agenda in the future of payments, as well as deliver innovative technologies and insights to Visa's strategic products and business. This role represents an exciting opportunity to make key contributions to Visa's strategic vision as a world-leading data-driven company. The successful candidate must have strong academic track record and demonstrate excellent system skills. The successful candidate will be a self-starter comfortable with ambiguity, with strong attention to detail, and excellent collaboration skills. Responsibilities: Develop deep understanding of the Blockchain technology and provide guidance on the use case studies and pilots of Blockchain Design innovative algorithms and solutions to advance the Blockchain technology with better scalability and higher performance Design innovative algorithms and solutions to advance the Blockchain technology with better privacy and auditing capabilities Develop prototype implementation and conduct experimental studies of different Blockchain technologies Develop and maintain technical documentations for patent disclosure and scientific publication Qualifications PhD study in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and related fields 2-3 Years of Full Time Professional Experience in the field Research experience with Blockchain technology and cryptocurrency Research experience with at least one popular Blockchain platform, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, or HyperLedger Research experience with at least one foundational area in Blockchain, such as cryptography, security, and distributed system Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to think outside the box and innovate. Additional Information Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.