College Aide IC (1st Year Graduate)-The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene Division of Epidemiology provide expert epidemiologic support to agency programs and external organizations in order to improve monitoring and delivery of public health services in New York City. The Fiscal Management & Administrative Services Unit oversees Personnel Services and Data Management for the division. This unit also provides budgetary oversight and administrative support to bureaus and programs. The Unit is seeking a College Aide to assist in the development and maintenance of a database for the Division's administrative data. DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO: - Assist with the planning and maintenance of system databases. - Troubleshoot and correct errors. - Utilize SQL (Structured Query Language) and VBA (Visual Basic) to program, create, develop, and run reports. - Use Excel, Access, Office to collect and capture data for reports. - Run ad hoc reports as requested. - Suggest technology solutions as needed; and handle special projects as assigned. Minimum Qual Requirements For Assignment Level I: Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school. For Assignment Level II (Information Technology): Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or closely related field, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study. For Assignment Level III (Information Technology Fellow): Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or other area relevant to the information technology project(s) assigned, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study. Appointments to this Assignment Level will be made by the Technology Steering Committee through the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications. SPECIAL NOTE Maximum tenure for all Assignment Levels in the title of College Aide is 6 years. No student shall be employed more than half-time in any week in which classes in which the student is enrolled are in session. Students may be employed full-time during their vacation periods. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate should possess the following: \--Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Access --Understanding of relational database design principles and experience with SQL/VBA a plus but not required. Additional Information IMPORTANT NOTES TO ALL CANDIDATES: Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as: ? A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver?s license. ? Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title. ? Current Resume ? Proof of Address/NYC Residency dated within the last 60 days, such as: Recent Utility Bill (i.e. Telephone, Cable, Mobile Phone) Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting?s ?Minimum Qualification Requirements? section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card. LOAN FORGIVENESSThe federal government provides student loan forgiveness through its Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) to all qualifying public service employees. Working with the DOHMH qualifies you as a public service employee and you may be able to take advantage of this program while working full-time and meeting the program?s other requirements. Please visit the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program site to view the eligibility requirements: https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness- cancellation/public-service To Apply Apply online with a cover letter to https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/. In the Job ID search bar, enter: job ID number 356718.We appreciate the interest and thank all applicants who apply, but only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. The NYC Health Department is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and culturally responsive workforce. We strongly encourage people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and gender non-conforming persons to apply.All applicants will be considered without regard to actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, age, prior record of arrest; or any other basis prohibited by law. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.