_About us._ _Founded in 1996, Arizona Nutritional Supplements (ANS) is one of the leading manufacturers of specialty supplements for private label for leading national and global marketers and retailers. The company’s high-quality standards and superior customer service have attracted many of the leading sellers of supplements and driven rapid growth._ _Our state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly facilities in Chandler, Arizona, exceed cGMP standards and allow us to grow in anticipation of our customers’ needs. With over 350,000 square-feet of production and warehousing space, as well as continued expansion plans, ANS is equipped to bring its customers’ product vision to market._ _Ensure that solid dose products are manufactured safely and at the highest quality. Follow Standard Operating Procedures for operating compression and encapsulation machines, including monitoring quality. Keep accurate records and work closely with Quality Assurance. Assist other production employees as needed_. _Mon-Thurs 5:00am-3:30pmFri-Sat-Sun OT as needed_ _Mon-Thurs 3:30pm-2:00am Fri-Sat-Sun OT as needed_ _Fri-Sat-Sun5:00am-5:30pm_ Responsibilities: Follow and ensure compliance to quality system and cGMP programs. Operate compression and encapsulation machines safely. Check for quality of the product during equipment operation every 15 minutes or as directed, and notify the supervisor of any manufacturing issues affecting product quality. Adapt to changing company policies, manufacturing methods, and formulation changes. Sign log books as necessary regarding production activities, with accurate data and time. Immediately report any mechanical or procedural failures or issues to the supervisor. Keep accurate records for every batch run sheet and downtime sheet. Performs and assists in other duties as needed and directed. Minimum Requirements High school diploma or equivalent. At least 1 year of machine operator experience. Proven knowledge of high speed, manufacturing equipment, experience with punch presses, or encapsulation machines preferred. Effective oral and written communication skills. Basic math skills including units of measurement (i.e., weight, size, volume). Record keeping skills. The ability to follow detailed instructions and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Must be able to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), Food and Drug Administration (FDA), DEA and other regulatory and Safety requirements. Familiarity with manufacturing processes and equipment procedures preferred.