The Quality Engineer (QE) is responsible for developing, applying and maintaining procedures to ensure quality assurance (QA) and quality control (QC) of products, assets and M &S; items – both within the Technology Center as well as applicable supplier(s). He/she must have hands-on understanding of tool/product functionality and production at both the system and piece part level in order to investigate non-conformances at suppliers, within Technology Centers, and those reported in the Field. Where additional expertise in needed, such as machining, assembly processes, electronics reliability, the QE is responsible for engaging Subject Matter Expert (SME)s to determine root- causes of non-conformances and ensuring that they are properly addressed. Beyond product knowledge, the following areas expertise are required: Fundamental understanding of quality standards, principles, systems, methods and tools. Knowledge of customer expectations and satisfaction, supplier relations and performance, organizational and team dynamics, leadership, training, risk management, and improvement systems. Knowledge and ability to develop and administer quality management systems, applicable industry specifications/ codes/ standards and information/ data/ business system(s). Knowledge of development and application of inspection and testing procedures, quality assurance and analysis of the results. Requirements for auditor certification and ability to audit quality systems for deficiency identification and correction. Thorough understanding of problem solving, quality improvement tools and techniques. This includes knowledge of management and planning tools, quality tools such as Failure Modes & Effects Analysis (FMEA), Root Cause Analysis (RCA), preventive and corrective actions, Continuous Improvement method and Statistical Process Control (SPC). Use of metrics, reporting and process control tools for tracking, analyzing, and problem solving. Essential Responsibilities and Duties: Ensure compliance to internal and external management systems (CLMS, ISO 9001, API Q1, etc.). Assist in defining/ developing Quality Program status indicators, and performance measurements. Provide trending analysis on quality issues and performance metrics. When applicable, work with Supplier to achieve the same to ensure alignment with internal Schlumberger indicators. Conduct the audit process (both internally and at supplier – as applicable) - including planning, preparation, execution, reporting results, and follow-up on effective implementation of remedial work plans to ensure compliance to applicable Standards/requirements. Develop and implement internal Quality Control Plans (QCP), and assist in verification of supplier’s Process Control Plan (PCP). Participate in design reviews and conduct criticality assessments of processes as part of input to QCP development. As required, develop, implement and maintain customer/project-specific QCPs. Ensure Quality Control requirements such as inspection are in place and followed, and Quality Assurance tasks such as review of certs and Product Quality File (PQF) are completed properly before tool/product is shipped. Ensure compliance with Part & Process Qualification Plans (PPQP), Verification/ Validation (V&V;) testing, Inspection & Acceptance Criteria, Inspection Plans and First Article Inspection (FAI). Develop, implement and maintain procedures for inspection, testing. Ensure all inspection, measurement, and test equipment (IMTE); maintain compliance with all requirements specified in the Quality Management System. Contribute to Quality Improvement Plans (QIP) and actively participate in Continuous Improvement projects. Develop a strong, hands-on understanding of how products are built and used. Responsible for investigating and addressing product non-conformances throughout overall value-stream and life cycle, working with relevant SMEs. Develop Supplier Quality Improvement Plans and engage suppliers to realize the improvements. Acquire and analyze data using appropriate standard quantitative methods across a spectrum of business environments to facilitate process analysis and improvements. Utilize statistical quality tools & techniques to ensure that processes are in control to lower Total Quality Costs. Coordinate deviation/ non-conformance process through completion of corrective & preventive actions. Ensure these are completed on-time and address fundamental reason(s) for the identified non-conformance(s). Create and classify Product Quality (PQ) Incident Reports. Lead and coordinate PQ investigations with the investigation team for analysis of PQ incidents and returned products to prevent recurrences. Provide QMS training & ensure appropriate level of competencies are maintained within the organization. Function as the SME in the assigned discipline/ product line on the application of quality tools to enable process & product quality improvement- both internally and when necessary for the supplier(s) assigned. Develop a Continuous Improvement culture in the organization. Mentor Inspectors & Documentation Specialists. Previous Experience and Competencies: Bachelor or Masters’ in Engineering or Sciences or equivalent combination of higher degree and work-related experience. 3 to 5 years’ experiences in a similar position. Candidates must be able to legally work and reside in the US, without sponsorship. Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. Schlumberger is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor—priority referral Protected Veterans requested.