Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI) in JPMorgan Chase is a worldwide organization charged with delivering technology infrastructure - end user, compute, data, transport, instrumentation and facilities - to all lines of business in all regions of the world. Our mission is to deliver a data-driven, software-defined, straight-through provisioned environment which expands and contracts at the speed of the business need. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, integrate with many different vendor hardware and softwares, work with a mix of new technologies and exisiting systems. As an Infrastructure Developer working in Global Technology Infrastructure (GTI), you will be developing the next generation solutions that changes how GTI delivers its infrastructure services to our customers. You will have the opportunity to work on specific project critical to the department's needs with opportunities to work on different projects as our fast paced busines evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack. We're looking for engineers with a broad set of technical skills and who will bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, UI design. Our team culture promotes intellectual curiosity, collaboration, problem solving and openness. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while also creating an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow. Responsibilities: Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software solutions to manage infrastructure using your strong background in large distributed systems Manage your individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise Develop micro services and abstraction layers to communicate with various systems such as storage farms and servers. Help the team continuously improve and remove impediments Write unit and functional tests Minimal Qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study (e.g. physics or mathematics) or equivalent practical experience. Minimum 2 years of professional software development experience. Software development experience in one or more of the following: Python, C, C++, Java, Go, Perl, Ruby or shell scripting Experience working with web application development, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration (e.g., filesystems, inodes, system calls) or networking (e.g., TCP/IP). Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Preferred Qualifications: Master’s degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field. Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems. Expertise in designing, creating Restful APIs. Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive. Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks. Experience with database design, SQL and database programming. Experience with Django, Celery, RabbitMQ Understanding of technologies such as virtualization and global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, databases, unstructured data and security. Background in test automation and continuous integration Scrum knowledge or other agile development practices