Applications Engineer – Electrical _A Great Place to Work!_ Johnstech International has been a stable employer for the last 25 years, People join us - and stay with us - for our products, fulfilling careers, competitive pay and benefits, and our friendly and supporting environment. Don’t just take our word for it. Come and find out for yourself! Position Summary Johnstech is hiring an experienced level Applications Engineer due to growth. We will consider candidates who are based out of either our Philippines office (Laguna Technopark), Singapore office or Penang, Malaysia. This role will primarily support our Asia based customers. _Primary Responsibilities:_ Pre-Sale Customer Support: Assist customers with technical questions and issues to ensure the success of the mechanical and electrical aspects of a customer’s entire system. Review electrical and mechanical requirements of customer test applications and make product configuration recommendations to successfully meet those requirements. Review product quotations and orders for engineering validity. Coordinate information flow between Johnstech, the customer and partner companies to ensure the customer receives a successful test solution. Work with partner companies (handlers, probers, testers, change kits, docking systems, IC devices, load boards) to secure design information and coordinate information flow between Johnstech Create concept design/layouts for interfacing with new handler/prober/test companies and for new/different IC device type. Provide design ideas, preliminary product layouts and other documentation to gain customer understanding. Potentially conduct electrical and mechanical design simulations to verify Johnstech’s products will meet the customer need. Post-Sale Customer Support: Create layouts and check validity of customer requested design modifications. Assist customers with technical questions/issues via phone, e-mail and on-site customer visits to help troubleshoot field test problems. Perform on-site troubleshooting in conjunction with Field Service. Create new or send existing support documentation to aid in troubleshooting potential problems in a customer’s test hardware configuration. Provide design information to field service engineers to assist on-site troubleshooting of customer issues. Analyze return product and recommend corrective and preventative actions. _Additional Responsibilities:_ Work with OEM Partner Companies that Interface with Johnstech Products Create concept designs for new Handler/Prober/Tester/Device interfaces, and work with the customer to ensure proper interface requirements. Assist with technical questions/issues via phone, fax and e-mail to help troubleshoot field test problems. Implement required design features into Johnstech products; document requirements specific to vendor interface requirements to ensure correct design and application for future product orders. Act as Internal Technical Expert Provide engineering/product data prior to completion of the design. Provide applications expertise to Product Development Teams. Review Design Engineering output (Datasheet, Part Drawings, etc) prior to release to Manufacturing. Provide application information for on-site/off-site staff in a timely manner. Develop and administer technical training (formal/informal) including all documents and procedures for customers, sales channel partners, technology partners and Johnstech employees. Topics include, but not limited to, Johnstech products, handlers/probers, packaging types, testers and other interface components and industry issues. Attend industry trade shows with the purpose of answering technical questions from customers or technology partners. Qualifications Required 4-year college degree in Electrical Engineering 4+ years’ experience working in a similar position in a manufacturing company RF electrical modeling experience Proficient in Microsoft applications. Solid skills in analysis, sound judgment, ingenuity, collaboration and/or communication, including influencing skills and communicating technical information to varying audiences both verbal and written. Client service focused. Effective communication skills, verbal and written; able to discuss technical issues, deliver technical presentations/training and write technical documents/correspondences. Strong project organization and prioritizing skills. Internally motivated (i.e., self-starter) and able to work independently. Must speak and read/write English. Local travel up to 25% Asia travel up to 10% International travel (outside of Asia) up to 5% Able to travel to the United States for 2-3 weeks of training and 1 week in Singapore. Preferred 3 years+ experience in the semiconductor test industry including daily contact with manufacturers of integrated circuits, device handlers/probers, testers & load-boards ideal. Own transportation preferred Proficient with CAD. 2D and 3D experience required; able to create, review, and modify. Experience in SolidWorks preferred Mandarin language highly desired About Johnstech _Who we are_ Privately, owned, our company size allows employees to make a large impact on the company’s overall success. This means that if you’re hands-on, don’t mind figuring things out for yourself at times, have an idea to make things better or easier, you may very well like it here! _What we do_ Johnstech International Corporation is a leading global provider of testing interconnect products for the semiconductor industry; a competitive and rapidly changing industry demanding constant innovation. The company designs and manufactures an extensive line of high performance test contactors that offer significant cost and flexibility advantages over competitive solutions. The company has a number of patented technologies that help characterization and test floor engineers limit risk, shorten development and test time, improve yields and reduce maintenance, resulting in the lowest cost of test. Founded in 1991, Johnstech's high performance test sockets are sold primarily to integrated circuit manufacturers and IC test contractors. The company’s patented technologies allow its contactors to achieve far greater accuracy and improved reliability in test results. These high-performance contactors are leading an industry-wide move away from traditional test sockets. Johnstech is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with offices in Santa Clara, CA Singapore and the Philippines. For more information, visit www.johnstech.com Opens a New Window. _._ To apply , email resume to hr@johnstech.com Opens a New Window. or apply online at http://www.johnstech.com/about/careers/