Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full service consulting firms. We have two key areas of expertise: business and technology consulting. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency where these two business practices intersect. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. We were founded on the premise that most projects are simply too complex and too difficult for the problem they are trying to solve. Our project managers, senior consultants, and software development engineers are always seeking to add value for our clients by utilizing their extensive experience and creativity while grounded in the fundamentals of successful business and technical delivery strategies. We bring simplicity and predictability to engagements and help clients significantly improve their efficiency through the use of proven technology and business management strategies. Our continued rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. Our typical hires have a ”Big 4” consulting background looking to contribute to and shape a growing organization. Our consultants and senior consultants are fun to work with, highly self- motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and able to work well individually or as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy, demanding, and requires an individual with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude. We are looking for a Consultant to join our Seattle, WA based team. You will be responsible for growing the business at multiple clients, managing engagements, and ensuring client satisfaction. You will support clients and consultants to ensure delivery quality and professional growth. Logic 20/20 is seeking a consultant, who excels with very ambiguous and fast paced environments to help oversee a BOT content development on some of our Clients Partner platforms. This person will help look for content, based on the questions that partners are asking and help tag the content to have richer tagging to help partners accelerate their paths to success. Core responsibilities for this position include: 3-5 years of similar consulting experience, preferably at a "Big 4" or similar firm Excellent organizational, presentation, analytical, written and verbal communication skills Effective at communicating technical issues to non-technical users Ability to be flexible and juggle multiple projects in a fast paced environment Demonstrated ability to identify business and technical impacts of user requirements and incorporate them into project plan Ability to see risks identify issues, and execute mitigation steps with guidance from the project team Minimum Requirements: Excellent communications skills, both written and verbal Understanding of marketing basics Strong project coordination skills and attention to detail Experience with Microsoft office suite Analytical mindset and ability to use data to make decisions and drive processes Ability to be flexible and grow within a fast-paced, matrixed organization Experience with page content tagging and meta data Nice to haves (some combination of) Experience using and publishing content through content management systems (CMS) (e.g. Sitecore, Adobe, etc.) Undergraduate degree in business, marketing, or equivalent experience Ability to work and coordinate with development and system implementation teams Any work with website BOTs HUGE PLUS Skills expected of all project related positions: An undergraduate degree in technology or business Proficient with MS Project, MS Excel, MS Word Excellent organizational, presentation, analytical, written and verbal communication Demonstrated ability to drive projects to timely completion Ability to work both independently and as part of a team Ability to work under pressure and to independently handle multiple projects and deadlines Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance, among others. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.