Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran Waste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. I. Job Summary Under general supervision, provides data and work assessment, reporting, and recommendations within assigned areas of expertise. Provides data analysis in order to support and enhance overall department workflow, customer service, improvement and work quality. II. Essential Duties and Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the essential duties satisfactorily. Other duties may be assigned and Specific activities may vary by department. Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate business reports Query and extract data from source systems, such as MAS, to assist in problem identification & resolution Identify and recommend new ways to reduce costs by streamlining and automating business processes Use data to create models that depict trends, patterns, and customer behaviors to improve collections plans and strategies Prepares reports on data summaries, changes, and trends for use by management . Provides assessment and recommendations to management. Resolves issues arising from internal department functions, or as brought forth by internal or external customers to assigned department. Tracks issues to resolution within department and in partnership with other groups. Monitors overall work flow to ensure timely completion of projects and daily work requirements. Assists with special projects within assigned department or as part of cross- functional teams as required or assigned. Monitors department processes and work flow to ensure overall accuracy and quality of data and work output. Determines areas of risk as new or changed processes are implemented. Recommends changes, updates and processes for continuous improvement in areas of expertise. Evaluates current training methods and materials for assigned group, and recommend improvements. Reviews and creates training as needed. Other duties as assigned. III. Supervisory Responsibilities This job has no supervisory duties. IV. Qualifications The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job. A. Education and Experience Education: Bachelor's Degree (accredited), or in lieu of degree, High School Diploma or GED (accredited) and 4 years of relevant work experience in Business Administration or similar area of study. Experience: This position requires ability to demonstrate knowledge of the business and an ability to apply that knowledge effectively to a variety of situations. B. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements None required. C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required This position requires ability to demonstrate knowledge of the business and an ability to apply that knowledge effectively to a variety of situations. May require intermediate skills in Microsoft Office Suite as well as general business and/or accounting systems and subject matter knowledge applicable to the department assigned. This knowledge may include, but not be limited, basic accounting processes and procedures, project management, training within areas of expertise, and strong analytical skills and communication skills. V. Work Environment Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Normal setting for this job is an office setting. Benefits At Waste Management, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability. As well as a Stock Purchase Plan, Company match on 401K, and more! Our employees also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days. Please note that benefits may vary by site. If this sounds like the opportunity that you have been looking for, please click "Apply.” I understand that applying to this job indicates that I have the legal right to work in the United States. I agree to perform physical duties of this position as outlined in the job with or without reasonable accommodations. I understand that if offered the position, I will be required to pass a drug screen.