Overview ABOUT PFM PFM is a national leader in providing independent financial advice as well as investment advisory, management and consulting services to local, state, and regional government and non-profit clients. We are proud to help our clients meet their financial challenges with a broad array of products, backed by unquestioned professionalism and outstanding service. We are a firm of over 600 professionals with offices located in every region of the country. JOB DESCRIPTION PFM is currently seeking a highly effective IT Security Analyst to become a key member of Information Technology team. The position will consist of a combination of responsibilities associated with cyber security threat monitoring, data gathering, analysis, reporting, and testing to ensure a strong and resilient PFM cybersecurity posture. The position will be part of the IT Security Team. Responsibilities Major Responsibilities: Perform network monitoring, cybersecurity data collection and analysis (e.g. intrusion attempts, spam statistics, data loss protection statistics, etc.), and investigate violations reported by Managed Service Provider. Contribute to the development, testing, and execution of incident response plans. Assist with coordination of annual 3rd-party security assessments and penetration tests. Perform routine security reviews and attestations (e.g., privileged account access). Participate on security projects in collaboration with infrastructure and applications teams. Assist with the implementation and administration of cyber security tools and platforms Assist with responses to internal and external audits and security related inquiries. Assist with employee security awareness training and other communications designed to keep employees informed about cybersecurity threats/risk and internal policies. Qualifications Required Skills/Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree (BA/BS) in Computer Science, MIS, Business/Finance or a related field and equivalent work experience. At least 2 years working in IT Security, IT Operations, Compliance, Data Loss Prevention and/or a related field. Detail and process oriented. Strong Microsoft Excel skills for data analytics and reporting mandatory. General understanding of regular expressions, database structure and queries. Good familiarity with productivity tools, including: MS Office, SharePoint, workflow systems. Subject matter knowledge in the Information Security space, incorporating both technical and process/operational elements. Experience with security and monitoring tools. Strong quantitative, analytical, and writing skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and work under pressure. Eagerness to learn. Strong sense of personal responsibility. Ability to be productive independently or in a team environment. A professional and ethical approach with a strong desire to succeed. Preferred Skills: Professional Qualification such as CEH, CISSP, CISA, CISM an advantage but not essential. Current, relevant experience of working in an Information Technology Infrastructure and/or Security Operations function. Familiarity with the software development life cycle. Familiarity with networking concepts and architecture. Total Rewards: PFM offers a competitive base salary, bonus / incentive eligibility, comprehensive benefits package, profit sharing and 401K plan eligibility. Additional Information: PFM is not offering visa sponsorship for this position. _PFM is an equal opportunity employer (EOE, M/F/D/V) and maintains a drug- free work environment._