Essential Functions: 1.Adherence to the company’s values and behaviors as defined by the ONE E.ON philosophy. 2.Assure that all engineering activities are performed in a safe manner consistent with policies and procedures established for the business and for the wind farms 3.Perform Root cause analysis of failures in wind turbines. Investigate on site 4.Reliability engineering: ensure that existing faults and failures are analyzed and solutions are designed 5.Performance engineering: analyze the current portfolio together with the data analysts and determine upgrades and improvements to the wind turbines to increase output. Design, test or and or evaluate these upgrades. 6.Trouble shooting support: support operations where needed in immediate issues. 7.support wind turbine technical due diligence for new projects 8.support on site where needed 9.execute the details of an engineering project from start to finish Additional Duties and Responsibilities: 1.All other duties assigned Qualifications work experience requirements minimum 2 years of experience in wind turbine engineering preferably with Vestas or Acciona travel up to 25% education requirements 1.Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, windenergy, I and C, electrical or aerospace Engineering. WORKING ENVIRONMENT (Irregular hours, travel requirements, hazardous conditions, multiple worksites, etc.) Primarily an office environment; Occasional visits to a field environment are required. This will include hazardous conditions such as working at height up to 300’, working in confined spaces, exposure to bloodborne pathogens, exposure to energized electrical and rotating equipment, and working in extreme hot and cold conditions. Must pass a fit-for-duty medical examination upon hiring and every 2 years thereafter and maintain a body weight of 270 lbs or less. The work also requires flexibility and full range of movement in confined spaces. The work may require providing first aid/CPR; must maintain First Aid/CPR/AED certification. The work will require irregular work hours depending upon the required response of site operations to address the unpredictable needs of the wind farm. COMPETENCIES: These are soft skills not mentioned in key responsibilities (ex. Initiative, Flexibility, Problem Solving, Interpersonal Skills…) Safety- Promote safety for all at all times. Initiative – Able to work with minimum supervision and make decisions for all issues related to his/her discipline(s) with limited and/or available information Technical/Functional Knowledge Basic knowledge of wind turbine and wind industry. Problem Solving – problem solving is a key aspect of this job Safety- Promote safety for all at all times. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Must be able to sit, walk or stand for long duration of time. Must be able to climb or balance. Must be able to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Must have the ability to identify and distinguish colors. Must be able to lift up to (_50_) pounds. What we offer E.ON is committed to equal opportunities and actively promotes diversity, equality and flexibility.