Multiple Tenured/Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Rensselaer – IBM Research Partnership http://rpijobs.rpi.edu/postings/6807 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, in Troy, NY is embarking on an ambitious expansion in Computational Sciences and Engineering research and education, with a focus on creating a research cluster in the area of _Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)_. We seek applications from outstanding candidates at all ranks (assistant, associate, and full professor) who will build upon our existing strengths in these and related areas across the Schools of Science, Engineering, Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences, Management, and Architecture. These faculty members can have academic appointments in any of the five Schools at Rensselaer depending on the candidate’s background, interests, and the potential for collaboration. We seek candidates in research areas to include fundamental advances in AI and machine learning, theory of learning, novel AI algorithms and architectures, and software engineering principles for AI systems (including topics in scalability, robustness, fairness, and verification). In addition to fundamental AI, areas of interest include, but are not limited to, applications of AI and ML in cybersecurity, cyber-physical systems, IoT and edge-computing, and autonomous systems. The ideal candidates will not only develop a scientific program in AI, but also work with researchers making contributions to the use of AI and machine learning in addressing global challenges such as energy and the built environment, climate science, advanced manufacturing, critical infrastructure and supply chain management, the arts, and life sciences and systems biology. Applicants for senior tenured positions must possess an outstanding record of research accomplishment and a strong commitment to teaching. Applicants for tenure-track Assistant Professor positions must show evidence of both emerging research distinction and a high level of dedication to teaching. At minimum, candidates must have a Ph.D. or foreign degree equivalent in computer science, engineering, or in an appropriate field for their proposed research, along with the ability to demonstrate, through their records, promise of future distinction in scholarship and education. Successful candidates will have duties that include teaching graduate and undergraduate courses, developing and maintaining robust programs of research and scholarship, and service to their department and to Rensselaer. We seek highly collaborative applicants with strong technical vision and a focus on emerging 21st century technologies and challenges. _We welcome candidates who will bring diverse intellectual, geographical, gender and ethnic perspectives to Rensselaer’s work and campus communities._ _Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity, Race/Gender/Veterans/Disability Employer._ Job Posted Date In order to receive full consideration you must apply by Job Close Date New/Replacement Position New Additional Information