Requisition ID: 72332 Store : 005785 LensCrafters Position: Part-Time At LensCrafters, we love eyes and we care about the people behind them. LensCrafters is the largest optical retailer in North America with 900+ stores and as part of an eyewear industry leader, Luxottica, our love of eyes and higher standard of quality have made LensCrafters a leader in vision care for over 30 years. With a career at LensCrafters, you’ll find yourself learning, growing, and interacting with some of the most passionate and talented people in the business. At the same time, you’ll be helping people look and see their best. GENERAL FUNCTION The Lab Technician creates exceptional value in the lives of our customers by delivering The LensCrafters Experience. Exceeds customers’ expectations through manufacturing eyewear in accordance with LensCrafters Quality Manufacturing Program. Ensures speed and reliability of service. MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Produces quality eyewear through utilizing the Quality Manufacturing Program: selecting lenses, marking, taping, blocking, generating, fining and polishing, coating polycarbonate lenses, first (surface) inspecting, finish layout and blocking, edging, tinting, UV and anti-reflective coating, grooving, drop-ball testing, safety monogramming, mounting and final inspecting. Responsible for basic operation, cleaning and ongoing maintenance of laboratory tools and equipment using established QMP maintenance procedures and calendars. Diagnoses and solves equipment issues. Strives to improve technical knowledge through the completion of the Quality Manufacturing Program and continually applies that knowledge in the production of all eyewear. Performs multiple tasks simultaneously with accuracy and thoroughness despite time pressures and customer volume. Utilizes product knowledge to determine the best manufacturing process for both routine and special orders to ensure the production of top quality eyewear in accordance within expected delivery time. Attentive to detail with all measurements, calculations, equipment settings and defective product. Takes initiative to notice and follow up on discrepancies; suggests improvements, recommends solutions and does what is necessary to ensure customer satisfaction. Reviews Accufit and diagnoses vision care needs. Operates Point of Sale inputting all lab statistics with accuracy and attention to detail. Strives to achieve "Exceptional Results” on LensCrafters’ annual CEI/Functional Skills that align with brand priorities. Drives top line performance and bottom line optimization / profitability. Takes pride in the appearance of the store and shows initiative in keeping the lab and stock room clean, organized and safe. Complies with all safety/regulatory requirements ensuring supplies/chemicals are stored and used per chemical safety program. Keeps management informed of potential safety opportunities (i.e. broken tiles, equipment, etc.). Demonstrates safe work practices including the wearing of personal protective equipment while in the lab. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS High School Graduate or equivalent Strong customer service skills (internal and external) Strong communicator and listener Strong basic math skills Organizational skills Problem solving skills Strong inter-personal skills (friendly, caring, patient) Knowledge of store merchandise PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Optical training Previous experience in optical Experience with machinery Upon request and consistent with applicable laws, Luxottica will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities who need assistance in the application and hiring process. To request a reasonable accommodation, please contact Talent Luxottica at 877-589-8253 (513-765-2256 outside of US) or email TalentLuxottica@luxotticaretail.com We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, national origin, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship, veteran or military status, marital status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected pregnancy or maternity leave), genetic information or any other characteristics protected by law. Manufacturing; Optometry; Retail Associate ; Sales Associate Lab tech Manufacturing; Optometry; Retail Associate ; Sales Associate