Reports to: Chief Scientist JOB DESCRIPTION Summary/Objective We are looking for a Research Software Development Engineer with a focus in Artificial Intelligence, to join our Applied Science team in Bellevue, WA. Our team supports the Maana Platform with R&D; in the areas of artificial intelligence, machine learning, knowledge management, natural language programming, and customer-specific data science work. Our work is math/computer science heavy and requires knowledge of algorithms, programming, distributed systems, machine learning, knowledge representation, and artificial intelligence. We have fun, work as a team, solve hard problems, create intellectual property, write papers, and provide the company with unique capabilities that will help us differentiate in a crowded market. Essential Functions Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This person has a passion for technology, excitement to build AI and machine learning production systems, and strong communication skills. Technical skills required include excellent programming ability in multiple languages, ability to invent new ways of solving hard problems and to take a prototype to production. The applicant should have familiarity with algorithms and software in the following areas of artificial intelligence: machine learning, knowledge representation and reasoning, or natural language processing. Excellent teamwork, communication, and collaboration is a must. This position will have ownership of large projects and drive results within and across teams, as well as help attract and grow talent to meet the company's needs Required Education & Experience The ideal applicant has a degree in Computer Science (or a related field/equivalent experience). Technical background across service and microservice architectures, distributed systems and cloud. Experience should show a track record of shipping production systems that include functionality testing, performance testing, and usability testing. Proficiency in Java and JavaScript / Node frameworks and methodologies. Proficiency with Git. Experience turning prototypes into scalable and engineered production systems by developing a project plan, executing on it, and communicating updates. Experience working with industrial or commercial applications involving artificial intelligence technologies. Self-motivation/energy must be able to demonstrate initiative and be proactive with a can-do attitude. Preferred Experience and Skills Work experience with GraphQL Work experience with NodeJS Work experience with React Work experience with Python and other machine learning packages Familiarity with micro-service architectures and open source projects Familiarity with Semantic Web and logic-based reasoners Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. AAP/EEO Statement Maana provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Maana complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. About Maana Founded in 2012, Maana is a privately held company known as the pioneer of Digital Knowledge Technology. Maana has invented a new way to represent industrial knowledge mathematically, using the patented Maana Computational Knowledge Graph™, at the core of the Maana Knowledge Platform™. This unique innovation enables industrial companies to encode human expertise and data from across silos into digital knowledge to help employees make better and faster decisions. Using the Maana Knowledge Platform, Fortune 500 industrial companies can quickly develop AI-driven Knowledge Applications, that accelerate digitizing decision flows and operations. In 2017 Maana was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer for enabling the 4th industrial revolution and also by IHS Markit as a CERAWeek 2017 Energy Innovation Pioneer. Maana’s strategic investors are comprised of GE Ventures, Intel Capital, Chevron Technology Ventures, Saudi Aramco Energy Ventures, Shell Technology Ventures, Accenture Ventures, CICC, Eight Square Capital, and Sino Capital. Customers include Global Fortune 500 industrial companies such as Airbus, BHP, Chevron, GE, Maersk, and Shell. Maana is privately held with offices in Palo Alto, California, Bellevue, Washington, Houston, Texas, and international presence in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia; London, UK; and Copenhagen, Denmark. Visit us at https://www.maana.io/