Our Employees Our Employees are valued and empowered, collaborative and team oriented, innovative in their approach and passionate about their work. They are reliable, trustworthy and open with a high level of integrity. They value diversity, are inclusive and are committed to a global mindset Position Summary We are looking for a unique individual with the leadership skills, intellect, relevant professional experience, and track record of success to assume the position of Global VP Cloud. The Global VP Cloud will have responsibility for the development of our top Cloud customers and partners in Amazon (AWS), Microsoft (Azure), Google, IBM, and Oracle. These responsibilities including global cloud strategy, service creation, and sell through models with targeted Cloud partners, providing a route to market for F5 products into Cloud providers customer base. In this position the Global VP Cloud will manage a team of Account Managers and Solution Architects who foster and grow the partnerships with these Cloud partner. He/She will partner closely with F5 Business Development team in in the overall global Cloud strategy and execution. In addition, he/she assists the team members in developing account plans and participates in strategic and tactical planning. He/she will manage all Cloud personnel within the organization and work with a matrixed System Engineering and WW Channels organization. He/she has responsibility for staffing, training and day-to-day management and he/she will be responsible for global Cloud sales goals/quotas, budgets, and account management within the organization. Expectations are to sustainably grow the business on both a quarterly and annual basis. Our new head of Cloud will be an outgoing customer facing executive that understands that F5’s business is based on creating value for our customers and partners. This role, under the guidance of the VP, WW Channels, will develop the GTM strategy for F5’s overall Cloud business and execute against this strategy on an ongoing basis. Primary Responsibilities: Responsible for upholding F5’s Business Code of Ethics and for promptly reporting violations of the Code or other company policies. Management duties include the supervision of exempt and/or nonexempt level staff. This includes but is not limited to, conducting performance evaluations, approving paid time-off (PTO), assigning or delegating work, providing on-the-job training, giving guidance to staff, conducting performance improvement plans, taking disciplinary action, and interviewing candidates for open positions. Responsible for creation of new offers including Business Development/Go-to- Market and Services Creation activities. The ultimate goal is for the Cloud provider to sell increasing amounts of f5 products and services to their customers. Directs and manages a major part of F5’s Cloud sales activities through the above sated targeted Cloud Providers. Develops and cultivates relationships with the Cloud Providers’ global sales teams and the F5 sales teams, monitoring all metrics and assuring the F5 Cloud team meets both sales and key selling objectives. Ensure that our Cloud Partner and sales strategy is consistently implemented across all F5 theatres including, but not restricted to development of service creation, channel alignment, compensation and reporting. Engages in key customer and channel opportunities and assists with the sales cycle in support of the Cloud sales strategy. Responsible for sales goals/quotas, budgets, and account management within his/her organization. Responsible for developing and implementing sales strategies, making sales presentations and coordinating services needs within his/her organization and forecasts sales volumes. Responsible for sales activities with both a traditional CAPEX as well as utility business models. Input into key product requirements within Product Development to ensure core Cloud user scenarios are addressed. Input into potential acquisitions to close product gaps and/or accelerate time to market. Key influencer into F5 Cloud business and sales strategy for market success including messaging and positioning. Input into business models, pricing\licensing, field compensation, and partner incentives, for Cloud product offerings. Input and contribution into field enablement for broader sales team and support of the competitive messages. Ownership of Cloud investment models both OPEX and Contra. Support strategic Cloud business planning and business plan interlock between the business units and the field geographies. Participate in cross company coordination of F5 family of Cloud products and offerings. Establish a cadence between marketing, pre-sales, sales, services and channel to create organizational alignment. Identify and negotiate key alliance relationships to drive adoption of F5 Cloud offerings. Devise ways to align F5 channel (Distribution as well as Value added resellers) with F5 Cloud strategy across all business models. Regular executive interface for the purposes of reporting progress on Cloud strategy and direction. Perform other related duties as assigned. Qualifications: Previous experience in working with / in key global Cloud providers. Minimum 10 years of successful quota-driven sales experience in the technology industry, preferably in high price-point hardware and software for network infrastructure applications. Minimum 5 years sales, partner or channel management experience, managing field-based teams BA degree in related field (i.e. business, marketing or sales). Track record of success managing sales, partner or channel teams. Must have strong interpersonal and presentation skills and be able to articulate complex technology simply. Strong leadership skills - able to motivate and guide sales team members to achieve and exceed stretch quota goals while building a cohesive team. Must be self-motivated and able to excel with little supervision Willingness and ability to travel on a WW basis is required. Proven success in working in a very fast-paced and pressure filled environment History of repeatedly achieving and exceeding quotas in excess of $50 million A history of providing the highest standards of professionalism and ethical behavior towards both customers and employees Benefits: We provide competitive salaries, a world class benefits package, including 100% of the premium for employee medical, dental and vision insurance, highly subsidized premiums for dependent coverage, 401K match, employees stock purchase plan, 18 days paid time off within the 1st year and 9 paid holidays, life insurance, short & long term disability insurance, tuition reimbursement, and much more. Equal Employment Opportunity It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.