Yazaki is a global leader in the research, development and delivery of vehicle power and data solutions. Yazaki works with virtually every major auto manufacturer in the world, and we've strived to maintain strategic and stable growth throughout our 83-year history. Today, we're on the lookout for energetic people with the potential to perform, as well as the ability to strengthen - and thrive in - the positive work environment we pride ourselves on. Shift: Day Region: USA (US) Location: Canton , MI POSITION SUMMARY Engineers products/systems using established development processes with our automotive customers and internal affiliates and external suppliers. Creates, validates and verifies concepts and designs/data through sound engineering knowledge while following approved company processes and practices. Works independently, as well as, with a team and strives to learn from their experiences and advance in their level of knowledge. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Design reviews to validate design and workability issues may be conducted at customer and Yazaki facilities. Work on specific phases or aspects of projects such as technical studies, product design and technical plans as well as preparing drawings, layouts and customer proposals. Responsible for evaluating competitive products and their performance, prototype testing, trouble shooting, recording, computing, analyzing test data, developing knowledge of new technologies and investigating rework requests May be at the customer’s facilities or a Yazaki facility for the region. Diagnose and trace issues through root cause analysis Interact with other internal / external Engineering assets during the product development with effective communication Propose alternatives or refine designs to reduce cost/weight/warranty or improve quality or manufacturability. Develop and maintain program-specific design documentation (ex.DFMEA, DVP&R, DFM’s, DR review documentation, etc….) Evaluate and interpret information / drawings and documents provided from the customer for completeness and accuracy and clarify as needed Degree Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering or related field Previous Experience: Previous intern/co-op experience Some automotive knowledge Travel Requirements: Work place may by internal or external such as a customer's Engineering location. Domestic and international travel may be required. Language: N/A; Japanese language skills would be a plus, but not required Software: MS Office Suite. Knowledge of 2D or 3D CAD software On Call Requirements: During Customer/Affiliates builds, as required Physical Requirements: General office plus the ability to work with your hands during component builds and vehicle builds. Ability to climb into vehicles to troubleshoot or observe an issue. Yazaki North America is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, national origin, disability, handicap, veteran status, or other legally protected status or characteristic. Equal opportunity extends to all aspects of the employment relationship. Yazaki North America complies with federal and state equal employment opportunity laws and strives to keep the workplace free from all forms of harassment.