Your Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. This position located at our Chicago, IL or Atlanta, GA office and is not remote. Anthem is an industry leading analytic product and services provider to the health care market with the goal to improve affordability, quality and health outcomes for our consumers. We are recruiting the very best candidates to our team of data scientists, data engineers, and industry experts who will help us flawlessly execute our vision to be the gold-standard for Health Care Analytics. The team designs solutions and technology to answer fundamental and complex problems facing our business including: Transforming Payment integrity (e.g., anomaly detection) with Real-time analytics Deep consumer Insights with machine learning predictive models for risk adjustment and health profiling. Optimizing provider network design Financial forecasting Personalizing member experience with recommender algorithms Using APIs to enable Multi-Channel strategy Unlocking the value of unstructured data with Natural language processing (NLP) – e.g., of electronic medical records (EMR) Among our emerging capabilities includes NLP and deep learning to enable personalized consumer-centric solutions to provide our customers the best possible care and value. The ideal candidate will be required to present their approaches and findings to a non-technical audience, such as the marketing team or leadership. The candidate will need to have the ability to interpret data, tell the stories contained therein, lead projects and in general communicate, write, research and present well. Primary duties may include, but are not limited to: Providing informed analytical insights to support business decision-making and product development; Developing and refining analytical project plans and business requirements; Consulting on all considerations related to rapid “machine learning” predictive model development; Contributing to the design of high value Data Science capabilities for programs and initiatives; Enhancing existing predictive models and developing new models; Leading applied Data Science research projects; Authoring and presenting results at internal meetings. Keywords Digital Health, Healthcare Analytics, Data Science, Machine Learning, Optimization, Real-Time, Graph Analytics, Data Visualization, Decision Analytics, Healthcare Economics, Payment Integrity, Data Engineering, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Deep Learning, EMR/EHR, CDA, RxNorm, cTAKES Qualifications – External•Graduate-level degree (PhD preferred) with concentration in a quantitative discipline (e.g., biomedical engineering, computer science, data science, health economics, mathematics, operations research, statistics)•5-10 years’ experience in related healthcare analytics field or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background; Substantial analytical experience within healthcare industry is preferred•Advanced expertise with SQL, SAS, Python, R, or equivalent statistical programing and analysis tools •Comprehensive experience in Teradata, SQL Server, Hadoop, or equivalent database tools•Experience with predictive model development lifecycle for segmentation/ stratification that supports consumer strategies by segment within a major industry (e.g., healthcare, financial forecasting, database/direct marketing, search analytics, web analytics, online retail, consulting) is highly desirable. Preferred candidates will be:•Proficient with healthcare industry terminology, code sets/taxonomies including ICD-10, CPT-4, HCPCS, EHR/EMRs, SNOMED, cTAKES, RxNorm, and personal data (PRO, IoT)•Proficient in developing business cases that include sizing and financial impact;•Able to serve as the Data Science and Healthcare Analytics domain expert on cross-departmental initiatives;•Able to act as a meeting facilitator in product strategy related brainstorm/ ideation activities and synthesize feedback from colleagues, clinical experts, and business leaders;•Able to present and defend results of analyses and projects to stakeholders and senior management. Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and is a 2018 DiversityInc magazine Top 50 Company for Diversity. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.