Principal Industrial Designer - Austin, TX Experience Design Group (EDG) Overview Live and breathe Design? Are finding key concepts hidden deep in world requirements second nature? Want to create elegant Design solutions to complex problems that change the status quo? Sound intriguing? Feel compelled to just design-things-right in your everyday life, just for the sake of it? Then read on. We’re looking for members to join EDG and help create industry changing designs for Dell and the future. You need to be an expert in all things visually digital, with a major strength & focus in solving design problems through simple to understand visual explanations, and the desire & talent to produce highest quality design at every opportunity. Help craft a simple, beautiful, brand-defining experiences - always having an eye to how things could & should be… Showcase your creative talents built over your years of work experience and make us forget what it was like before you joined the team. As Dell continues to grow our Experience Design Group, we are continuing to connect with top talent to assist us in our transformation. If you feel you have the background and have an interest in joining the team, please apply and add your resume and portfolio link for review by our team. We will look forward to discussing this opportunity further as we determine the needs in our Austin Design Studio! Role Responsibilities The Principal Industrial Designer responsibilities are to define a cohesive design strategy for compute solutions that operate in intense, challenging environments. This individual will drive user experience excellence and innovation ecosystem solutions. As a key member of a cross functional team, the Principal Designer will engage customers and account executives as well client technologists to determine pain points and develop industry leading solutions. The team member will also be responsible for flawless execution of design intent leading to successful product launch and market adoption. Requirements Undergraduate Industrial Design degree and 12+ years of relevant experience Expert skillset in 3D CAD modeling (Cero preferred) Expert 3D visualization skills with both sketching and digital tools (Keyshot a plus) Can process and integrate research studies, reports, trends, data, and information into plans, deliverables, and recommendations. Requires strong proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite (primarily Photoshop and Illustrator, Aftereffects). Strong knowledge of materials and processes as well as DFMA. Able to follow and apply existing Design Language Guidelines. Listen. Learn. Deliver. That’s what we’re about. Dell empowers countries, communities, customers and people everywhere to use technology to realize their dreams. Customers trust us to deliver technology solutions that help them do and achieve more, whether they’re at home, work, school or anywhere in their world. Learn more about our story, purpose and people behind our customer-centric approach. Why work with us? Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology. When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution. Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships. We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential. Our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work. _Dell_ _is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics._ _Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell_ _here_ _._