Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Production Engineers at Facebook are hybrid software/systems engineers who ensure that Facebook's services run smoothly and have the capacity for future growth. We are embedded in every one of Facebook's product and infrastructure teams, and are core participants in every significant engineering effort underway in the company. Our team is comprised of varying levels of experience and backgrounds, from university grads to industry veterans. Relevant industry experience is important, but ultimately less so than your demonstrated abilities and attitude. We sail into uncharted waters every day at Facebook in Production Engineering, and we are always learning. These positions are located in our Menlo Park, CA office or Seattle, WA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Own back-end services like our Hadoop data warehouses, front-end services like Chat and Newsfeed, infrastructure components like our Memcached infrastructure, and everything in between Write and review code, develop documentation and capacity plans, and debug the hardest problems, live, on some of the largest and most complex systems in the world Partnered alongside the best engineers in the industry on the coolest stuff around, the code and systems you work on will be in production and used by millions of users all around the world MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline Basic proficiency in UNIX and TCP/IP network fundamentals Experience coding in at least one language (even if it is not one that Facebook uses) Ability to rapidly learn new development languages (, PHP, C++, and Java are all in heavy use) Ability to pick up new software, frameworks and APIs quickly Ability to perform 'guerrilla capacity planning' for internet service architectures Knowledge of basic large-scale internet service architectures (such as load balancing, LAMP, CDN's), even if you haven't worked on one Configuration and maintenance of common applications such as Apache, Memcached, Squid, MySQL, NFS, DHCP, NTP, SSH, DNS, and SNMP A healthy respect for our mottos "Move Fast" and "Be Bold" Good communications skills Detail oriented and careful Ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in the country of employment in 2019