Warren, Michigan ID 1012315 Overview: Our Client is Global leader in IT services, digital and business solutions that partners with its client to simplify, strengthen and transform their businesses. Our Client has been recognised by Brand Finance as one of the Big 4 Global ITServices Brands, is looking for a Data Integration Engineer for project in Warren, Michigan, below is the detail requirement. Responsibilities: Proven experience participating in large software development and infrastructure deployment projects. Perl, Linux (bash)/MS Windows Shells HTML5,JavaScript and jQuery SQL Queries (MySQL and Oracle) Working knowledge on the following: Standard Data Formats (XML, JSON),ETL Experience Apache Web Services installation and configuration Object Oriented Analysis and Design Database schema design (logical and physical) A solid understanding of both Linux-based and Microsoft Windows (Server) operating systems. Adept at the use of performance analysis methods to tune systems, and resolve connectivity problems. High degree of written and oral communication skills Appropriate interpersonal styles to work independently and effectively with team members (paired programming, requirements determination workshop facilitation, modeling/design workshop facilitation) Experience designing and implementing integrated software/hardware solutions High degree of analytical capability where problems are unusual and complex Experience throughout entire systems development life-cycle (Story/Use Case Writing, Application Design, Test Driven Development, etc.) Capable of handling multiple diverse and complex assignments concurrently Accustomed to 24x7 support responsibilities Qualification: Bachelor's degree or equivalent, with minimum of 2 to 4 years as a Data Integration Engineer . Demonstrate excellent communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers. Ability to use strong industry knowledge to relate to customer needs and dissolve customer concerns and high level of focus and attention to detail. Strong work ethic with good time management with ability to work with diverse teams and lead meetings. Keerthana Lorven Technologies, Inc. 101MorganLane | Suite 209 |Plainsboro | NJ 08536 Tel:609-799-4202 X 238 | Fax:609-799-4204 Email:keerthana@lorventech.com