Blackwood Seven brings artificial intelligence to media analytics and planning. We have developed the world’s first automated media allocation platform which maximizes the effect of a company’s media spend using our advanced predictive analytics framework built on machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI). Using real-time modeling and advanced KPI prediction the platform produces optimal on and offline media plans to maximize business performance. Revolutionize the media industry with us as we lead the industry with our innovative artificial intelligence and use of analytics and data to deliver measurable results to our impressive roster of clients. We value trust, transparency and team - we continuously train, mentor and invest in our people. A Strategist is responsible for assisting in the research, preparation and development of media plans in alignment with client goals and analytical direction. A strategist manages the implementation of media plans, providing buy stewardship. The Strategist mentors and manages entry-level staff, ensuring their development, the accuracy of their work, and that all deadlines are met. They serve as support for an Associate Director and Supervisor, and as a source of information for clients, partner agencies, vendors and internal departments. Responsibilities: Build and implement TV, radio, video, print and other media plans as appropriate Conduct research to inform media plans using the planning tools including MRI & T-view Build an understanding of clients’ target audience and provide appropriate media recommendations Provide competitive spending insight using Kantar and / or other sources of intelligence, running reports, preparing and cleaning data, analyzing results, and providing material for client presentation Do ad-hoc research or analysis supporting overall POV on client media or creative performance (e.g. advanced excel and / or pulling data from Google Trends, YouTube, Facebook insights, Brand Index, etc.) Interact and collaborate with Business Analytics and Strategy teams in compiling and producing weekly performance reports Support other ad-hoc or more strategic planning presentations and processes as appropriate Work with members of the client’s team and members of any affiliated agencies associated with client’s business Set up and manage competitive intelligence pipeline using open-source or external tools such as Google Trends, YouTube, Social Media, Google Alerts, iSpot.Tv, etc. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree 3+ years of experience in media strategy/planning at an advertising/media agency 2+ years of experience working directly with clients Knowledge of principles of marketing and advertising, media dynamics and concepts Proven analytical, strategic thinking and communication skills Must be able to work closely with the Business Insights/Marketing Sciences teams and understand and articulate recommendations based on analytics Comfortable managing large media budgets Proven skills in traditional/offline planning (across national TV, DRTV, local media, Audio, and OOH) Detail-oriented with strong analytical, math and problem solving skills Ability to quickly gain knowledge and understanding of client’s industry, business and goals Ability to communicate clearly and concisely Resourceful self-starter, ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment Ability to work well in a collaborative entrepreneurial environment Proficiency with media tools including Commspoint, MRI/SMM, Nielsen, Kantar As a Blackwood Seven employee you will enjoy: Competitive compensation package Unlimited paid time off policy Flexible working hours Benefits (Health, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Account and more) Fitness reimbursement Ongoing learning and classes for employees Team events and outings About Blackwood Seven: Blackwood Seven brings artificial intelligence to media analytics and planning. With an innovative proprietary media platform, we calculate each client’s “media effect formula”, which allows attribution of all channels – online such as search, YouTube and Facebook as well as offline such as TV, print and OOH. Our platform optimizes clients’ media mix and provides a predictive forecast of expected results, in real time. Using a holistic planning approach we combine analytics with industry expertise to build profitable scalable campaigns for our clients from strategy development to execution and optimization. Blackwood Seven has 135 employees in Munich, Copenhagen, Los Angeles, New York and Barcelona.