Our Vision : We exist to continuously improve the American sportswear experience, and our mission is to delightfully serve our customers with high quality products. Our Culture : We are committed to continuous improvement and we eagerly take on new challenges. We value learning, hard work, persistence and results, all coupled with a positive attitude. We help one another, and we ask for help to make improvements in our products, our processes, and ourselves so that we may delight our customers. Our Location: Our Headquarters offices are located in the picturesque Lower Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle on Elliott Avenue West. A collaborative working environment provides the excellent opportunity to work as a team while enjoying views of Elliott Bay. Employees at our Elliott location enjoy height adjustable desks, free coffee as well as subsidized parking options or a fully funded ORCA card. J ob Vision: We are searching for a dedicated, experienced, energetic, individual to join our team in Information Technology at Cutter & Buck. This role will join others in the IT department providing outstanding technical knowledge with great communication skills, a friendly demeanor, and patience. Job Summary and Essential Functions: This position will be a member of a team that is responsible for designing, supporting, and maintaining the organization’s IT Infrastructure in the US and Canada. This includes supporting network, storage and server platforms to ensure optimal performance and uptime. Essential Functions: Secures network by administrating and supporting Cisco, Meraki, and Fortinet firewalls complying by PCI and industry compliance requirements. Responsible for administration, support, and maintenance of Cisco and Meraki routers and switches. Support and maintain Cisco ACS and ISE virtual appliances, Radius, Tacacs+, LDAP, etc… Maintains network performance by performing network monitoring, analysis, tuning, etc… via business management and monitoring platforms. Execute server administration and deployment for Windows/Linux based operating systems in a hybrid cloud and SaaS environment. Assist in maintenance of Shoretel VOIP system and ensure quality of service for voice traffic. Contribute in administration of IDS and Web Filter/Security to ensure protection of company’s digital assets. Review network security penetration testing results and adjust system parameters as appropriate. Executes Patch Management policy by testing and deploying security patches and updates to the organizations network, storage, and server infrastructure. Administer and optimize corporate and guest Wi-Fi networks on Meraki and Extreme platforms. Ensure proper backup and recovery procedures for responsible networking and appliance devices. Create new and update existing documentation on deployment and installation procedures for business hardware and software platforms. Participate in providing internal business support by resolving support requests escalated by other teams. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, maintaining test labs, participating in professional organizations. Creates and revises internal technical documentation of systems Mindset and orientation: Adoption of Cutter & Buck’s Vision. Maintaining a customer-first position while providing in-depth support and administration. Ability to organize, prioritize, multitask, and demonstrate flexibility in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Embrace challenges, learn from criticism, and be willing to see effort as the path to mastery. Education and Experience: Minimum of 4 years’ experience as a Network and Systems Administrator with a focus on infrastructure and networking required A college degree or an equivalent combination of education, certificates, and work experience required Thorough understanding of Microsoft Server, RHEL, and VMware hypervisor environments Demonstrated knowledge with PowerShell Knowledge and experience maintaining MPLS and SDWAN environments Working knowledge of Microsoft Windows 7-10, OSX 10.X, IOS, and Android Ability to support Cisco Anyconnect VPN, Site to Site VPN’s, and remote access client software Experience with OS imaging software: Microsoft MDT and WDS Experience with telephony/VOIP/fax systems Cisco, Meraki, and Fortinet experience Work Environment: High energy, dynamic work environment where you have quick access to all areas of the organizations. On-site daily to ensure maximum support for department. Additional travel may be required to our Distribution Center in Renton, Co-Location facilities in Tukwila, and our Retail Store in North Bend, pending business needs. Our Workplace: Employees shall work in a non-hostile work environment. That is, the employee is expected not to engage in any activity that unreasonably interferes with performance of any other employee, such as sexual harassment, unlawful discrimination or any other behavior that unduly demeans or intimidates another employee. Cutter & Buck is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and socially responsible company. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre- employment post-offer substance abuse testing, complete post-offer background check are required for all positions. A clear driving record may be required for certain positions.