Maxim Integrated is a highly successful, $2.31 billion company. With offices and manufacturing sites around the world, we design award-winning semiconductors that make the world more integrated. We also know that it’s our people who make us a great company. So we reward bold thinking, teamwork, personal growth, and community involvement. Want to make a difference and be challenged every day? Join us at Maxim Integrated. With analog integration, the possibilities are endless. As a Customer Quality Engineer/Manager, the individual will be required to interface with Maxim business units, support groups and customers on support tasks related to quality, reliability, failure analysis and corrective actions for all products manufactured by Maxim. The perspective candidate needs to work with the customer facing team and independently manage the quality relationship with the customer. The person should be a self-motivated quick- learning problem solver with excellent communication skills (written and verbal) who can find and facilitate data-driven solutions for complex issues. Responsibilities would include: Developing internal and external customer contacts and building strong relationships in cooperation with the sales organization and Maxim’s headquarter quality assurance organization Developing, enhancing existing systems and plans to support successful launch of zero defect (ZD) components to customers Assisting customers in the successful qualification of Maxim products, processes and packages Managing customer complaints by interfacing and supporting failure analysis team efforts Resolving customer production and field quality issues, including risk assessments and corresponding corrective actions (e.g. 8D) Addressing and closing customer spec reviews and quality contracts Assisting and closing customer acceptance of Product Change Notifications (PCN) Conducting Quarterly Business Reviews and helping to drive improvement plans/projects Understanding and driving customer quality initiatives Design-in / QA requirements support Work with Customers on identified products and targeted products to ensure design-win and follow-through to smooth production Support Component Engineering at key customers to ensure quality and support for Maxim products Support / Guide Sales Team(s) on quality topics Coordinating and supporting customer visits and audits Scorecard / Quarterly Reviews – PPM, Quality of Service (QoS) meetings Quality Agreements Collection and reporting of QA metrics LI-MC1 Minimum Qualifications Experience/Education: B.S. degree in electrical/electronics or related technical field 5+ years quality experience in semiconductor industry Fluency in English, additional language is a plus A comprehensive understanding of quality, reliability, and failure analysis processes and requirements An understanding of commercial and automotive semiconductor standards Proven problem solving and customer interface abilities Excellent analytical, verbal and written communication skills including presentations internally/externally to multiple levels of an organization Experience in project and account management _Maxim is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status._ Preferred Qualifications Automotive quality systems experience with an understanding of AIAG and AEC requirements, e.g. TS/IATF16949, AEC-Q100. Experience with automotive design or manufacturing (electronic products preferred) Understanding of product development methodology, product assembly, fabrication, and test processes for semiconductors. Experience in project management and account management as a proven team leader and contributor. Experience in manufacturing process flows, corrective action process, and methodical problem solving methods (8D, 5-Why, Fishbone, Fault Tree Analysis, etc). Proficiency in application of Advanced Quality Planning (APQP) techniques, FMEA, process flow diagram, process control plan, quality measurement and statistical techniques (e.g. SPC), quality tools (e.g. JMP), and poka yoke techniques ASQ certified CQE, CQM, certified ISO/TS/IATF auditor, Six Sigma certification Percentage of Travel 10% - 25% Relocation Assistance Available Yes Visa Sponsorship Available No Removal Date 10/23/2018 APPLY TO JOB