Job Description This person will work with emerging and existing technologies to spearhead the development of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) as it relates to a Design Organization within the Automotive Industry. The Design team is looking at ways AI/ML could help organize data, enhance design capabilities, make use of big data, improve vehicle development speed, allow for smarter ways to design vehicles and supporting components, & improve ways to access data and implement AI/ML. Knowledge / Skills Creativity, dynamic thinking, data organization, self-direction, continuous improvement mindset, multiple project coordination, excellent communication skills, demonstrated proficiency with AI/ML and implementing those systems into production, programming experience, ability to quickly learn vehicle design process, experience in CPU and GPU computing. Qualifications Required: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Science & Engineering, or related. Strong math background. Experience in deploying Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning systems to production. Knowledge of AI and ML algorithms. Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence techniques such as Convolutional Neural Networks. Experience with Machine Learning with frameworks such as Tensorflow. Computer vision and image processing experience. Programming experience in Python (any other languages such as C++, C, or JavaScript are a plus). Experience with Machine Learning in the browser or on mobile systems. 3D data processing and graphics programming experience. Understanding of 3D data (Bezier, nurbs, poly-models, etc.) and their use in Design. Data science and statistics background/experience a plus. Position Duties: Meet with development teams to strategize process and design plans for implementation of AI/ML. Research and develop working prototypes to validate programs are functional. Review best strategies for hardware/software/networks/storage needed to support projects. Interface with Design staff to understand their needs related to AI/ML. Resolve technical design conflicts. Manage projects to meet program standards, deadlines, deliverables & requirements. Manage multiple projects and interface with teams in a professional and respectful manner. Be capable of understanding various 3D CAD and visualization programs including formats (Bezier, nurbs, poly-models, etc.) and their manipulation in designing vehicles. Keep current with AI/ML trends and techniques.