GIS Database Administrator-1805731 Description Hancock Natural Resource Group (HNRG) was founded in 1985 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts. HNRG develops and manages diversified timberland and agriculture portfolios for a global client base, and is the world’s largest timberland investment management organization. HNRG is a registered investment adviser and wholly owned subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corporation. Role Purpose: Supports GIS Databases and associated systems and resource information throughout all Hancock Natural Resource Group (HNRG) businesses including Hancock Forest Management (HFM), Hancock Agriculture Investment Group (HAIG), and Hancock Timber Investment Group (HTRG). Provide data governance and quality assurance of all resource information and related data. Responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of enterprise wide resource databases and applications. Accountabilities : Data integrity and governance Perform ad hoc queries as needed to correct data issues. Draft and execute SQL scripts to support property acquisition and bulk data maintenance. Constantly monitor data integrity. Develop and maintain data quality assurance processes to maintain a high standard of information. Provide information management expertise and advise on best practice. Ensure intellectual property is protected and that adequate security measures are applied. Develop data standards and ensure objectives are met throughout the business. Document data policies and procedures to ensure reliable and secure information. Database Administration Monitor database performance and capacity. Implement measures to optimize database performance and apply best practice. Plan for future expansion and modify data structure to accommodate application development needs. Monitor and control database user access, backup, archiving and security. Business analysis Support business analysis efforts between IT and business groups. Develop an understanding of the HFM and HAIG businesses and their resource information requirements. Support and development initiatives Design and develop conceptual and functional data structures to facilitate development of resource information systems and maximize value from the Esri platform. Support the development effort of ESRI based applications and database. Assist in the design, implementation, and enhancement of spatial and non-spatial information management workflows. Provide support and leadership in special projects as required. Research and Training Stay up to date with latest technologies and best practice. Attend training as required to upskill and maintain currency of expertise. Competencies: Business Acumen Understands and applies general business management principles and practices. Teamwork Works co-operatively with others to achieve organisational goals and strategies. Customer Commitment Discovers, understands and takes personal responsibility to meet external and internal customers’ needs and considers the impact of all activities to the customer. Communication Communicates (verbal and written) and interacts effectively with others in a wide range of situations. Attains positive outcomes through influencing skills. Openness to Change Adapts and works effectively in a changing environment. Analysis and Decision Making Secures a variety of written information and identifies key issues and relationships. Takes or recommends a course of action. Continuous Performance Improvement Finds creative and new solutions and manages the change process, helps the organisation move towards an enhanced competitive position. Results Focus Demonstrates motivation and perseverance with plans to achieve outcomes. Developing Relationships Builds effective relationships to achieve business goals and mutually beneficial outcomes. Builds trust Planning/ Organisational Skills (Multi- tasking) Plans actions to accomplish goals systematically, including establishing timeframes, allocates resources, and follows up on details. Learning and Development Demonstrates commitment to ongoing learning and growth in both personal and professional capacities Problem Solving Generates solutions to problems by systematically breaking them down into component parts. Role Competencies: GIS and Database Experience with the ESRI suite including ArcGIS Desktop, Server and mobile products. A strong understanding in RDBMS especially SQL Server. Competence in the support and development of SQL databases and data structures including Esri Enterprise and SDE. Forestry operations management An understanding of forest management practices and mapping and information needs of forest managers. Training & Support Skills in developing and delivering GIS and other systems training as required and provide support for HFM Systems. System Development Experience in database design and the ability to execute future system development initiatives. Qualifications: Educational qualifications Tertiary qualifications in IT, GIS, RDBMS or related discipline. Work experience A minimum of three years’ experience in Enterprise GIS development. A minimum of two years’ experience in the TIMO\forest industry (preferred). Experienced using the Esri ArcGIS platform, database design, and application development in an enterprise setting. Experience with Microsoft SQL Server. _Hancock Natural Resource Group_ _is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. The Company is committed to employ, train, promote and compensate individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability without regard to race, color, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, veteran or marital status._ Primary Location: US-MA-Boston Business Unit: Private Markets US Job Function: Information Technology Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: Jun 28, 2018, 3:32:53 PM Unposting Date: Aug 28, 2018, 3:59:00 AM