At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future! System Administrator for Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS) at Luke AFB. The system Administrator is responsible for providing the overall on-site maintenance and support of the system. The System Administrator serves as the primary point of contact for any questions or concerns raised by users or senior Leadership. Administrative responsibilities include updating systems and software consistent with the Patch Management Plan, performing backup and recovery, maintenance of training jackets - import/export, account creation/modification and monitoring system performance. In case of a security incident, the System Administrator assists Security in investigating the incident, assessing system impacts, and restoring the system to normal operation. System Administrator will perform duties to include the following: Backup/Restore/Disaster Recovery, Hardware/System Monitoring, System/Software/User Maintenance. Maintains smooth operation of multi-user computer systems, including coordination with network administrators. Duties may include setting up administrator and service accounts, maintaining system documentation, tuning system performance, installing system wide software and allocate mass storage space. Interacts with users and acts as Subject Matter Expert for use of product suite. Coordinates installation and provides backup recovery. Develops and monitors policies and standards for allocation related to the use of computing resources. Monitors and reviews security audit logs. Must be willing to travel, to include Squadron CONUS/OCONUS deployments for extended periods depending on operational needs. Position may require the ability to perform in an arduous duty environment and subject to all applicable U.S. Government requirements. A detailed list of these requirements will be available at the time of interview and employment will be contingent on agreement and compliance with such requirements. The Locale: Glendale, AZ is part of the central region of Arizona and is part of the Phoenix metropolitan area. Glendale is located right in the center of the region close to many of the best attractions and institutions that Arizona has to offer. In addition to the Grand Canyon National Park, there are several national forests, national parks, and national monuments in Arizona. Flagstaff, AZ is about 2 hours north of Glendale with its mountains and skiing. Tucson, AZ is about 2.5 hours to the south. Put away that snow shovel because the region has a subtropical desert climate typical of the Sonoran Desert in which it lies with extremely hot summers and warm winters. Desired Skills: 1) Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to create presentation material for Base Leadership (e.g. Officers and management) 2) Proficiency in all MS Office applications 3) Familiarity with existing LM products and processes, to include Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) F-35 hardware and software 4) Certified in Security+ 5) Demonstrated system administration skills, to include: a) Setting up configuring and troubleshooting all aspects that make up Storage Area Network (SAN), logical unit number (LUN) and host bus adapter (HBA) Hardware b) Setting up configuring and troubleshooting all aspects that make up Internet Protocol (IP) Switch Fabric architecture (Routing, Fail Over, etc) c) Working knowledge of Networked Attached Storage (NAS) and supported protocols d) Engineering skills required for maintaining Enterprise Server Racks e) Strong Working knowledge of SSL/VPN security architecture with integration into multi-layered Firewall architecture f) Ability to work with EMC storage configuration tools (Navisphere, Visual SAN, Fabric Manager) g) Performing System Virtual Volume Imaging and Recovery, Disk to Disk/DR and Disk to Tape h) Understanding of Network Open System Interconnection (OSI) Model Layers. i) Backups of Physical servers (Windows 2003 OS), virtual machines, ESX server j) Disaster recovery/restores k) Hardware/System Monitoring of physical and virtual servers l) System Maintenance - scheduled upgrades/maintenance, startup and shutdown of rack components m) Software Maintenance – applying OS updates, antivirus/antispyware updates, and patch updates n) User Account Maintenance (Active Directory) 7) COTS/developed software skills 8) Software Engineering background and experience 9) Integration & Test experience 10) Periodic Reinvestigation must be within the last five years. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Candidates must have an Initial secret security clearance investigation within 6 years from the investigation close date. Candidates Must be able to attain and maintain Special Access Program (SAP) access. In addition to the following: 1) Strong systems & software engineering and/or system administration process background 2) Prior System Administrator experience 3) Good Communication & Verbal skills 4) Self Starter & the ability to multitask 5) Must hold an active DoD Secret clearance and be able to obtain and hold Special Access Program (SAP) clearances 6\. Must be willing to work varied shifts (i.e., 0600-1430, 1430-2230, 2230-0630) and flex according to Mission requirements 7\. All positions must be willing to support military deployments/detachments (ship and/or shore) in accordance with the requirements listed in the following document: 8\. JSFSDD-3693970v10FY16A_Annex_F-1_Deployability_Requirements_for_the_F-35_(US_Services) 9\. Positions requiring shipboard deployments must be physically able to work in Ship board environment 10\. Must able to obtain and retain Security+ certification Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.