Job Summary: Who we are. We’re fans who help fans everywhere get in to the live events they love. A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favorite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think _that’s_ pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you. Why you should work with us. Our biggest investment is in our people. We offer comprehensive health benefits and 401k matching, student loan assistance, plus career-boosting opportunities like tuition reimbursement and targeted development sessions to help all eligible employees thrive. At Ticketmaster, expect the fast-paced excitement of a startup with the rock-solid support from an industry leader – with plenty of ticket perks on the side. See what it’s like working at Ticketmaster. The role: Be a key part of our leadership team, interfacing with multiple levels of the organization and helping drive results and outcomes. Develop strong relationships with our product leaders and clients and partner with them on the ideation and execution of new products and integrations. Build and grow a team of expert engineers to deliver world class products. Participate in architecture and solution design, mentoring engineers, exploring frameworks, toolsets or processes to improve the team’s productivity and be accountable for quality software delivery. Be fully accountable for the engineering capabilities, architectural decisions and ensuring our systems perform at scale and we have the right engineering personnel to help disrupt the industry. Qualifications: 10+ years managing, mentoring and building highly performant software engineering teams focused on quality delivery at scale Ability to assess and bring in new technology as needed to solve business problems at scale, preferably with solid experience in AWS or other cloud environments. Ability to own and manage multiple concurrent projects, including presenting and negotiating with stakeholders on the interdependencies and possibilities of what can be realistically delivered Expert at spotting talent and passionate about growing world class engineers on your team. Experience building services or applications where performance is an important consideration. Things that are easy at low scale can be incredibly challenging at Ticketmaster's scale so experience with performance tuning, reliability, redundancy, and fault-tolerant architectures is necessary. Strong communication and presentation skills with the ability to influence and align. Preferred to have experience in containerization, modern build practices and a dev-ops mindset.