L3 ComCept is located in Rockwall, Texas just 30 minutes from the heart of downtown Dallas. We are a results driven organization with an “employee-first” mindset, focused on innovation and delivery of quality products and services to our customers. L3 ComCept is looking for a Software Engineer to research and develop new artificial intelligence technologies enabling autonomous operations. Are you a software engineer with an interest in machine learning? Are you seeking an opportunity to work on a small team in a challenging and rewarding agile development environment with direct business and revenue impact? If so, read on! Your Day-to-Day Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To: The successful candidate will design, develop, document and test challenging machine learning applications for Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) sensor management, multi-INT sensor data processing, and Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) multi-vehicle Command and Control (C2). It will require an individual with interest in real-time and near real-time streaming data processing and machine learning applications that enable autonomous operations. This effort will involve being creative and innovative in how assets are self-organized for collection, processing, and feedback for adaptive decision-making across distributed UAS systems and subsystems. This effort will involve working with a fast moving team, always interested in the best technical solution, and open to new ideas that make the product better for our customers. Qualifications Required Skills and Qualifications: U.S. Citizenship The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Security Clearance Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or Physics. A related Degree may be considered Must have 5 or more years of experience in software development Programming skills in Java, C++, or Python Experience with object oriented design and analysis Experience with artificial intelligence / machine learning / deep learning tools and techniques (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch) Experience with networked application development using inter-process communication Experience with algorithm development and deployment Experience with software integrated development environments (e.g. Eclipse, NetBeans, Visual Studio, etc), software unit testing, and software debugging Experience with software configuration management tools (e.g. Git, Mercurial, Subversion) Excellent communication skills, including written, oral, and listening Experience working independently or in a small team environment to achieve project goals Desired Skills and Qualifications: Active DoD Secret or Top Secret Security Clearance Master’s or Doctorate Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics Experience with Linux development Experience with DevOps tool chains for continuous integration / continuous delivery Experience with machine learning algorithm development and deployment to Nvidia Jetson TX1 or TX2 processors Experience with internet protocols (e.g. IPv4/IPv6, TCP, UDP, HTTP) Experience with message oriented middleware (e.g. ZeroMQ or Java Messaging Service (JMS), ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ) Experience with modeling and simulation (e.g. DIS, HLA) and data generation for application testing Experience with DevOps tool chains for continuous integration / continuous delivery Experience with ISR sensor and geospatial data standards and data processing techniques Only candidates that meet the needed qualifications as outlined above will be contacted for further information. Candidates must be able to obtain/maintain a DoD clearance which requires U.S. Citizenship and must be able to pass additional security background checks as required. About Us: L3 Technologies ComCept specializes in ISR sensor networking, data processing, visualization, advanced analytics, and antenna systems. We are experiencing rapid growth and increasing market share which provides excellent career advancement potential. We offer candidates a highly competitive base salary and benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, tuition reimbursement, eligibility to work a 9/80 schedule which means you could have every other Friday off, and a generous vacation policy. L3 Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities / Females/ Veterans/ Individuals with Disabilities/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. US Security Clearance Required : None Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time Organization : Division - Comcept-20000033 Job Level : Individual Contributor Job Posting : Aug 6, 2018, 1:21:03 AM Job : Engineering-Hardware/Software