_Youth Recreation Program Manager, 1.0 FTE_ _JobID: 4783_ Position Type: Community Education/Program Manager Date Posted: 8/1/2018 Location: Minnetonka Community Education Center (MCEC) Date Available: August 2018 Closing Date: open until filled Assignment: Full-time, full year assignment, including some evenings and weekends. Salary & Benefits: $47,951-$59,081 Benefit eligible position Position covered by School Board Policy 440 Primary Objective of Position: To develop, plan, organize and supervise high quality District-wide youth recreation programs including a basketball league, dance program, before school, after school and summer camps and classes and event planning for several small and large community recreation events. Job Responsibilities: Plan, schedule, and oversee classes and programs. Recruit, train, supervise, and evaluate staff. Manage all aspects of a large youth basketball league for boys & girls grades 9-12, including hiring referees, player evaluation, team formation, coach recruitment and training, practice and games schedules, and site supervision. Plan and carry out tournaments. Contract with program providers and manage vendor relationships. Assist with program marketing throughout the District and the community. Maintain class information for catalog and web site. Manage registration and payroll. Review and assess program enrollment and class evaluations; provide regular reports to Coordinator. Communicate regularly with school administrators, secretaries, instructors, service providers, and parents. Plan and execute the Tonka Trot and the Tonka Mud Run each year with our partner organizations. Duties include managing event registration, event logistics and event day support. Plan and implement new programs to meet changing community needs. Support Minnetonka Community Education major events including Youth Triathlon, 4th of July Firecracker Run, Tour de Tonka. Performs other duties of a similar nature or level. Qualifications: B.A. or B.S. in recreation, youth development, or a related degree. Evidence of successful experience in program planning and leadership. Evidence of innovation, creativity and self-initiative. Evidence of excellent communication, data management, reporting and organizational skills. Evidence of the ability to work with a minimum of supervision. Evidence of ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks. Demonstrated ability to relate well to youth and adults Demonstrated ability to maintain a high level of professionalism and confidentiality. Strong interpersonal skills as applied to interaction with coworkers, supervisor, volunteers, the community, vendors, instructors, etc. The ability to coordinate programs within budget guidelines. Current certification in First Aid and CPR. 0 Email To A Friend Print Version