The successful candidate will research, design, implement and validate cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data; will produce new analytic solutions that will become part of NPO (Network Planning and Optimization) core deliverables and will advocate and evangelize them. The candidate will work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of use cases and optimization services. Will propose analytics strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around. As our data scientist, the candidate will provide expertise on mathematical and statistical concepts for the broader team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the organization. The candidate will be working with Nokia AVA cognitive services platform. Nokia AVA is a cloud-based platform that combines big data storage, intelligent analytics and extreme automation, allowing Telecom operators to move away from traditional reactive network operations to a cognitive approach that predicts faults and solves them rapidly. As well as delivering today's expert services, AVA will facilitate a more efficient and faster delivery of Nokia services across the entire network lifecycle. As part of the job, our data scientist will also: Lead the functional and technical analysis of customer needs regarding analytics Contribute to the design of the customer solution Perform audit of the data quality, document the data extraction and transformation needs Make the data cleaning and wrapping, collaborate to integrate targeted data in the data lake Propose, test and select the best machine learning algorithms using different data scientists' tools and statistical methodologies to discover, describe and predict Build high quality prediction systems to be integrated with our services Select, build and optimize machine learning techniques Provide workflows, source code and document notebooks for the industrialization Do ad-hoc analysis and presents results in a clear manner Actively shares and distributes information within the team Think both analytically and creatively about the most effective ways to use data to answer questions Present and interpret analytics findings and participate actively in discussions of results, internally and externally to Business Line Be capable to effectively interact with data analysts, data managers, domain experts and development engineers in use case implementation as well as interact with Markets and customers to articulate analytics strategies and solutions. Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, recommendations and optimization algorithms. Experience in delivering world-class data science outcomes, solving complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches with unique blend of analytical, mathematical and technical skills. Passion about asking and answering questions in large datasets, and ability to communicate that passion to product managers and engineers. Very good applied statistics and mathematics skills Data oriented personality Comfortable in working in international teams, virtual and cross-functional Certifying MOOCS (Coursera, Stanford, etc...) can be a complement Solid knowledge in statistics: descriptive analysis (Student's test, Fisher test, ANOVA, Chi2, etc…), supervised and unsupervised analysis (regressions, CAH, PCAn, K-Means, decision trees, etc...) Machine Learning: linear and logistic regressions, discriminant analysis, bagging, boosting, random forests, gradient boosting, neural networks, text mining and topics extraction, etc. Deep Knowledge and experience with common data science toolkits and scripting languages: R , Python (sklearn, panda, numpy,..) or Spark (Mlib) data science libraries Experience with common data science toolkits and scripting languages Ability to investigate issues and come up with resolutions for large data sets a must Ability to work independently and be a self-starter Excellent organizational and communication skills Fluent in English (written and verbal). Nice to have: Agile best practices experienced Cloud basic concepts understanding Education: Bachelor’s degree minimum, Master considered in priority – Mathematics, Statistic, Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Physics 5+ years of experience applying statistical concepts and methods, including predictive techniques from data source.