About the Job Why the role at 8x8 as Data Engineer? Data is the new currency in the IT world and the UC space is no different in leveraging AI and Machine Learning to derive valuable insights from all the employee and customer interaction data”. Customer engagement models and expectations are changing. As organizations increasingly compete on customer experience (CX) and engagement, senior managers are being tasked with transforming their company’s CX. Key to this transformation is the increased need to support interactions between customers and employees in a more contextually rich and intelligent manner. Customer expectations are constantly evolving. People are surrounded by technology that operates in real time to make their lives easier, so they expect customer service to work in the same way. AI can analyze all relevant data with detailed information on previous interactions and a complete customer history all in one place. This means that advisors have good context for the call, so they can handle a query quickly and in line with customer expectations. 8x8 is seeking Data Engineers to join our new data platform team. This is an exciting opportunity to become a member of the data platform team working on analytics, ML and AI. Check us out at 8x8.com https://www.8x8.com/blog/blurring-the-lines-of-enterprise- communications-8x8s-enterprise-engagement-solution?utm_medium=social-media- organic &utm;_source=linkedin&utm;_campaign=19Q2_idc-guest-blog-post What you will do: Building robust, reliable, automated data pipelines Programming in Java, Scala or Python. Writing complex SQL on Hive, SparkSQL Work on Java Data Services to extract data from HBase, Elastic and serve in JSON Working on real-time pipelines, Kafka, Kinesis, Spark streaming, Apache Flink Real-time analytics on Elastic search Working with large data volumes, including processing, transforming and transporting large scale data using big data stack: M/R, Hive SQL, Spark etc. Building custom data loads using scripting language Python or Shell script. Experience with Big Data stack of technologies, including Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, and HBase. Design, build and launch new data models in production. Design, build and launch new data extraction, transformation and loading processes in production. Define and manage SLA for all data sets in allocated areas of ownership. Work with data infrastructure to triage infra issues and drive to resolution. What you need: BS/BA in Technical Field, Computer Science or Mathematics. 5yrs of experience with Hadoop ecosystem, or distributed systems Experience in custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance. Experience working with either a Map Reduce or an MPP system. Experience with object-oriented programming languages Experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling. Experience in writing SQL statements. Ability to analyze data to identify deliverables, gaps and inconsistencies. Communication skills including the ability to identify and communicate data driven insights. Ability in managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients. Working with distributed systems Nice to have: Experience with lots of data in production ML experience in production (if not that’s ok you will get it here!) AWS Data warehouses (Redshift etc.) Kafka Elastic search analytics When applying, please tell us about some of the real-world problems you have worked on, that show your application development experience.