Quality Assurance Manager ( Job Number: 1700036H ) Description The Chicago Public Schools (CPS) has set ambitious goals to ensure that every child in every school and every neighborhood has access to a world-class learning experience from birth, resulting in graduation from high school college- and career-ready. CPS is the third largest school district in the United States, serving nearly 400,000 students at 500+ schools across the City of Chicago. The Quality Assurance (QA) Manager provides oversight, planning, and management for Chicago Public Schools (CPS) Facility Operations & Maintenance and Improvements. This individual will oversee the Facilities and Maintenance team vendor management process as well as quality assurance of services provided to schools. This role reports to the Director of Facilities Operations. Key Responsibilities: Manages quality assurance for Facilities and oversees quality programs at Chicago Public Schools that include quality engineering, custodial, supplier programs, and statistical process control. Input, prepare, and maintain the quality assurance program in support of initiatives. Responsible for participating in audit reviews in the various facilities. Continuously refine QA objectives, fine tune QA reports and Facilities-wide metrics. Oversees supplier investigations and supplier performance. Deliver weekly quality assurance and continuous process improvement status reports. Attend internal and external meetings, providing regular updates on quality assurance and continuous process improvement issues and concerns. Draft correspondence, gather data, document process maps, and draft presentations. Makes regular contact with vendors to keep abreast of quality issues and to resolve quality problems. Develops action plans to maintain and improve product quality and principal satisfaction. Initiates investigations of quality concerns, determine corrective actions to be taken and implements corrective actions. Recommends, interprets and enforces quality policies and practices. Assists in the development of policies and procedures. Promotes a customer service environment that is consistent with long term management objectives. Plans, organizes and allocates the department’s resources to meet department and company goals. Type of Education Required : Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Engineering, General Construction, Architecture, or a related discipline or a combination of education and 10 years of experience related to this position. Type of Experience and Number of Years Required : 5-7 years of facilities, engineer, or custodial management experience, including experience at a senior management level. Experience managing multiple, large-scale facilities operations. Required Qualifications: Knowledge of Facilities Management: building codes, fire and safety codes; and maintenance management systems Knowledge of Facility operations including mechanical systems, custodial services, building maintenance, bid process and vendor project management Knowledge of daily, weekly, monthly and annual schedule of custodial service in large foot print operations Complex problem solving skills with ability to communicate issues and resolution to customers Excellent written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to engage fully with peers, team members, leadership, and key stakeholders. Demonstrated ability to prioritize and manage multiples tasks concurrently Excellent organizational and delegation skills Knowledge of local, state, and federal laws, rules, and regulations and collective bargaining agreements. Additional Notes : CPS employees are required to be actual residence of the City of Chicago within six months of beginning employment, and are required to maintain Chicago residency throughout employment. Chicago Public Schools is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment based non-immigrant and immigrant visas. Chicago Public Schools is an EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals, including minorities, females, veterans, and individuals with disabilities, are encouraged to apply. Residency Requirement: As a condition of employment with the Chicago Public Schools (CPS), employees are required to live within the geographic boundaries of the City of Chicago within six months of his or her CPS hire date and maintain residency throughout their employment with the district.