SCADA IT Services Database Administrator Reference Code: 51966 Location: United States (US) - Houston, TX Job Category: Information Technology/Systems Employment Type: Employee Full-time Relocation Eligibility: This position is not eligible for our relocation program General Information Reporting to the Manager of Information Technology Operations and Infrastructure (ITOI), SCADA IT Services, the Database Administrator is an expert in administrating and maintaining all databases for TransCanada’s business critical Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems. As an experienced SQL database administrator, the successful applicant will provide support and maintenance to ensure a properly stable and reliable 24/7/365 operation of database services that meet business desired service levels. This role will be responsible for the day-to-day operations of SCADA database services, providing operational support, and implementing effective and responsive computing solutions. We anticipate filling this position locally and therefore the position is not eligible for domestic or cross-border relocation assistance. Responsibilities Provide rotational database operational support, during and after normal business hours. Duties will include on call and call out as required; Provide daily operational support for SCADA SQL environment; Lead the discussion and work with team members to identify performance bottlenecks, tuning of both SQL statements and tuning the RDBMS software, and have the knowledge to recommend models, create physical schema structures, maintain user connectivity, and provide adequate security as required; Lead collaboration initiatives with stakeholders to ensure current capabilities meet new, existing, and evolving business requirements; Install SQL on newly built servers, apply patches as needed, create/configure all database maintenance jobs; Create and maintain all databases required for development, testing, and production usage; Provide logical application models, create physical schema structures, maintain user connectivity, and provide adequate security as required; Adhere to SCADA standards on change management, problem management, and incident tracking; Work with other team members to help develop and implement effective policies, processes, and tools for supporting and managing SCADA database environments; Other tasks as required. Qualifications and Education Qualifications: Proven ability to communicate and collaborate effectively with clients, support staff, vendors, and service providers; Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot issues in complex mission critical environments; Possess excellent organizational and planning skills and have the ability to manage competing priorities under tight deadlines; Have a strong personal initiative, ability to deliver high quality results, and desire for continuous improvement; Demonstrated ability to work independently or as a team when necessary; Ability to perform effectively under tight deadlines with multiple priorities; Develop and evolve documentation as required. Work effectively with other employees within the team. Education/Experience: Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a technical diploma in a related discipline combined with minimum 6 to 10 years of direct experience in SQL database management; Strong experience in MS SQL 2008/2012, familiar with SQL High availability solutions; Solid understanding and hands on experience supporting Windows 2008, Windows 2012, and Windows 2016. Experience with Windows cluster; Ability to assist developers with scripts as needed. The following would be considered an asset: Previous experience with SCADA and/or industrial control systems; Experience with virtualization technologies such as VMWare; Experience with storage technologies such as NetApp: Experience in Sybase and Oracle; Experience supporting and maintaining Windows Server; Previous development experience in .NET. This position requires candidates to: Have and maintain a valid driver's license; Travel to other company locations for temporary assignments, meetings or training which would involve some overnight stays away from home; Provide 24-hour support on a rotational on-call schedule; This position will require travel across borders and as such the candidate must be able to provide applicable documentation to this affect. yep Depending on the qualifications of the applicants, the successful candidate may be offered a position at a more appropriate level and/or ladder. Applicants must have legal authorization to work in the country in which the position is based with no restrictions. All positions require background screening. Some include criminal and/or credit checks in order to comply with regulations. Please apply to this posting by 08/16/2018. To apply, go to jobs.transcanada.com and enter Reference Code 51966. Only applications submitted through the TransCanada Careers website will be acknowledged. TransCanada is an equal opportunity employer and participates in the E-Verify program supervised by the U.S. Government. Make what you do matter. At TransCanada we dream big, think big and do big things. For over 60 years, we've had the vision and scale to deliver big things that matter to the world. From supplying reliable and efficient energy to millions of North Americans with our pipelines, gas storage and power generation facilities, we believe in making big things possible. TransCanada is looking for people who are willing to think about the future...and think big. We're looking for people who are ready to take on the most significant challenges of their careers and define energy infrastructure in North America. Thank you for choosing TransCanada in your career search.