Job Description Who we are looking for: The Cloud Security Eningeer/Architect will directly contribute to the overall global enterprise Cloud architecture and lead the security vision and strategy around Cloud-based applications. How you will make an impact: Serve as the central point of contact for Enterprise Security for other Technology teams within the organization. Design and develop security architectures for Cloud and Cloud hybrid based systems. Design and implement Cloud-native architectures that will allow business requirements to be met with a minimal degree of risk to the organization Represent security Platform in development and implementation of the overall global enterprise Cloud architecture. Works with Engineering, infrastructure services, and application development organizations to choose appropriate technology solutions Leads initiatives designed to share knowledge across Security Platforms and Technology teams Identifies, recommends, coordinates, and delivers timely knowledge to support teams regarding technologies, processes or tools. Create, modify, and maintain Optiv’s Cloud Reference Architectures Qualifications Qualifications for success: Previous experience in a Security Architect and/or Engineering role. Demonstrated Experience with assessment, development, implementation, optimization, and documentation of a comprehensive and broad set of security technologies such as (Secure Software development, Application Security, data protection, cryptography, key management, and identity access management. Knowledge of standard Cloud-native authentication mechanisms Familiarity with deployment orchestration, automation, and security configuration management. Experience working with cloud security and governance tools, cloud access security brokers (CASBs), and server virtualization technologies. Experience with enterprise applications (architecture, development, support, and troubleshooting). Ability to perform threat modeling and design reviews to assess security implications and requirements for introduction of new technologies. College Degree or/ equivalent experience. Additional Information Why you’ll love it here: If you are seeking a culture that supports growth, fosters success and moves the industry forward, find your place at Optiv! Optiv’s mission is to deliver comprehensive, integrated cybersecurity programs to optimize customer security programs to be more effective, efficient, manageable and measurable. Our aim is to become the world’s largest cybersecurity solutions integrator by leveraging our expertise in security technology, market-leading services, and innovative approaches. We have served more than 12,000 clients of various sizes across multiple industries, we offer an extensive geographic footprint, and have premium partnerships with more than 350 of the leading security product manufacturers. Optiv is a privately-held company backed by KKR, a leading global private equity firm. With Optiv you can expect: Entrepreneurial and collaborative environment A competitive total rewards program Professional training opportunities Engaging and fun culture Opportunity to work with industry leading, talented peers LI-FM1