Calling the adventurers ready to join a company that's pushing the limits of nanotechnology to keep the digital revolution rolling. At KLA-Tencor, we're making technology advancements that are bigger—and tinier—than the world has ever seen. Who are we? We research, develop, and manufacture the world's most advanced inspection and measurement equipment for the semiconductor and nanoelectronics industries. We enable the digital age by pushing the boundaries of technology, creating tools capable of finding defects smaller than a wavelength of visible light. We create smarter processes so that technology leaders can manufacture high-performance chips—the kind in that phone in your pocket, the tablet on your desk and nearly every electronic device you own—faster and better. We're passionate about creating solutions that drive progress and help people do what wouldn't be possible without us. The future is calling. Will you answer? Group/Division First to deliver the best imaging and classification data for every defect or point on any later at any time. EBeam’s mission encapsulates its role as the “eyes” of KLA-Tencor’s product line, providing timely information on defects and critical locations on the wafer at the highest spatial resolution possible. Customers use EBeam products alongside KLA-Tencor patterned and bare wafer inspectors to quickly understand the nature of defects and other imperfections on product wafers and take action to correct the manufacturing process. Responsibilities The successful candidate will be part of eBeam systems engineering team working on the development of next generation eBeam tools and maintaining current generation eBeam tools. This position is a swing shift and the engineer will need to be able to work from 2:00 pm to 11:00 pm. To be successful, the candidate will need to perform the following functions / tasks: Work with and support development engineers in the design, development and qualification of various eBeam Review and Inspection subsystems, to validate if the subsystems are meeting specifications. Participate in system and subsystem conceptual design and development, component selection, test fixture construction for risk retirement and concept validation, vacuum and high voltage diagnostic, assembly procedures creation and release. Working with the manufacturing facility in Singapore for the implementation and introduction of new and modified design changes and procedures. Prepare technical reports summarizing and communicating test results, Learn the complete process and methodology associated with ebeam system, calibration and qualification of vacuum and high voltage systems, Learn to operate a fully functioning ebeam review tool, Learn the application needed to qualify a complete system. Provide training and coaching to other engineers and technicians as needed. May require travelling to customer site to support escalations as needed. Preferred Qualifications Candidate must have strong knowledge in some or all of the following areas: ultra-clean and ultra high vacuum systems and components, gas sources and gas delivery systems, vacuum leak detector, particle sniffer test equipment, operating automated or manually operated complex semiconductor tools and test fixtures, training and operating atmospheric and vacuum robots, and maintaining complex tools and test fixtures. Installing and operating electronic equipment, computers, power supplies, lasers, cooling systems, mini-environments, tool air-conditioning systems, pneumatics sub-systems, vibration isolation platforms, and vacuum chambers. The candidate must have hands-on experience in assembly of electronic circuits, cables, pneumatics circuits, and gas delivery and vacuum sub- systems. Knowledge of Labview is a definite plus. Experience working and handling materials in ISO-5 clean-room is required. Must be able to generate reports using MS-Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Minimum Qualifications Technical School with at least 10 years of experience. Extensive vacuum system experience. Extensive clean room experience. Prior certifications in laser, electrical and chemical hazard / safety (will get re-certified with internal training). Proven ability in servicing and maintaining semiconductor manufacturing or metrology equipment. Equal Employment Opportunity KLA-Tencor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law.