Analyst, Associate (S,R &C;) - 256391 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Primary Location MA-Boston Full-time / Part-time Full-time Employee Status Regular Overtime Status Non-exempt Job Type Experienced Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift Day Job Job Sensitivity Tier II CC@Hire/No CC@Rescreen Analyst, Associate Job Summary: The subject Associate Analyst provides business process, analytical project management, and organizational support to management and staff of a diverse set of business lines. The incumbent will be responsible for drafting and reviewing materials and data analysis for stakeholders; communicating with various stakeholders on behalf of management; and proactively and independently addressing issues as they arise. The Associate Analyst is expected to have significant depth and breadth of knowledge of Microsoft Office products, including PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and SharePoint. This position is best suited for an individual who is service-oriented, self- motivated, and thrives in a dynamic environment. Principal Responsibilities: Provide analytical, operational, and administrative support to unit officers, managers and staff; Collaborate with unit management on business support needs; serve as lead/coordinator for various administrative projects that the unit conducts; Perform ad-hoc project management activities and report on performance against project objectives; Administer and/or develop business line SharePoint sites; Lead and contribute to the development, documentation and/or execution of business processes (e.g., document management); and Support or lead administrative activities at department or unit level (e.g., large scale meetings or conferences) Key Competencies: Strong business analytical and project management skills; Ability to communicate clearly and succinctly in writing and verbally; Sound judgment, excellent organizational skills and ability to work on multiple assignments simultaneously, prioritize work and meet deadlines; Advanced proficiency with MS collaboration suite (e.g., PowerPoint, Word, Excel and SharePoint); and Dedication to advancing and supporting diversity and inclusion efforts, and encouraging diverse perspectives, ideas, and approaches Other Accountabilities: Perform other duties as assigned. Ability to travel (up to 5%) required. Knowledge and Experience: Knowledge and experience normally acquired through, or equivalent to, the completion of a Bachelor's degree. Incumbent must be equally comfortable carrying out projects and work independently, and working collaboratively with department and Bank colleagues. This position requires access to confidential supervisory information, access to which is limited to "Protected Individuals" as defined by regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Protected Individuals include, but are not limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and lawful permanent resident aliens (also known as "green card holders") who are eligible for and seeking United States citizenship within the requisite timeframes. As a condition of employment, Federal Reserve Bank of Boston employees must comply with ethics rules which generally prohibit employees, their spouses, and minor children from owning securities, such as stock, of banks or savings associations or their affiliates, such as bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies. If you or your spouse or minor child own such securities, and would not be willing or able to divest them if you accepted an offer of employment, you should raise this issue with the recruiter for this posting, who can provide you contact information if necessary. All employees who are assigned to this position will be subject to credit, FBI fingerprint/ criminal background and Patriot Act/ Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) watch list checks at least once every five years. Successful internal posting candidates will also be subject to credit re-screening before transferring. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work required of this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities or skills associated with this position or the personnel so classified. While this job description is intended to be an accurate reflection of this position, management reserves the right to revise this or any job description at its discretion at any time.