First Republic is an ultra-high-touch bank that provides extraordinary client service. We believe that one-on-one interactions build lasting relationships. We move quickly to serve our clients’ needs so that their financial transactions are handled with ease and efficiency. Client trust and security are paramount in our line of business. Ultimately, our goal is unsurpassed client satisfaction which will lead to personal referrals – our number one source of new business. We recognize that our competitive advantage starts with our people and our culture. At First Republic, we work hard and move quickly as a very coordinated team. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow and contribute in a fun, fast-paced environment, First Republic is the place for you. We have exceptional people focused on providing extraordinary service. The AIM Administrator is responsible for maintaining application, database, server and network access using various applications and tools. Responsible for completing access requests and ensuring timely handling, monitoring departmental queue for requests and ensuring work product is in compliance with Policy, Standards and Procedures. Analyzes requests to various business systems and applications, including creation, deletion and modification of access within business roles and groups, as required. Responsibilities Responsible for provisioning/de-provisioning of access to applications, infrastructure and operating systems as per established Policy, Standards and procedures. Responsible for updating and resolving request tickets and ensuring timely settlement of assigned user requests and issues as outlined by Service Level Agreements. Well versed with following processes: New Hire On-Boarding, Employee Off-Boarding, Department Transfers, Access Remediation, and Privileged Access. Assist with troubleshooting and problem analysis by working with other teams, vendors or users in diagnosing and resolving users access issues. Assist with unique/complex security access requests including internal and external audit and disaster recovery testing. Qualifications A minimum of 2-3 years of related experience with user provisioning and de-provisioning. Requires strong interpersonal and organizational skills, including the ability to meet deadlines, follow written policies standards and procedures, and provide consistent and superior customer service. Must be proficient with the following: Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, service request management systems. An understanding of financial services industry core banking applications, including mainframe systems. Requires willingness and ability to adapt to rapid changes in order to support and use emerging technologies. Mental/Physical Requirements: The ability to learn and comprehend basic instructions; understand the meanings of words and respond effectively; and perform basic arithmetic accurately and quickly. Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals and computer screens. Hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person. Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions. Position involves sitting most of the time, but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. Must be able to travel in a limited capacity.