About CastleGate CastleGate was created to dramatically improve consumers’ shopping experience, and develop a unique competitive advantage for Wayfair. We do this by offering one and two-day delivery times, lower prices, and higher delivery quality of home products than has historically been possible. In order to accomplish this goal, CastleGate partners with hundreds of suppliers, and provides access to our rapidly expanding portfolio of logistics services. CastleGate is one of Wayfair’s newer business units, is growing rapidly, and operates entrepreneurially. We are looking for highly motivated individuals to help expand this business. On our CastleGate Team you will have the ability to: Own and drive a part of the business that has real and immediate impact on the success of Wayfair. Develop and execute transformational strategies that generate a game-changing competitive advantage and enduring customer satisfaction. Partner with a team of smart, motivated and engaged individuals in an environment that is both collaborative and risk taking. Visit the link to hear from one of our Wayfair founders, Niraj Shah, and our team to get a more in-depth understanding of CastleGate: https://www.youtube.com/embed/4ChIwUySYhs About the Role: Do you thrive in a start-up environment? Do you have the business savvy and problem-solving skills necessary to grow a business? Are you looking to come on board and make an immediate impact? If so, you would be a great fit for one of Wayfair’s newest businesses, CastleGate Fulfillment Services. Wayfair is looking for a talented, driven, and entrepreneurial Senior Manager, Business Analytics to build and execute strategy for a high-growth business. This person will play a key role in the monitoring, analysis, and optimization of the new and rapidly expanding CastleGate Fulfillment business. The ideal candidate is an energetic team player who can use data to effectively drive results in a fast-paced and rapidly growing company. Due to the high visibility with senior leadership throughout the organization, the candidate must also command strong senior presence. This person will be responsible for analyzing and reporting out on CastleGate customers, operational metrics, and business growth. The candidate must have an interest in innovating to solve business problems creatively and a willingness to hit the ground running. The ideal candidate is self-motivated and has a high degree of comfort breaking down large data sets and synthesizing results to diverse audiences. He/she has demonstrated success in leveraging data to drive decision-making. The senior manager will serve as an internal consultant to groups across the company, building standardized and ad hoc reporting to support rapid growth and scaling. The ideal candidate has successful project management experience and can balance quantitative analysis and critical thinking with effective communication. He/She also thrives in a fast-paced environment and is able to adapt to change quickly. He/She is a skilled manager, able to provide strong direction, remove roadblocks, and coach team members to success. The senior manager will be able to work at both a strategic level (enabling growth through innovation) and at a tactical level (pivoting between projects real time, digging into data to understand and report trends, and understanding the nitty-gritty). A success Senior Manager will : Serve as the strategic leader and voice for operational reporting and analysis for the CastleGate Fulfillment Services business Deliver seamless, cohesive analyses and reporting to senior leaders across the company Create executive level dashboards and tools that provide insight into the health and trends of the business Lead support for account managers with relevant data and trend analytics; drive reporting on key service level metrics and value proposition for fulfillment customers. Work collaboratively on data needs with cross-functional groups, including Engineering, Warehouse Operations, Planning, Data Integration. Know the numbers behind the business inside and out; serve as the subject matter expert for all internal stakeholders. Manage, coach, develop team of Business Analysts. Skills & Experience: Bachelor or Master’s degree preferred in statistics, econometrics, engineering, or quantitative field At least 5 – 7 years analyzing very large datasets with SQL (Teradata, Oracle, or MySQL) and R, or other statistical package Expert Knowledge of analytical techniques. Specifically working knowledge of concepts such as, clustering, segmentation and time-series (i.e. regression, forecasting) Senior presence with thoughtful, articulate communication style. Adept at communicating up and down and pivoting to the audience’s needs. Comfortable thinking outside of the box to build structure around loosely defined projects. Track record of success in managing and developing a team. Entrepreneurial spirit, self-reliant and able to motivate others. About Wayfair: Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.