Job Summary: Performs a variety of clerical and administrative duties to support the management of inventory for assigned areas. This position typically works under close supervision and direction. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities: Maintains and adheres to established Cubic material control process and procedures. Confirms incoming/outgoing orders to verify receipts/ shipments of items on requisition or invoices: Maintains logs and files documents. Unloads incoming freight. Checks all orders for damage and record on waybill as necessary. Verifies count against pack list and receive in the inventory management system. Resolves discrepancies with procurement. Organizes and maintains materials in storage areas: Secures material in bins, on floor area, on shelves according to identifying information such as project, material style, size, or type of material. Maintains supply chain components for maintenance activities and programs by submitting requisitions and/or sales orders for materials to fill orders. Distributes stock among technicians, keeping records of material issued: Maintains inventory in local and external storage areas (vans and customer locations). Fulfills internal and external supply and material orders. Audit materials by performing cycle counts. Receives customer documentation and enters data from field service reports: Updates all internal process documentation. Receives and processes all incoming and outgoing customer parts. Processes shipments according to packaging requirement instructions derived from contracts. Performs all shipping functions and maintains detailed manifest of shipments (incoming and outgoing): Maintains logs and file documents. Utilizes 3rd party software to produce required shipping and bar code labels for all shipping suppliers. Minimum Job Requirements: Two year college degree, or equivalent, plus a minimum of three years of administrative experience. Must be able to lift or move up to 50 lbs and the ability to stand, reach with hands and arms, climb and balance. Ability to use a personal computer and perform word processing. Knowledge of spreadsheet, database, presentation, e-mail and appointment scheduling software desired. Ability to operate a copier, fax machine, and calculator. Must be able to exercise tact, diplomacy, courtesy and judgment in communications with all levels of employees and outside contacts. Ability to follow written and verbal instructions. Able to perform clerical and administrative work requiring a high degree of accuracy. Ability to prioritize work, complete multiple tasks, and work under deadlines. Ability to work at a computer for extended periods of time. Must have good oral and written communication skills. _The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need._ Worker Type: Employee