Please submit a resume, cover letter, and list of 3 references (at least 2 previous employers) as one document when applying. All candidates who are current employees of CCE Tompkins must apply as internal applicants. Please note that changes cannot be made to an application once it is submitted. For more information about how to apply, pay rate, and benefits, please see the message at the bottom of this posting. This position is a regular, part time position, with flexibility in schedule and scheduled hours for the right candidate. Benefits eligibility begins at 20 hours per week. Pay is commensurate on experience. This search will be open until a suitable candidate is identified. Position Summary : In this position, the Association’s IT Coordinator (Web Developer) will report directly to the Executive Director and work with special project leads as needed to accomplish targeted goals related to website development and maintenance. The primary responsibilities of this position will include: systems analysis techniques and procedures and design, development, and analysis of web based systems based on CCE needs and uses. The Web Developer will coordinate information technologies with a significant emphasis on web development for the Tompkins County Association and other special projects as directed, for possible application to other Associations. Specifically, this person will be responsible for collaborating on the development of websites and web applications, provide expert technical leadership in website development, and recommend objective and comprehensive technical options for the Associations utilizing developed websites. This person will also be responsible for educating staff with the effort of increasing productivity through the use of technology. Required Qualifications: Associates Degree or equivalent (GED/ High School Diploma and 1 year transferrable program/ functional experience). Experience working successfully in a diverse organization (i.e., race, gender, sexual orientation, class, religion, ability, undocumented, first-generation, etc.). Highly skilled at coordinating the web development projects of a large organization and/or a group of organizations including supervisory skills in providing direction to other web developers Proven experience developing web applications; ability to manage multiple initiatives while meeting scope, schedule, cost and quality requirement. Strong initiative and commitment to the Association (s). Proven success as a team player/self-starter with the ability to analyze tasks, work independently, and drive projects to completion; professional, flexible, adaptable, and accepting of change. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to communicate complex technical solutions to technical and non-technical staff, team members or management is essential. Minimal travel required. Ability to meet acceptable background check standards. Ability to work flexible hours which may include evenings and/or weekends, as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree preferred, with background in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) educational disciplines, such as Computer and Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Software Engineering, and Computer Engineering Technologies. Experience using languages and frameworks such as Ruby / Rails / Capistrano, Javascript / ES2016, React / Redux, GitHub and CircleCI. Experience using electronic tools such as OneNote, OneDrive, Cloud tools, and Sharepoint. At least 2 years of professional experience and abilities specific to web technologies and development. Proven ability to work in a fast paced service-oriented and delivery-focused environment. Responsibilities/ Essential Functions: Direction (15%): Assist supervisor to design and develop web applications for the Association and in some cases for a group of Associations. Assist supervisor to analyze the association’s business system needs, constraints, and requirements and explore potential web application solutions, identify existing web applications that can be utilized, and develop new applications when needs cannot be met by existing applications. Assist supervisor to utilize staff feedback to develop systems that meet needs and address concerns. Management (25%): Work as part of a team and independently to manage multiple projects meeting scope, schedule, cost and quality requirements, and drive projects to completion. Create and manage the entire website application with a focus on systems that can be sustained by the Association and monitor/ oversee the web operations. Manage Linux server with a focus on security and performance. Monitor web applications for improvement. Supervise casual employee who assists with Web Development tasks. Develop training materials for IT and Web related staff trainings. Coordination/ Operation (55%): In cooperation with Supervisor and/or Executive Director, jointly develop and pursue a professional development plan as a means to increase competencies relative to position accountabilities and to address changes in programming and Association priorities. Collaborate in activities that are in general support of Cornell Cooperative Extension and other duties as assigned. Professional Improvement and Other Duties as Assigned (5%): In cooperation with Supervisor and/or Executive Director, jointly develop and pursue a professional development plan as a means to increase competencies relative to position accountabilities and to address changes in programming and Association priorities. Collaborate in activities that are in general support of Cornell Cooperative Extension and other duties as assigned. Health and Safety (Applies to all Duties and Functions): Support the Association to maintain a safe working environment. Be familiar and strive to follow any applicable federal, state, local regulations, Association health and safety policy/procedure/requirement and standard. Act proactively to prevent accidents/injuries and communicate hazards to supervisors when identified. EEO/ EPO and Policy (Applies to all Duties and Functions): Appreciate and embrace diversity in all interactions with clientele, staff, volunteers and the public. Assist the Cornell Cooperative Extension system in reaching out to diverse audiences. Aware of, and adheres to, established Cornell Cooperative Extension Association of Tompkins County policies and procedures. Contribute to the overall success of the organization by performing all assigned duties in a professional, timely and accurate manner. Benefits: The Association offers excellent benefits, based on eligibility, including: Vacation, Sick and Personal time Paid Holidays NYS Health Insurance Program (including Dental Insurance) NYS Retirement Long-term Disability Insurance Voluntary Tax Deferred Annuity Voluntary Flexible Spending Accounts Voluntary Group Universal Life Insurance Voluntary Personal Accidental Insurance Voluntary Legal Plan Insurance Voluntary Long Term Care Insurance Voluntary Auto and Homeowner’s Insurance Voluntary Pet Insurance Voluntary New York’s College Savings Program Vision Access Program How To Apply : Applicants (including current employees of other Cornell Cooperative Extension Associations other than Tompkins) must apply online through the APPLY button in this job posting. Current employees of the Cornell Cooperative Extension Association indicated in this job posting are considered internal applicants and must apply online through their Workday account which may be accessed here: http://workday.cornell.edu/ IMPORTANT! All applicants must submit a COVER LETTER (please reference the position you are applying for), a RESUME and indicate in your cover letter, resume or other document three individuals who may be contacted as REFERENCES. Please consider indicating in your application all information you feel would be helpful for selection committee members to know. Once the application is submitted you will NOT be able to change your submission or add attachments. Be sure that you have followed all directions and requirements listed in the job posting. The Association may make reasonable accommodations to enable applicants to participate in the hiring process and employees to perform the essential functions of their job. If you require an accommodation so you may participate in the selection process you are encouraged to contact Cornell Cooperative Extension Administrative Systems at (607) 255-2117, or via email at: cce.recruitment@cornell.edu . The successful candidate must pass criminal background, sex offender registry, and driver history checks. Job Title: Association IT Coordinator Level: 005 Pay Rate Type: Hourly Company: Contract College Contact Name: Krystal Watson Number of Openings: 1 Cornell Cooperative Extension is a collaboration among Cornell University, the United States Department of Agriculture, the State of New York, and the residents of New York State. Per NYS Law, county and regional extension service associations are subordinate government agencies. This employment opportunity is with the entities listed and not with Cornell University. _Cornell Cooperative Extension is an employer and educator recognized for valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities. Individuals who bring a diverse perspective and are support of diversity are strongly encouraged to apply._