Company Overview Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: IBKR) is a direct access electronic broker catering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. Our clients have access to more than 120 market centers in 26 countries from a single account. We are the lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronic broker based on daily average revenue trades executing over 800,000 trades per day.[1] Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. [1] Figures as of January 1, 2018. Information on the company can be found at www.interactivebrokers.com Click the link to view a short video with a few words from current Interactive Brokers employees: https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=31899 Job Description and Responsibilities Are you a high-energy, self-starting engineer with hands on experience with Artificial Intelligence? Then Interactive Brokers is the place for you. We take pride in providing our global client base with cutting-edge trading applications. Our company was founded by a software engineer with a mission to rewrite the rules of trading by automating anything and everything. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows. Our engineers work with latest technology, command respect in the firm, and have competitive compensation packages. Develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems using Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning; improve deep learning engine that services our brokerage clients: https://ibkr.com/bot This role bridges the gap between Software Engineer and Research Scientist. Add more skills to the neural network, define training and validation sets; code automated tests. Setup feedback learning loop and fine-tune behavior based on customer interactions. Formulate and run experiments to improve comprehension rate by altering topology, tweaking activation and learning function and alike. Assist in coding execution engine. This position is for our New NYC office located within a seven minute walk from Grand Central for someone commuting in on the MNR. It is close to the 4, 5, 6, 7 lines (at Grand Central), E, B, D, F, M lines (Rockefeller Center Station), N, R, W lines (49th St Station). Qualifications MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field. Working experience with any major deep learning engine; familiarity with Deep Learning for Java (DL4J) toolkit is a major plus. Hands on Java coding experience. Ideal candidate will be skilled in natural language processing, predictive and classification algos. Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail. English written/verbal communication skills.