We are now looking for an GPU Profiling Engineer At NVIDIA, we build groundbreaking products for the following sectors: VR, Gaming, Deep Learning, Automotive, and High Performance Computing. See your efforts in action as developers use your tools to debug, profile and analyze the performance of their systems/applications using the low-level library that you helped to craft as a member of the GPU Foundations Developer Tools team. Innovate as you develop new features for our SDK library to support current and future generations of GPUs. Help inventors the world over who will depend on the creative products that you worked on to deliver. As a GPU profiling engineer, you will develop software that empowers GPU application developers to build killer graphics applications that are known throughout the world. We are seeking a senior software developer to join our effort to advance the state of the art of software performance tuning games and other applications that utilize GPUs. You will utilize your knowledge gained of NVIDIA chip architectures to improve our tools that provide actionable feedback to application developers. As a software engineer in the Developer Tools organization, you will be establishing software solutions for game consoles and working directly with our GPUs at a low level. You will have direct impact on the performance analysis software mechanisms that our team provides. You should be comfortable working in existing driver code and application code as well as writing new shared libraries and targeted GPU performance tests. What you’ll be doing: Develop new tools for GPUs running on embedded and custom operating systems Work with multi-disciplinary teams to design, implement, and verify performance metrics and collection methodologies for NVIDIA GPUs. Innovate and improve our GPU profiling library with new features to allow game console developers to extract the best performance out of their applications. Create software that will be used to analyze graphics and compute dispatch shaders to ensure efficient use of GPU hardware Understand and utilize the NVIDIA GPU performance monitoring system Work with NVIDIA's GPU Architecture and Developer Technology teams to refine data collection methodology and practices and add to our library What we need to see: B.S. EE/CS or equivalent with 4+ years of experience or MS with 2+ years experience, or Ph.D. Strong programming ability in C, C++. Knowledge of computer architecture (e.g.: x86, ARM CPUs, GPUs) Experience working in device drivers, realtime systems, game console middleware, or other low level library development Ways to stand out from the crowd: Background including shipping device drivers or system software Knowledge of a GPU API's such as: CUDA, OpenCL, OpenGL, Direct3D, Vulkan Prior experience authoring developer tools, particularly for GPUs or games Understand game engine core technologies as it applies to GPU hardware Experience in performance analysis, particularly of GPU applications You have worked on computer algorithms and proven ability to choose the best possible algorithms to nail complex problems Ability to read and write assembly language for multiple processor architectures. Knowledge or experience in compute architecture, operating systems, and compilers. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you are creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people in multiple disciplines to help us accelerate the next wave of computing. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.