Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: As a software engineer in Identity team, you will be working with various feature domain partners and external partners in creating next generation identity experiences and building world class payments and money management integration solutions. Our engineers solve some of the most complex technical problems in the world of payments across all business units. We are looking for the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to deeply understand our products and services to push our technology forward with respect to functionality, performance, reliability, and scalability. Job Description: As a software engineer in Identity team, you will be working with various feature domain partners and external partners in creating next generation identity experiences and building world class payments and money management integration solutions. Our engineers solve some of the most complex technical problems in the world of payments across all business units. We are looking for the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to deeply understand our products and services to push our technology forward with respect to functionality, performance, reliability, and scalability. You’ll work alongside the best and the brightest engineering talent in the industry. You need to be dynamic, collaborative, and curious as we build new experiences, improve existing products, and develop identity systems powering the world’s largest e-commerce and payment websites at a scale that only a few companies can match. The primary job requirements are: Expert in designing and building web applications and web services in a commercial setting. Strong full stack development experience. Expert in design and implementation for availability, scalability and performance. Ability to work with multiple partners/teams and lead projects to delivery. Strong hands-on programing in JavaScript and Node.js. Expert in modern web front-end technologies (HTML5/CSS/JavaScript) and frameworks (like Dust.js, React.js, Angular.js). Experience working with RESTful services. Strong programming fundamentals and analytical skills. Sharp learning curve and open to learn/work in new technologies. Good communication and team building skills Over 5 years of relevant industry experience in the above technologies. Strong foundation in design patterns and protocols. Good understanding of OAuth and experience in identity domain is a big plus. Experience working on or with open-source projects is a big plus. Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: Bachelors Degree or Equivalent (Required) We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.