Sr IT Systems Administrator I - Windows Raytheon IDS IT - Woburn, MA What’s YOUR Mission? Here at Raytheon, we work together as _one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place_. Our innovation spans all domains: from land and sea to air, space and cyberspace. We’re inspired by a noble mission that’s shared by Raytheon employees around the globe and an inclusive culture that empowers employees and celebrates their contributions. Our IT organization ensures that Raytheon teammates across the globe are able to communicate, collaborate and innovate for customer success. We create leading-edge technology solutions to prevent security threats, protect the integrity of our systems and support Raytheon’s IT infrastructures around the world. System Administrators collaborate with a diverse team to support fast-paced, critical programs with classified information system capabilities. Success in this role means you are able to develop, implement and maintain secure, cost- efficient environments across various classified programs. Program teams rely on your collaboration and guidance to define computing requirements and create end-to-end solutions to solve complex IT infrastructure problems. This position is located in Woburn, MA with potential for international and/or domestic travel. US DoD Secret Clearance (US Citizenship) is required for this role as of Day One of employment Relocation support is provided to the selected applicant if eligible per Company policy. The budget will be capped at an amount to be discussed at the appropriate time. Responsibilities: Assure system reliability and performance through monitoring and infrastructure management Provide system administration and maintenance support on Windows based environments in client/server, network and data storage capacities Respond to online service requests from users Ensure server and application compliance with security and performance requirements (NISPOM, RMF) Convert and upgrade to new systems Develop and maintain technical and operational documentation to continually improve our computing environments Engage in knowledge sharing to further develop the overall capability and performance of your technical team Required Experience: 4+ years of experience with Windows operating systems, including Windows 7 and 10, Server 2008, 2012 and 2016 Active Directory and group policy management Data storage and data backup technologies Virtual computing technologies Thin client technologies Domain Cotroller US Citizenship as a US Govt Secret Clearance is required. Desired Experience: Security+ certification Ability to collaborate effectively Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Science, Mathematics or a related field Directly applicable professional experience in a related field is accepted in lieu of a University Degree What We Offer: Whether you’re just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon offers a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon offers include paternal leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care. Find out why Forbes ranks us among the top 500 of America’s Best Employers by visiting us online at www.raytheon.com. Stay Connected: Don’t miss out on what’s happening at Raytheon. Follow @Raytheon on Twitter Follow Raytheon on YouTube Follow Raytheon on LinkedIn Follow Raytheon Company on Instagram 114489 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.