Wing is an on-demand drone delivery service that can deliver food, medicine or other items within minutes. We’ve also developed an unmanned traffic management platform to safely route drones through the sky. Our service is faster, safer and produces far less pollution than traditional delivery. Originally created in 2012 within X, the Moonshot Factory, Wing is now an Alphabet company. As a Business Data Engineer, you will live and breathe data from all aspects of Wing’s business operations and make it available in innovative, impactful ways to help our team make important engineering and business decisions. This key role includes constructing, implementing and enhancing data schema and pipelines from Wing’s wide array of sources (e.g. aircraft logs, airspace reservations, order management systems, in-app analytics, etc.) You'll also implement new business tools (e.g. CRM, marketing analytics) to facilitate business processes, analyses, and customer support. X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world- changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x]. Responsibilities Design, build, launch, optimize, and extend full-stack data and business intelligence solutions spanning extraction, storage, transformation, and visualization layers. Collaborate with Wing business and engineering teams to ensure our data infrastructure meets constantly evolving business requirements. Write and review technical documents, including requirements and design documents for existing and future data systems, as well as data standards and policies. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Experience working with data analysis and dashboarding tools. Experience writing and maintaining extract, transform, and load scripts (ETLs) which operate on a variety of structured and unstructured sources. Experience with one or more programming languages (Python, Java, C++, etc). Experience working with marketing, data visualization, and customer service tools (e.g. Gamma, DataStudio, Cases, Speakeasy, Redwood). Preferred qualifications: Experience extracting data through web APIs and identifying opportunities for business or product improvement, and defining and measuring the success of those initiatives. Experience with data pipeline development tools (Flume, Millwheel, Capacitor, Xenon). Experience with full-stack integration and building data visualizations for complex business applications. Experience with implementing third party CRM/Marketing Automation tools such as Salesforce, Marketo, Zendesk, Tableau, etc. Demonstrated oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate complex findings in a structured and clear manner to a non-technical audience. Effective project management/organizational skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.