At Arup, our innovative spirit compels us to express our ingenuity in unique ways —developing many of the world’s most innovative and sustainable buildings, transport and civil engineering projects. Arup is a global engineering and consulting firm of 14,000+ creative minds. Our integrated approach to engineering and design brings together the best professionals to meet our clients’ needs. CAD Modeling Design Technicians, known as BIM Technicians within Arup, play a critical role in delivering high quality data enriched models and the resulting drawings to our clients. Within the Arup team, this involves overall project planning, detailed design development and coordination between all disciplines, managing and adhering to office/client BIM standards. BIM Technicians are at the forefront of all digital innovations within the office and must be able to implement new tools on the fly and train others to do the same. Job Responsibilities: Coordinate in-coming and out-going model and drawing information Work across disciplines to ensure an overall design fits together and satisfies each discipline’s individual requirements Develop engineer’s concepts and sketches into accurate models and drawings, through direct communications Create accurate models from point cloud data. Manage submissions and ensure proper QA/QC protocols are implemented Filter highly detailed model and annotative information into logically organized, easy to read packages Skills: Proficient in AutoCAD (AutoCAD based platforms) or MicroStation Working knowledge in Revit, Inventor, 3dMax, or similar platforms. Working knowledge of Autodesk Recap for laser point cloud creation / manipulation; laser scan point clouds in formats such as .pts, .las, .rcs as model input data Knowledge of Grasshopper, Navisworks, Digital Projects, Tekla, 360 Glue, or other parametric, fabrication or coordination tools, would be a strong asset. Problem Solving - Tackle detail/task level problems. Adaptability - able to jump from project to project and stay abreast of all changes. Creativity – Inject new thinking into both design and drawing production challenges Efficiency – should see a thorough understanding of, or development of, all applications/tools/functions as key Time Management – must be realistic about how long tasks will take and reasonably assess if meeting specific deadlines will be problematic Qualifications & Experience: Assoc/BS/MS degree in Engineering, Architecture, or similar building design profession, and /or accredited training in Building Information Management, Computer Automated Design, Drafting and annotation, model visualization. Minimum of 2 years - Experience working in the building design/construction environment Interest and passion for all aspects of the built environment and how ideas become reality. Communication – fluent in written and spoken English Eligible to work in the United States. Qualities: Organized and detail oriented Comfortable balancing multiple roles and responsibilities in high stress situations Ability to think of big picture implications to individual decisions Able to take ownership of any task and efficiently take it to its conclusion Proactively check resource data and work of self and others Ability to conceptualize and design practical solutions Comfortable in team environment, sharing roles and responsibilities, knowing when to speak up, and when not to Have a positive attitude about the challenges all projects face, and exude a confidence that makes other comfortable handing over responsibilities Always eager to learn new ways to do things and adapt to new ways of thinking. Arup is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.