NVIDIA is pioneering on a variety of fronts, including artificial intelligence, deep learning, robotics, autonomous vehicles and, of course, computing. It is a very exciting time to be at NVIDIA! NVIDIA is harnessing its prowess to help developers stream compute intensive applications and games to customers. The Developer Content Services team develops the technology platform to help developers build, distribute, monetize, and analyze their applications with NVIDIA. Our team is expanding. We are looking for top-notch software engineers to join us. Do you want be part of a growing team that is building a creative platform for developers to manage their applications in the cloud? What you'll be doing: Collaborate with users, product owners, and your peers to design, implement, and test awesome web applications by gaining deep understanding of our larger business context Solve challenging problems by developing elegant, maintainable code Deliver rapid iterations of features based on user feedback and metrics Actively contribute to the adoption of frameworks, standards, and new technologies What we need to see: Proven track record of building highly-scalable interactive web applications Experience building scalable web applications with React. Expertise with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. Experience in instrumenting front end code to gain metrics and insights. Passion for “automating all things” with regards to testing, continuous integration/delivery, and operations Curiosity and eagerness to explore new problem spaces and technologies Experience with delivering software using agile development practices and tools. Passion for web technologies and a desire to remain up to date with the latest technologies You have a BS or MS in Computer Science and 5+ years relevant work experience, or 8+ years relevant work experience NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.