Purpose Responsible for gathering and fulfilling report requests and for analyzing databases to ensure data integrity and consistency. Essential Functions Assists others in accessing, consuming, utilizing and exporting data for various analysis and reporting purposes. Helps with the design and construction of one or more databases using student-level data. Helps collect data from school districts, perform and document data validation and quality checks. Collects user report requirements; conferring with others on project team. Maintains data dictionary by revising and entering definitions. Identifies database characteristics, such as location, amount of space, and access method. Maintains user reference by writing and rewriting database descriptions and report queries. Determines changes in physical database and documenting. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Basic understanding of SQL language and experience writing SQL queries. Some familiarity with one or more relational database management system such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL, Server, Oracle, or Microsoft Access. Some familiarity with a reporting or visualization tool such as Tableau, Power BI, or SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS). Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with cloud platforms like Azure and/or AWS. Experience designing databases for analysis and reporting purposes. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Climbing of stairs A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus