USS is looking for a dynamic Operations Manager who will be responsible for managing all operational functions at a branch. If you have the will to win and are a team player, this role is for you. RESPONSIBILITIES: Direct oversight of dispatcher/routers, service technicians, pick up & delivery drivers, yard personnel, fence crew(s) and shop. Review of all paperwork including manifests, routing tickets, DVIR's, etc. for completion and accuracy. Monitor all service levels and deliveries to ensure the best efficiencies. Recommend measures to improve operational practices and quality of customer care. Work directly with other departments to ensure excellent/positive communication within region. Work with various departments to resolve customer service & delivery issues. Work with Operations Managers at other branches to coordinate asset transfers. Maintain proper staffing levels to meet and exceed customer and branch needs. Analyze and report on operational activities, i.e., service levels, routing efficiency, labor & overtime, fuel, etc. Work with the Regional Vice President to develop and implement standard practices, efficiency recommendations, etc. Responsible for fleet DOT administration including, log books & record maintenance, etc. Review and approve e-time punches prior to submitting for payroll processing. Review and approve time off request forms and schedule time off based on operational necessity. Responsible for the administration of the company's safety program at the branch. Works with Safety & HR departments to safety coordinate training, where necessary. Responsible for employee development & conducting periodic performance reviews. Create and maintain a positive, safe and effective work environment. Drive/operate variety of company vehicles. Pull trailers with company vehicles. Special/other projects as assigned by management. In order to be successful at this job, here are some SKILLS you should have: Customer Service Team Building Organization Time Management Communications Decision Making and Problem Solving Knowledge of proper cleaning & repair of those assets. WORK ENVIRONMENT: You are regularly exposed to outside weather conditions, moving mechanical parts, and fumes or airborne particles. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud. This position requires you to travel regularly to off-site work locations and use of vehicle will be provided. Associate's Degree (AA) from two year college or technical school; or equivalent combination of education and experience. At least 4-5 years related experience and/or training Valid Driver License (Class C). ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Have experience with multi-stop routing system & dispatch procedures Computer knowledge (Navision, Microsoft Office & routing/logistics software). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Knowledge of financial statements. Experience managing a budget. Knowledge of all company assets in inventory. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled