Akamai Sales Operations is currently transforming its centralized operations functions into a Business Operations center of excellence focused on operationalizing business processes and architecture through design, definition, and governance of policies, process, and system enablement. The team supports many teams across the organization with the common theme of delivering an excellent experience for our customers. The teams we directly support include divisional sales operations, divisional functional operations (GSS/Service etc) and field & inside sales. The Business Operations organization is rooted in three distinct subject matter areas: Policy & Compliance, Process & Systems Architecture and User Experience & Enablement. We are looking for a highly motivated and skilled business analyst with a strong analytic approach to problem solving, experience building financial or operational models and driving initiatives across functionally and geographically diverse teams. Keys to success in this role include ability to “connect the dots” across multiple functional areas, good attention to detail, excellent communication skills and the ability to take general direction and turn it into action. The Business Operations Analyst will be responsible for running the monthly IPC/Quota change process by coordinating activities, centered on our Anaplan Territory and Quota (TNQ) model, across a team of approximately 50 Divisional Operations members. In addition to Anaplan, you will drive the process of identifying and implementing process improvements and helping define, document and monitor various operationally oriented policies. The over-arching objective of our team is to ensure efficient & effective sales execution which relies heavily on a detailed understanding of how work gets done and a relentless drive to organize, streamline and automate transactions across a business process. As a Business Operations Analyst, you will be responsible for: Anaplan TNQ modeingl administration and ongoing development/enhancements Business process analysis (technology agnostic) and flowchart creation, engaging with functional subject matter experts Documenting company policies around data and business processes, covering SFDC and other business applications Developing operationally oriented reports/analysis that highlight calls to action. Required Education and Experience Applicants must meet one of the following education and experience requirements: 5 years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent or 3 years of relevant experience and a Master’s degree Required Skills Minimum of 2+ years of experience building models using Anaplan or a similar multi-dimensional tool Minimum of 2+ years of experience and a solid understanding of financial/operational model building concepts and principles Minimum of 2+ years of experience using collaboration tools like smartsheets, googledocs and confluence to organize work and drive organization; Strong analytic skills that can be applied across a broad set of problems; Minimum of 2+ years of experience organizing data and transforming it into concise, action-oriented information; Desired Skills Good communication skills to orchestrate activities across teams and gather required information; Highly organized and good time management practices; Understanding of Akamai’s business objectives and its impact on processes and deliverables; Understanding SFDC architecture and data model, including workflows, custom objects and roles/profiles; Ability to consolidate, organize, and convey in simple terms complex problems or issues; Customer Service Focus: A good sense of urgency is needed for this role. As part of the team responsible for enabling how work gets done, our users rely on us to respond and communicate with a healthy sense of urgency. Sense of Accountability: Holding yourself and others accountable to meet commitments Communicates Effectively: Able to develop and deliver multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs each audience. Nimble Learning: Actively learn through experimentation when tackling new problems, using both successes and failures as valuable input. Action Oriented: Enthusiastic about taking on new and perhaps unfamiliar challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and realistic optimism. Manage Complexity: Able to make sense of complex and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems. Self-Development: Actively seeks new ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels