Adobe believes in hiring the very best. We are known for our vibrant, dynamic and rewarding workplace where personal and professional fulfillment and company success go hand in hand. We take pride in creating exceptional work experiences, encouraging innovation and being involved with our employees, customers and communities. We invite you to discover what makes Adobe such a great place to work. Click this link to experience A Day in the Life at Adobe: http://www.adobe.com/aboutadobe/careeropp/fma/dayinthelife/ About Adobe’s Digital Experience Business Position Summary: We seek someone who is intrigued by the intersection of on-premise and cloud- hosted software – and solving the paradox of keeping the strengths of both while eliminating the weaknesses. Someone who is excited to engage with a passionate community of developers and partners who will collectively always know more about the Magento code base than they could ever hope to. A candidate who is seasoned enough to understand how large enterprises build and deploy software but is also keenly aware of modern technologies that offer new approaches. He/she will architect effective, scalable systems and services that are resilient, secure, and elegant. Magento has quickly grown from a single piece of open source software to an entire suite of digital commerce products and partners. Our continued pace of rampant growth depends on our ability to establish a robust technical architecture – a foundation that allows us to build and integrate new products and services with both incredible speed and excellent quality. As the universe of Magento software expands, we need to look ahead to usability and security concerns like universal identity, inter-app integrations and product analytics, API/service consolidation and standardization, and much more. While these goals might be fairly straightforward to achieve in a pure-SaaS environment, they are substantially more challenging when the deployment types are mixed, when your customers have code-level access to your products, and when you have a diverse ecosystem of both technical and non-technical users. If these types of complexities excite you, you are exactly the type of architect we need! WHAT YOU WILL DO Understand the broader strategy, business goals, and engineering priorities of the company and how to incorporate them into your designs of systems, components, or features Maintain technical governance documents for specific services and overall cloud infrastructure. Collaborate with engineers, QA, product managers, UX designers, partners/vendors, and other architects to build scalable systems, services, and products for our diverse ecosystem of users (from merchant business users to partner developers to community contributors) Align technical decisions between different service teams Advise and mentor others as both a technology leader and a thought leader – both internally (to teammates at Magento) and externally (to our community, customers, and partners) WHAT YOU WILL NEED 6+ years of relevant work experience Familiarity with application design and architecture patterns, best practices, object-oriented and functional decomposition approaches, code quality metrics Experience with server-side technologies (preferably PHP, Go, or Java) Experience with front end technologies (HTML/CSS, Js, React, Angular, etc.) Experience with testing frameworks and automation (PHPUnit, Codeception, Behat, Selenium, webdriver, etc.) Deep understanding network and Web application security concepts, principles, and best practices Exceptional leadership skills (communication, presentation, mentoring, etc.) Ability to focus with great attention to detail while maintaining the strategic big picture Passion for quality and engineering excellence at scale WE WOULD LOVE TO SEE Experience with micro-service architecture (design, decomposition, and maintenance best practices) Familiarity with containerized deployments and cloud computing platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) Experience with Domain-Driven Design, CQRS, Event Sourcing Familiarity with the Magento code base or the e-commerce industry At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.