We are seeking a Linux System Administrator to join a creative, high-energy, and fast paced tech team. Your role will be to maintain Enfusion’s current infrastructure and play a role in the development and deployment of upcoming technology projects. Who We Are Enfusion is a global financial technology firm that builds software solutions for the investment management industry. Our flagship product, Integráta, is the only cloud-based, fully integrated front-to-back office platform on the market. Headquartered in Chicago, we have offices in New York, London, Dublin and Hong Kong. What You’ll Do Join an existing Sysadmin team of 3 and help increase our bus-factor Together we support users, hardware, software, and connectivity for our domestic and international offices, data centers, 100+ servers and about 100 users as part of a collaborative Sysadmin team Deploying and updating Linux servers & applications as needed. Windows management (limited servers or group administration) Participate in DevOps initiatives Working directly with clients on issues related to the Integrata platform Purchase, provision, and deploy PCs, Servers, Switches. Monitoring of IT infrastructure and operations Participating in long and short-term projects as required to facilitate new technology and infrastructure upgrades Contribute to our offensive and defensive security practices Be prepared to learn new technologies and techniques and pass that knowledge along What we’re looking for A kind, humble disposition A passion to learn, solve, retain, teach, and iterate Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux interest/experience 1-3 years previous internship/work experience Bachelor’s Degree in System Administration, Computer Science, or related field Knowledge of and experience designing and deploying Windows domains Experience with Group Policies, Active Directory Sites, and LDAP. Creative communication, documentation, and changelog skills Insists on automation Ability to bench press a 2U server Strong understanding of network layers and technologies; DHCP, DNS, PXE, SSL/TLS, VOIP, VLANs, VPNs, routing Ability to reverse engineer software/hardware configurations and improve them Good documentation and communication skills Ability to work alone or in pairs We would love if you also had (not required) Experience with a configuration management tool Experience with a MDM (Jamf, Airwatch, Systems Manager) Knowledge of RHEL or Debian based Linux distributions An understanding of regex Experience with firewalls Perks of working at Enfusion Competitive compensation Company paid Medical and Dental Insurance package 401K with matching Generous PTO Package Entrepreneurial Environment Catered Lunch every Friday Small team with growth opportunity Exposure to all aspects of the financial technology services industry At Enfusion, the best ideas win. Come be part of the future of fintech!