Do you believe technology can improve lives around the world? We do! We are IT at the Gates Foundation. We are a creative, dynamic group of technologists determined to help change the world. Bring your creative thinking to our tight knit, energetic team to help us achieve our mission. Work CAN be fun and inspiring – check us out. Position Summary Are you ready to join a team of professionals working to make the world a better place? Do you have experience helping enterprise leaders transform their organization by developing and executing against long term strategies and roadmaps? Are you interested in leveraging your architecture skills and experience to create a successful enterprise architecture program? Do you have the entrepreneurial spirit needed to guide an organization through new technologies like cloud computing and new trends like the consumerization of IT? In this strategic role within our Enterprise Architecture team, you will be responsible for the foundation’s enterprise architecture. This role requires leadership, facilitation, and evangelism as you help us create a compelling vision of the future. You will translate vision into action by partnering with our delivery teams to develop and facilitate the IT plan. This work requires an excellent understanding of business and IT strategy, a principled approach to architectural challenges and opportunities, and a thorough grasp of business, technology, and solutions. Key Responsibilities Translate strategic requirements into a usable enterprise architecture, including enterprise models, associated metamodels, common business vocabulary, and taxonomies, which will then be used to guide enterprise solution development and achieve consistency of information assets across the application portfolio. Evangelize the enterprise architecture process, its outcome and ongoing results. Analyze technology industry and market trends, and choose their potential impact on the enterprise. Develop patterns, standards and guidelines necessary to uphold the principles and maintain integrity of the enterprise architecture. Participate in key project design reviews as part of the methodology process to ensure application designs adhere to enterprise architecture guidelines. Ensure existing IT assets are identified, stewarded and leveraged across the enterprise. Partner with key stakeholders to create and maintain the strategic architecture roadmaps providing a 3-year view for IT to plan against Leadership and Culture We believe that energized people, working well together, fueled by great guidance in an inclusive environment in which they thrive, will do phenomenal things. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent training and experience. 10+ years of progressive experience in architecting and implementing company systems and integration architecture; this is inclusive of technical architecture, network design, application development, middleware, servers and storage, database management, operations, etc. Understanding of common enterprise architecture frameworks. Exceptional interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation and negotiation. Excellent leadership skills. Excellent problem-solving and technical skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent planning and organizational skills. Knowledge of business process re-engineering principles and processes. Basic knowledge of financial models and budgeting. Ability to understand the long-term (\"big picture\") and short-term perspectives of situations. Knowledge of problem analysis, structured analysis, and design and programming techniques. Ability to analyze project, program and portfolio needs, as well as choose resources needed to meet goals and resolve problems for a variety of stakeholders, often spanning multiple environments in a business area. Knowledge of project planning and management, including scope, time and resource direction. Ability to estimate the financial impact of enterprise (technical, information, solution) architecture alternatives. Ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies. Willingness to regularly participate so that customers and stakeholders feel that architecture is engaged in helping resolve their business needs. Reports to: Director, Enterprise Architecture, Global Data & Analytics LI-SB1 As part of our standard hiring process for new employees, employment with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will be contingent upon successful completion of a background check. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is dedicated to the belief that all lives have equal value. We’re committed to creating a workplace where employees thrive both personally and professionally. We also believe our employees should reflect the rich diversity of the global populations we aim to serve—in race, gender, age, cultures and beliefs—and we support this diversity through all of our employment practices. All applicants and employees who are drawn to serve the mission of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will enjoy equality of opportunity and fair treatment without regard to: Race Color Age Religion Pregnancy Sex Sexual Orientation Disability Gender Identity Gender Expression National Origin Genetic Information Veteran Status Marital Status Prior Protected Activity