Full Stack Developer - Dublin Office JOB DESCRIPTION As a full stack developer, your job is to assist the team in the execution of digital development projects and maintenance requests. In addition, you should be thoughtful and have opinions on what makes a well built digital experience. You should be skilled in PHP, NodeJS, Ruby or other similar programming language. In addition, you should be skilled in HTML, CSS and Javascript and have a burning passion to further your craft. You must be a hard worker who loves to collaborate with other team members inside and out of the technology team. RESPONSIBILITIES 2 to 4 years experience. Perform the role of the developer on multiple projects simultaneously, reliably meeting deadlines and delivering fully functional web projects Willing to put in the effort to drive applications to the finish line Passion to learn, explore and encourage the development team to utilize new web platforms, emerging standards, tools and best practices Respond timely with Brand Managers and Digital Producers to support clients and suggest viable solutions to client requests and provide accurate software development estimates Has an attention to detail and the ability to build accurate user interfaces SKILLS REQUIRED: Solid understanding of the digital software development life cycle process and methodologies Proficient in PHP, Node, Ruby, Python or other open source development languages Proficient in HTML5 Proficient in CSS3 Proficient in Javascript Basic understanding of animation and display capabilities inside of SVG, Canvas Basic understanding of database management (MySQL, NoSQL and/or PostgresSQL) Basic understanding of web application performance Basic understanding of web application security Basic understanding of DevOps tools (Git, Gulp, Grunt, Deploybot, Jenkins) and related processes APIs, User Authentication, caching concepts, the HTTP protocol RESTfulBasic understanding of and general web architecture Basic understanding of interfacing with 3rd party applications, API and SASS/PASS providers Familiar with at least one modern Javascript framework: Angular, React, Backbone, Ember or other Has thoughtful opinions and can lead a technical conversation with internal stakeholders and external clients Burning desire to push the envelope and continually improve the process and ability of all team members. Comes from a creative/design background and can work brainstorm potential applications with the creative department About Connelly Partners: Insightful, innovative work is our focus, and empathy is the lens we view it all through. See the world through our eyes, here at Connelly Partners. Connelly Partners is an independent, fully-integrated marketing agency that uses empathy to develop relationships and unique connections with consumers. The agency now has two offices – in Boston and Dublin- filled with over 150 employees accomplished in strategic planning, creative and content generation, media planning and buying, digital strategy/execution, public relations, social, search, branded entertainment, integrated production and analytics. We utilize the power of empathy in crafting customized content that leverages creativity, science, intuition and innovation to create productive engagement between brand and audience. Connelly Partners has been long honored a top workplace, including most recently an acknowledgment as a BBJ 2017 Best Place to Work, an AdAge 2016 Best Place to Work, and the AdAge Small Agency Award winner for Best Culture (Gold). For more information on Connelly Partners, please visit www.connellypartners.com, follow us on Twitter and Instagram (@ConnellyAgency), or like us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/ConnellyPartners). Connelly Partners is unable to sponsor visas at this time. To protect the interests of all parties, Connelly Partners will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Connelly Partners will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.