We look forward to reviewing your application! All applicants must include a resume. Visa sponsorship not available. Contact us at 1-800-562-0999 ext. 11111 with any questions. We are an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local law. This position is a member of the agile Data Services Team that contributes to the success of WSECU by partnering with business customers to deliver data solutions. As a member of the team, you will provide technical guidance for internal customers and team members in the areas of database administration, database development and data integration. The Senior Database Administrator should possess a high degree of knowledge on data engineering and integration, strong communication skills, and experience in consulting various customers leading them from idea to delivering business value by creating timely and effective data solutions. We are looking for a candidate that is passionate about technology, learning our business, and working in a collaborative team environment to help contribute to the success of our organization. Possessing a learning mindset to grow your existing technology and business expertise is a must. The Senior Database Administrator will have a great opportunity to contribute to and influence WSECU’s data solution lifecycle management process and architectures that provide business value by serving our credit union teammates and members. This position reports to the Digital Services IT Solutions. Your day may include: Working as a team player and a high performer in an agile team on the IT Solutions – Data Services Team Being passionate about your technical craft and its value proposition for business Leveraging a strong technical background with complimentary soft skills to partner with IT technical team members, business leaders, and subject matter experts to design, develop, test, and deploy data integration solutions Closely collaborating with data services team to support our enterprise database environment and data solutions as tier three escalation support with on-call availability Creating and enhancing operational efficiency by creating data solutions to automate manual processes Troubleshooting and diagnosing complex data solution problems What you might bring to the team: Learning and innovative mindset and not afraid the challenge the status quo Gathering and analyzing requirements from business users Ability to troubleshoot and debug complex technical problems Strong command of relational databases (MSSQL, DB2, MySQL) Strong command administering database security, data recovery, performance monitoring and tuning Strong command of structured query languages (T-SQL, ANSI-SQL) Solid command of data solutions lifecycle best practices (Source control using Git, Automated builds and testing) Solid experience in database development and data integration tools (SSIS, Wherescape, Redgate) Solid Experience with monitoring tools (Spotlight, Solarwinds) Experience with C and PowerShell languages Experience with NoSQL (i.e., MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.) Experience with data-centric cloud services ( (Azure or AWS) Experience with software development and support tools (Visual Studio, Git, TFS, JIRA) Bachelor’s Degree (BS) in Computer Science/Data Science/Information Technology, or a related field and at least five years related experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Basic understanding of server and networking technologies and their support of software development and solutions Bonus points if you have: Credit union or financial services experience Agile software development experience preferable Scrum Experience with web services and integration development Experience with other object-oriented or procedural programming languages Experience with other DevOps or automation tools Experience with application servers and web development stack ((HTML, JavaScript, CSS, SPA, MVC, Modern JavaScript Frameworks) Experience with API Modeling (OpenAPI, RAML) Where it’s located: Corporate office in Olympia When you’d work: Exempt position, Monday – Friday, 8 AM – 5 PM, with scheduling flexibility How much you’ll earn: DOQ plus an excellent benefits package! We look forward to receiving your application and learning more about you! Ind1