About the role Our Infrastructure Consulting team manages the systems that keep us and our clients ahead of the pack. As an Office 365 Messaging Architect, you will plan, design, implement O365 solutions for our clients. You will be a technical subject matter expert on both cloud and on-premise IT systems. You will apply functional knowledge and technical expertise in the Microsoft cloud offerings and promote innovative solutions to our customers. You will develop relationships with key customer stakeholders to help them achieve their business goals. Day-to-day, you will: Design and deploy enterprise-scale, complex cloud messaging infrastructure solutions Gather and assess business requirements, develop and present solutions, produce design and migrating strategy documents, and provide guidance and knowledge transfer to client Align customer requirements for O365 implementation readiness Travel to client location as needed About you You are a strong technologist with solid business skills. You are as comfortable working with a technical team as you are with client business users, and you know how to build bridges between the two. With your excellent communications skills, you are adept at mapping business needs to technology solutions and helping non-technical audiences understand the benefits of these solutions. Your skill-set likely includes: Understanding of Microsoft collaboration stack including Office 365, Azure AD Connect, Exchange Online & SharePoint Online Demonstrable knowledge of migrating best practices and troubleshooting Exchange Server and O365 migration and deployment experience Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities Working in team-oriented, collaborative environments You likely have a Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer engineering, management information systems, information technology, or a similar field. An equivalent combination of education and experience may substitute for a degree. Within two years of hire or credential availability, you will obtain a Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) certification and a Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) certification in Server Infrastructure. Qualifications Hands on experience in complex messaging migration environments, including hybrid O365 configuration Experience conducting and supporting O365 migration, authentication and identity management Experience managing and remediating Active Directory, and migrating on-prem AD to Azure Active Directory PowerShell scripting skills Experience with EM+S, Federation Services and Identity Management is plus Ability to travel to client location as needed Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 55432 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.