Job Title: Data Engineer Reports to: Head of Upstream Data – Americas Location: Houston, TX USA Company For the past 40 years, Wood Mackenzie has established its reputation as a trusted source of intelligence, enriching lives by empowering clients with unique insight on the world’s natural resources. Now, as part of the Verisk Analytics family, that legacy is even stronger. Aligning with the world’s leading data analytics company extends our ability to help clients overcome the toughest challenges with our unique analysis and advice. We will continue to build on the power of our existing approach to assess and value individual assets and companies, allowing our clients to pursue the most promising opportunities. Together, we inspire and innovate the markets we serve – providing invaluable intelligence that informs the strategic decisions that will ultimately shape the future direction of our global natural resources. Role Purpose Wood Mackenzie seeks an experienced professional to play a key role in improving and growing our US upstream supply chain research coverage. Your team will source oilfield service (OFS) supply and demand data and craft proprietary models to derive detailed cost estimates and forecasts to complement our core upstream research offerings. Working as part of the Wood Mackenzie L48 Upstream Research team, you will be at the forefront of our upstream analysis and engage with clients at a senior level. You will be expected to contribute and make an impact from day one. Team Profile The Americas Upstream Data Team leads the ingestion, processing, curating and analysis of data that underpins our products and supports our extraordinary research. We are a global leader in commercial analysis within the energy sector, and the completeness, integrity and quality of our datasets are critical to maintain this position. This is an exciting opportunity to join a team comprised of data analysts, engineers and scientists, working together to demonstrate greater value from our data. Main Responsibilities Maintain data and systems used to deliver content to clients and/or internal partners Execute the operation of business processes including data gathering, collation and formatting Understand the implications of system changes, tools and processes that are used in the team, and the impact of making changes for internal partners and clients Create and maintain the documentation of data processes, databases, data tools and models, according to policies, procedure and standard methodologies. Follow set procedures to complete regular data processes and analysis, ensuring completeness, accuracy and integrity of data Collect and compile industry data on a regular basis from various sources to maintain and supplement our data platform Create new ways to visualize and analyze our data for both internal tools and commercial products Form a good understanding of data domain, business activities and client requirements from the organization's products and services Ensure integrity of our own sourced data Develop new processes to improve the transformation and curation of our data Develop good working relationships with research and data colleagues to provide data support or process changes Knowledge & Experience Required Minimum of bachelor's degree required in related field of study Experience in working with data and demonstrate an affinity with numbers Understanding of how web scraping methods can be implemented Additional skills desired but not required include: Python, R, VBA, Kapow, XML, HTML, JSON, C, ArcGIS, SQL, AWS, Kibana, Elasticsearch, Kafka A knowledge of the upstream industry would be advantageous Experience of using MS Office suite including Excel Understanding of Data visualization tools (such as Spotfire, PowerBI, Tableau, Quicksight) Accuracy and attention to detail Process driven Information gathering Team working and communication Time management and organizational skills Efficiency focused Core Competencies Accuracy and attention to detail Process driven Information gathering Team working and communication Time management and organizational skills Efficiency focused Wood Mackenzie Core Values Wood Mackenzie is a place where we are committed to supporting our people to grow and thrive. We value different perspectives and aspire to create an inclusive environment which encourages diversity and fosters a sense of belonging. Wood Mackenzie values each individual's contribution and helps them reach their full potential while sustaining an organisational culture of health and well-being. Our core values are: Respect for the Individual Integrity Passion Persistence Confidence with humility Excellence Teamwork We understand the importance of bringing your whole self to work and to achieving balance between work, family and other life commitments. We are open to considering flexible working arrangements to enable the greatest spectrum of talent to contribute to Wood Mackenzie's success. EEO statement Unsolicited resumes submitted to Wood Mackenzie by any external recruitment agency via Internet, e-mail, fax, or U.S. mail become the property of Wood Mackenzie and we are not responsible for any fees associated with those resumes. In compliance with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities act of 1990 and all other relevant federal and state laws, the policy of this company prohibits discrimination in employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran’s status, disability, genetic information or any other group protected by law. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran’s status, disability, genetic information or any other group protected by law. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access WoodMac.com/careers on-line as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations sending an email to hrenquiries@woodmac.com. Wood Mackenzie is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D, and a member of E-Verify. http://www.eeoc.gov/