Who You'll Work With Cisco HR is inspiring today’s talent for tomorrow’s Cisco. We are developing HR strategies that accelerate capability in Cisco’s business and our employees by transforming Cisco’s talent, leadership, culture, and organization. What You'll Do The Compensation Consultant will work with the team in providing consulting services to client facting HR as well as Senior Executives in the organizations crossing various Cisco corporate and support functions. They will work as part of the team with the lead consultative compensation partner, human resources business partners and participate with senior management to develop compensation strategies, plans and innovative solutions aligned to the achievement of organizational objectives. This position will apply knowledge of Cisco's business strategies along with technical compensation knowledge to proactively anticipate business needs and, based on industry and market trends, will work to develop appropriate compensation business solutions within the enterprise and functional frameworks, which will affect the success of Cisco's overall business operations. Some projects may include transformational design solutions for organizations globally. Additionally, the successful candidate will contribute to and sometime lead projects on global and regional cross-functional teams assembled to achieve key organizational priorities. Who You Are Role & Responsibilities The successful candidate will work independently but in conjunction and partnership with teams across multiple functions including Compensation, HR, Operations, Finance and IT to provide strategic direction and to generate and implement plans in accordance with Cisco's organizational objectives. Design and implement compensation strategies and programs with an emphasis on designing tailored and/or customized solutions to support specific business growth, differentiation or operational efficiency initiatives. This will require driving alignment with the European, Emerging and Asia Pacific Regional Compensation and HR Leaders. Provide compensation consulting to senior executives including providing competitive pay and total rewards reviews, developing tailored annual rewards strategies (merit, promotion, market adjustment, bonus and/or stock guidelines), developing group/team hiring and retention strategies, and ensuring an overall healthy and cost effective compensation strategy aligned to organizational workforce and talent strategies. In partnership with Compensation Acquisition Integration Lead, consult on compensation issues & strategies related to acquisition integration for employees. Focus may include job mapping, retention strategies, compensation training, and integration alignment to Cisco strategies, programs and processes. Develop and maintain strong relationships with HR Partners, and global HR Managers and serve as subject matter expert on all elements of Cisco's compensation design and total rewards strategy. Partner with executives and stakeholders to design legally compliant programs that retain and motivate top talent and meet corporate, functional, and geographic objectives Minimum Qualifications Ideal candidate will have a minimum of 7 years progressive compensation experience with increasing levels of responsibility, identifying, consulting, designing, recommending and implementing efficient, innovative business solutions to clients' compensation challenges. A bachelor's degree or equivalent is required. Additional formal education (MBA, MS) and Compensation Certification is preferred. Desired Skills In depth knowledge of base, bonus / incentive and stock plans design, strategies, and principles. Solid technical, quantitative and analytical / modeling abilities and skills Strong project management, organizational and technical skills. A global and cross cultural perspective of business and compensation issues. Understanding of current strategies and ability to implement new initiatives in response to or anticipation of changing business demands and Excellent written, oral and presentation skills. Experience working effectively with internal clients Proven ability to adapt and work effectively in a matrix organization with competing deadlines. Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco