The Patient Services Representative II (PSR II) represents the face of our company to patients who come to Quest Diagnostics, both as part of their health routine or for insights into life-defining health decisions. The PSR II draws quality blood samples from patients and prepares those specimens for lab testing while following established practices and procedures. The PSR II has direct contact with patients and creates an atmosphere of trust and confidence while explaining procedures to patients and drawing blood specimens in a skillful, safe and accurate manner. The PSR II will demonstrate Quest Leadership Behaviors while focusing on process excellence skills and sensitivity to confidentiality and accuracy to patient information. Successful applicants may be assigned to a doctor's office, a patient service center, in a house call environment, long term care or as business needs dictate. Job Accountabilities (Responsibilities) 1.Collect specimens according to established procedures. This includes, but not limited to: drug screens, biometric screening and insurance exams. 2.Administer oral solutions according to established training. 3.Research test/client information and confirm and verify all written and electronic orders by utilizing lab technology systems or directory of services. 4.Responsible for completing all data entry requirements accurately including data entry of patient registration; entry of test order from requisition or pulling order from database; managing Standing Orders. 5.Enter billing information and collect payments when required, including the safeguarding of assets and credit card information. 6.Data entry and processing specimens including: labeling, centrifuging, splitting, and freezing specimens as required by test order. 7.Perform departmental-related clerical duties when assigned such as data entry, inventory, stock supplies, and answer phones when needed. 8.Read, understand and comply with departmental policies, protocols and procedures: (i.e. Procedure Manuals, Safety Manual, Compliance Manual, Automobile Policies and Procedures, Employee Handbook, Quality Assurance Manual); and ensure that all staff members follow instructions. 9.Perform verification of patient demographic info / initials including patient signature post-venipuncture to verify tubes were labeled in their presence and that the name on the label is correct. 10.Assist with compilation and submission of monthly statistics and data. 11.Maintain all appropriate phlebotomy logs in a timely manner and based on frequency, such as maintenance logs and temperature logs. 12.Complete training courses and keep up-to-date with the latest phlebotomy techniques. 13.Travel to Territory Manager meeting if held off-site or off normal shift. 14.Participate on special projects and teams. 15.Stay-up-to date on company communications and assist with the distribution of technical information to the work group. 16.Perform Point of Care (POC) testing at those sites where needed and the complete training/competency evaluations per Standing Operating Procedure (SOP). 17.With appropriate training, act as mentor and resource for new employees, assisting with transition into the PSC work environment and the familiarity with established procedures. 18.Assist with periodic inventory counts, report shortages and problems to group leader or supervisor as they occur. 19.Assist with the preparation of schedules for the assigned work group or PSC's. 20.Communicate professionally with clients to resolve or refer, and document problems, prepare problem documentation and report critical issues as they occur. 21.Ensure staff is following all safety precautions by wearing a clean, button lab coat, gloves and face shield when required. 22.Assist supervisors with the implementation of SOPs for phlebotomy services in accordance with Quest Diagnostics guidelines.