MedTox Laboratories is a subsidiary of Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp). The integration of LabCorp and Covance in 2015 makes LabCorp the largest health care diagnostic company in the world. LabCorp operates in over 60 countries creating great opportunities for career growth and advancement across the world. If you are motivated by job satisfaction, MedTox Laboratories is the place for you. Every day we make a difference in the way the medical community receives accurate results for our clients and patients. Come join an industry leader to grow your career in the Medical Laboratory Industry as a _Forensic Specimen Accessioner / Extraction Technician_ The _Forensic Specimen Accessioner/ Extraction Technician_ will split their day between Forensic Processing and the Forensic Extraction teams. This position works in fast paced, production type environment performing a vital component of medical laboratory science. Receive on the job training for the pre-analytical processing of medical samples. _Key Responsibilities:_ Receive specimens for testing; confirmation aliquoting, evaluate specimens and test orders; determine priority of work and batches to maintain acceptable turn-around-time. Perform initial testing, prepare laboratory reagents and standard solutions Maintain, calibrate, and clean instrumentation; perform scheduled and as needed maintenance. Follow quality control rules; monitor controls for error detection and take corrective action; maintain laboratory records, maintenance logs, quality control charts, reagent and standard logs, and worksheets. Pipetting samples Perform all duties accordingly to standard operating procedures and/or supervisory About our Company: MedTox Laboratories, a LabCorp Specialty Testing Group, located in the Roseville / New Brighton area operates a SAMHSA-certified drug testing laboratory and CAP and CLIA-certified clinical laboratory. Our comprehensive laboratory and testing services coupled with our commitment to excellent customer service ensures that our clients' testing programs operate as efficiently and effectively as possible. We are committed to building strong relationships with our clients; being responsive to their questions and adaptable to their needs. Requirements _Required Education, Experience, Skills and Qualifications:_ Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university in chemical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology Proven ability to prioritize tasks and manage time Excellent research and problem resolution skills Able to work in a fast paced production environment to meet established turnaround times Good written and verbal communication skills and interpersonal skills Must be able to perform work with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail Must be able to distinguish colors including shades of colors Able to work independently under general supervision Shift 1 Schedule 1st shift; Tuesday - Friday, 6 am - 2:30 pm and Saturday 8 am to 4:30 pm