Systems Administrators embrace Google's motto to ensure millions of users can access the world's information without a glitch. As a Systems Administrator at Google, you own and support the needs of one of Google's server infrastructure systems. You're highly technical and work directly with other server and service owners to ensure reliability and sustainability of the Google service infrastructure as well as compliance with internal policies. Success in this role means you are able to support servers in a mixed operating system environment and work efficiently with our internal technology providers as well as other operations groups. Googlers rely on your guidance when it comes to design decisions so you'll have a direct impact in keeping the business productive. You will be working on the Mobile Platforms team which wrangles Google's ever- growing fleet of mobile devices (includes Android, Chrome OS and iOS), helps provide connectivity beyond LAN/WLAN, and acts as enterprise mobility evangelists. You have strong knowledge of mobile technology and are able to work in the shifting sands of a highly dynamic environment. In addition to this, you have a customer-first attitude and possess excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, are an outstanding problem solver, creative thinker and a team player. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Provide administration for Google’s corporate mobile devices and infrastructure Gather requirements related to mobile technology from internal groups and work closely with the Android/Chrome OS teams, cellular carriers and hardware manufacturers to create solutions to meet those requirements Develop automation tools to improve efficiency of the processes involved in managing the fleet of mobile devices. Support the evaluation and selection processes for sourcing cellular services and devices world-wide Develop and publish documentation including known issues, tips for end users, and training materials for partner groups. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. Industry experience in a Technical Support, Professional Services, Engineering, Sustaining Engineering and/or Systems Engineering capacity. Preferred qualifications: 5 years of industry experience in technical support, professional services, engineering, sustaining engineering, or systems engineering including hands-on experience implementing, troubleshooting, and supporting Internet-based applications, web servers, mail servers (e.g. Exchange, Lotus, sendmail, or Postfix), and Linux/UNIX operating systems. 3 years of relevant professional technical work experience in linux system administration, Network administration , Automation and troubleshooting. Strong System Administration skills with understanding of IP network administration. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.