Fusion 360 Activation, Onboarding Specialist 18WD29329 Americas-United States of America-Massachusetts-Boston Fusion 360 Activation, Onboarding Specialist Location: Boston, MA- United States Job ID: 18WD29329 Position Summary The Fusion 360 Activation/Onboarding Specialist is responsible for activating and onboarding new Customers as soon as they subscribe, as well as, providing adoption mentoring for SMB accounts. This job is measured by meeting or exceeding quarterly and annual targets by driving up the number of activation and onboarding during an agreed time frame. This position typically reports to Sr. Manager Cloud Customer Success. Responsibilities Applies Customer Success and Sales skills associated with our activation/onboarding model; strong verbal and written skills required Is independent and self-motivated to drive a high number of activation/onboarding Utilization Conduct outbound Fusion 360 customer calls with a defined number of customer touch points per day Maintain basic knowledge of Fusion 360 Autodesk products, Construction industry trends and competitive products Provide partner with the relevant activation/onboarding information, understanding their business workflow to create and close activation/onboarding tasks Utilize Salesforce.com to document all customer activity Maintain Salesforce.com Fusion 360 Customers data’s Respond to customer and Partners inquiries in a professional and prompt manner Operational Handle all assigned incoming Fusion 360 activation/onboarding requests Contact Customers by Email or Phone and organize an Activation Remote meeting Lead the Activation Meeting according a script template and make sure that the customer’s Account is activated Organize a follow up Product Onboarding meeting with customer Provide Remote Fusion 360 Product Onboarding Session or Coordinate it with the Adoption Specialists Monitor progress in our CRM system with regard to Autodesk policies and procedures Provide the Fusion 360 activation/onboarding service within agreed upon Service Level Agreements (SLA's) with various customers, both internal and external Generate and analyze regular and ad hoc reports for management, sales representatives and/or channel partners Document policies and procedures based on expertise in specific job areas. Work with Process Team to document best practices and workflow, including updating of internal work instructions, training materials and salesforce articles Customer Related Ensure high level customer satisfaction. Receive, investigate, and respond to customer inquiries regarding products, verifications, activation, onboarding and complaints. Provide information regarding activation/onboarding status. Analyze and research historical data to solve customer activation/onboarding issues. Log quality problems or issues in database Respond to customer inquiries through e-mail, chat and/or phone (either direct or queue system). If unable to resolve customer activation/onboarding, escalate to appropriate staff or management and respond back to customer with solutions provided by escalations Provide feedback and quality assurance on activation/onboarding cases, including helpful insights and analysis to improve first contact resolution rates and response times Build Fusion 360 customer relationships in-person or by phone. Proactively suggest solutions based on knowledge of customer’s business and past purchase history Educate customers/partners on resources available and promote the self-service tools and 1: many Webinars. May include providing hands-on training, creating effective content; execute readiness call activities and delivering webinars externally/ internally Perform onboarding for internal and external parties related to operational policy and process Drive and own operational efficiency and engagement with managers via monthly calls /service reviews Create and modify content that is consistent with Fusion 360 Templates. Publish content internally and externally Communicate and work closely with sales to get insight of the upcoming Fusion 360 Deals Proficient in all Fusion 360 technology platforms a partners/customer interacts with to access our products our services Be a trusted advisor to internal/external parties Recommend to management solutions to difficult customer activation/onboarding issues. Insuring customer needs are always met Minimum Qualifications Manufacturing / Design / Engineering Background Previous experience with Fusion 360, Inventor, Solidworks. Pro-E/Creo a plus Previous experience with CAM software (HSMWorks, MasterCAM, etc) a plus Familiarity with customer success services methodologies. E.g TSIA Service Business Familiarity with Salesforce Ability to adapt quickly and manage difficult situations while remaining upbeat and positive at all times Strong work ethic: Team oriented, self-starter, high energy, and results oriented Highly proficient computer skills including internet, SFDC, email, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint Database management a plus Fluent in speaking and writing English, any additional Major Europe Languages is a benefit About Autodesk With Autodesk software, you have the power to Make Anything. The future of making is here, bringing with it radical changes in the way things are designed, made, and used. It's disrupting every industry: architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and media and entertainment. With the right knowledge and tools, this disruption is your opportunity. Our software is used by everyone - from design professionals, engineers and architects to digital scientists, students and hobbyists. We constantly explore new ways to integrate all dimensions of diversity across our employees, customers, partners, and communities. Our ultimate goal is to expand opportunities for anyone to imagine, design, and make a better world. At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world.