Purpose Implement and maintain network services for specialty networks such as building management, security systems and Voice over IP. Use knowledge of LAN/WAN systems to maintain wired and wireless networks. Assist with installation and migration of network systems. Troubleshoot to eliminate problems and make improvements. Essential Functions University network operations: Support the operations of network infrastructure including performing installation, repair and maintenance of wired and wireless network equipment. Maintain site documentation, asset records, accurate work orders/tickets and cable assignment records. Receive and organize equipment, Responsible for following and enforcing university standards, operational policies and procedures. Drive university-owned vehicle to job sites as required. MPLS VRF operations: Work with distributed unit technical support staff to complete orders, resolve issues and escalate to network engineers. Maintain customer rapport by listening to and resolving concerns and answering questions. Oversee construction activities including reading and interpreting schematics and blueprints as they relate to conduit, cabling, and equipment placement for network projects. Communicate in person and on the phone, including as part of a team-wide phone service desk. Test and Troubleshoot: Use testing and survey tools to install, troubleshoot, maintain and repair Ethernet, wired and wireless networks. Analyze recurring issues to formulate an effective resolution action plan including providing feedback to the networking engineers for recommended updates of procedures and standards. Tier one network support: Provide first contact for technical support issues for the networking team including answering customer phone calls, ticket triage, and equipment repair and troubleshooting of network services. Provide field support for networking engineers for equipment and service installation, repair and troubleshooting. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related duties as assigned. Maintain acceptable driver rating as established in Policy UTS157 Section 2.5.4 Required qualifications Bachelor's degree and one year of experience designing and maintaining switched Ethernet networks or or diploma/GED and five years of the same experience. Experience with TCP/IP, routing/switching concepts and common routing protocols. Experience with Cisco routers and switches. Possesses basic wired and wireless networking domain knowledge. Under supervision, able to establish scope, timeline, documentation, and task breakdown for small or medium projects. Current Class "C" Operator Driver License required. Prior to date of hire, applicant selected must provide a Motor Vehicle Report (MVR) showing a driving history going back 36 months. This includes all states resided in for the past 36 months. MVR will be evaluated to determine eligibility to drive a university owned vehicle. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Basic IT certifications or equivalent experience. Experience with wired and wireless troubleshooting tools such as Netscout testers. Experience supporting networks for building automation and security systems. Working conditions May work in extreme temperatures May work around standard office conditions May work around chemicals May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Climbing of stairs Climbing of ladders Lifting and moving Lift and move up to 50 pounds unassisted. Identify color coded cabling systems. Work in confined spaces such as crawl spaces, basements, attic/ceilings, cable chases and equipment rooms. Work around loud noises and airborne particulates. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus