Validus Re is a leading global multi-line reinsurance group founded in 2005. We are among the world’s largest and most successful reinsurers specializing in the assumption of volatility risk, with the financial strength and resources to satisfy the most demanding global clients but also nimble enough to provide innovative and client-focused solutions in a complex and evolving marketplace. We utilize our superior analytical tools and resources to offer our clients unique insight into their risk portfolios. In addition, we provide exceptional service and commitment to our clients and their communities. Currently, we have an outstanding opportunity to work in our Minneapolis office for a Catastrophe Risk Analyst to handle the following: Responsibilities: Prepare raw and edited insurance company policy data or aggregates for use in industry catastrophe models (AIR, RMS) for reinsurance contract pricing in Validus proprietary software. Model the probability distributions of the pre-cat results using vendor cat models in conjunction with Validus proprietary software. Assess data quality/accuracy of reinsurance submissions. Analyze how the distribution of results and relevant risk measures change after application of reinsurance contract terms and discuss with treaty underwriters. Communicate analysis results to colleagues and interpreting potential impact to Validus reinsurance portfolio. Assist management with reports related to catastrophe modeling data. Utilize domain knowledge of worldwide insurance markets for comparison of individual cedant data to industry regions and lines of business profiles. Track and run simulations against portfolio for replication of potential losses from live catastrophic events. Present exposure, loss, and data quality analytics to underwriters, executives, and clients. Manage portfolio loss estimates during model change management exercises. Create retrocessional model output for in-house use. Update management on issues, progress, etc., regularly and upon request. Perform other job-related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Natural Sciences, Engineering, Insurance, or Economics. 0-3 years of reinsurance and/or reinsurance experience. Outstanding attention to detail, organizational, and time management skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to work independently and in a team environment. Preferred Qualifications: Understanding and/or working knowledge of industry catastrophe modeling. Validus Re provides an outstanding benefits package including medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD, life insurance and 401K, along with time off and holiday allotment. Validus Re is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.