Corning is one of the world's leading innovators in materials science, with a 166-year track record of life-changing inventions. Corning applies its unparalleled expertise in glass science, ceramics science, and optical physics, along with its deep manufacturing and engineering capabilities, to develop category-defining products that transform industries and enhance people's lives. Corning Valor™ Glass is an example of a life-changing innovation purpose-built to store and protect injectable medicines. Corning is also a global leader in pharmaceutical tubing, manufacturing a variety of clear and amber glass tubing that is converted by our customers into vials, cartridges, ampules and syringes. Are you passionate about “Life Changing Innovation”? As with Thomas Edison, we have a history of working with the world’s greatest innovators. We solve our customers’ most complex problems that others can’t or won’t. Collaboration, Creative Spirit and Career Development are just a few of the reasons world- class professionals choose Corning Incorporated for a career. We are headquartered in Corning - a dynamic city in Upstate, NY where residents enjoy the benefits of a rich arts and culture scene, one of the fastest-growing wine regions and a family friendly area with affordable homes and quality education. Corning is the world leader in specialty glass and ceramics, building and manufacturing keystone components that enable high-technology systems. Corning’s history is filled with breakthrough technologies that have played a meaningful role in the way the world works. We thrive on solving difficult, commercially relevant problems through a creative and collaborative research and development process. Corning succeeds through sustained investment in R&D, more than 160 years of materials science and process engineering knowledge, and a distinctive reciprocal culture. Day to Day Responsibilities: Daily monitoring of events from Cloud Access Security Broker Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Symantec Data Loss Prevention, and other Global Information Security tools; assess and determine appropriate next steps using knowledge of Corning businesses and GIobal Information Security processes. Assist users and business groups in reviewing and resolving events per defined processes Pro-actively identify opportunities to improve policies and reduce defects; configure rule sets and policies for GIS / DLP security tools / systems as appropriate; ensure policies/rules are configured consistently across all DLP/GIS tools and systems Analyze DLP incidents to identify common issues, trends and identify root cause(s); summarize and report information security incidents finding to GIS management. Mine data, conduct analysis and prepare reports based on event trends for GIS management and business customers in alignment with Data Privacy and governance guidelines. Inform management of all potential IA losses and/or threats; escalate information security risks as necessary to Information Security management. Support GIS process improvement efforts Assist with the creation, modification and review of technical documentation (SOP’s, support flows, RACI’s) for GIS security tools such as appropriate; Ensure procedures followed are documented and repeatable, updating documentation when material changes are made. Develop KD document to address know issues and work with IT Level 2 operations group to ensure proper understanding and guidance to users Participate in GIS / DLP security system upgrades (pilot, testing and deployment) Collaborate with IT resources supporting GIS security tools/systems as well as Cyber Security team Participate in business operational reviews and assessments as appropriate Ability to self-direct and work independently when necessary and clearly articulate technical concepts / issues to both technical and non-technical peers and management Projects involved with: Participate in the implementation of information security programs, enterprise data protection projects and initiatives Hours of work/work schedule/flex-time: Minimum 40 hrs/wk Required to sign Covenant Not to Compete & Non-Disclosure Agreement Travel Requirements: Up to 10% Required Skills 1\. Keen analytical and decision making capabilities 2\. Foundational understanding of cloud computing, networking and computer systems, mobile devices & apps; willingness to learn new software applications 3\. Data analysis, data query and mining, and report creation skills using multiple sources using Excel, SQL and similar tools 4\. Business acumen and knowledge of Corning businesses/processes 5\. Able to work with ITAR material 6\. Ability to treat information discretely Desired Skills 1\. Self motivated, independent, flexible 2\. General Security or Information Security knowledge 3\. Knowledge of cloud computing, Windows, Box, Office365, SharePoint, data loss prevention and cloud access security controls 4\. Knowledge of mobile device management and identity management capabilities Soft Skills (Communication/Team/Leadership) 1\. Excellent verbal and written skills for presentations/reports 2\. Desire to work in a team environment; strong team player 3\. Ability to multi-task 4\. Ability to translate ambiguity into action 5\. Ability to perform role with discretion Qualifications Required Education: Bachelor’s Degree Required Experience: IT / Business Analysis Optional Experience: Information Security, IT or Security experience a plus We prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status or any other legally protected status.