Ideal Candidate : An aspiring analyst with a quantitative background who has a strong desire to make an impact on business decisions with data. You appreciate the power of a data-driven environment and predictive analytics! Introduction to the team: Wayfair Analytics is the engine that powers an enterprise obsessed with data. We move fast, iterating quickly on big business problems. We work smart, applying technology to accelerate unlocking insights and providing outsized value to our customers. We swing big, knowing our customers won’t benefit from micro optimizations. We treat data as a resource; making information globally accessible and eliminating silos. If you want to join a team with these traits in their DNA, read on. Each Business Intelligence Analyst is aligned with one or more groups, such as Marketing, Logistics, Finance, or Customer Service and partners with those teams to help them achieve their goals. Whether you’re measuring site performance, analyzing customer behavior and trends, data mining, or optimizing SQL queries, you will be working with cutting edge technology and multi-terabyte data sets. At their core, Business Intelligence Analysts at Wayfair are strong in quantitative analysis, enjoy SQL coding but also want to balance that with their interest in business. They think critically to tackle complex challenges, thrive in a fast-paced environment and are seeking a high-growth opportunity where they will have an immediate impact on day one. Responsibilities: Consult with internal business users/stakeholders (e.g., Marketing, Logistics, Finance, and Customer Service) to develop analyses that lead to actionable insights that accelerate profitable growth Wrangling data from multiple sources including sales, inventory, product, and customer databases to create integrated views that can be used to drive decision making Working with several large and complex SQL and Vertica databases Working with OLAP reporting technology, such as cubes, MDX, and data mining techniques Designing and building reports, dashboards, and analyses in Excel, Python, SQL, and Tableau. Qualifications: BA/BS with strong academic record, ideally in Economics, a quantitative social science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics etc. 0-3 years of experience in a quantitative role Experience with Excel (pivot tables etc. ) and SQL Excellent interpersonal and team building skills Positive, people-oriented, and energetic attitude Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.