Careers that Change Lives A Day in the Life Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. Maintains smooth operation of multi-user computer systems, including coordination with other IT functions. Installs, operates, manages, and maintains hardware and/or software, including administrator and service accounts, maintenance of system documentation, tuning system performance, backup/recovery, and other planned configuration changes. Interacts with users and other stakeholders to plan and implement changes and deliver support. Contributes to evaluation and recommendations for vendor products, manages and monitors policies and standards for the use of computing resources, and executes on programs and projects within a specific IT function. JOB SUMMARY: We are looking for a System Administrator to maintain and manage our web application and technology tools. You should be able to diagnose and resolve problems quickly and have the patience to communicate with a variety of interdisciplinary teams and users. Your goal will be to ensure that our technology infrastructure runs smoothly and efficiently. This role will be supporting and operating scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS. Provide technical assistance in developing systems and procedures, which are cost effective and meet user requirements. Must Haves: MAIN JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: 1-2 years of Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Systems Engineering experience with BS Degree Support web application and technology tools Monitor performance and maintain systems according to requirements Ensure security through access controls, backups and firewalls Build an internal wiki with technical documentation, manuals and IT policies Provide support to RTG support organizations and functional teams Run day-to-day operations field issues management Responsible for service delivery in the Production environment Build performance assurance capabilities Monitor application services (including on-call responsibilities) and ensure alignment with SLA requirements Nice to Have: JOB EXPERIENCE Experience with databases, application coding (php/java/Javascript) and patch management Ability to create scripts in Python, Perl or other language Familiarity with various operating systems and platform SKILLS/COMPETENCIES Ability to work collaboratively Analytical problem-solving skills Strong interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills Prioritization skills Meeting facilitation skills About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.