Do you enjoy working in a plant environment? Career opportunity with the safest, most profitable industrial gases company! Starting rate $37-45/hr depending on experience. You could be a great fit for our Operations Team! The Santa Clara Facility is comprised of three air separation (ASU) plants supporting pipeline and merchant gas businesses. Liquid oxygen, nitrogen and argon products are manufactured and delivered to a customer base in and around northern California. Air Products Santa Clara is also a hydrogen distribution location supporting the hydrogen fueling stations of northern California. You will be responsible for controlling and monitoring the distillation process and its associated equipment (e.g., utility systems, compressors, rotating equipment, and DCS operation). You will be expected to perform daily operational tasks, and preventative maintenance as required. RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for the continuous operation of three large air separation units, two purifier units, and a nitrogen liquefier. Duties include: plant start up and shutdowns process optimization and troubleshooting calibrating and operating high precision analyzers implementing established quality standards including ISO, FDA, Food Safety executing preventative maintenance programs assisting routine maintenance work on process equipment cryogenic tanker loading and unloading Successful candidate will be involved in the site safety program and continuous improvement projects. QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants must have a HS diploma or equivalent. A 2-year technical or business degree is preferred, but not required. Applicants should have 2-years’ experience in a manufacturing or production environment Chemical processing or petrochemical environment is preferred Cryogenic plant experience is a plus A strong commitment to safety, working as a team, and operational excellence A self-starter with a strong work ethic Able to work a rotating shift schedule Military Veterans: Air Products is a military friendly employer that values the skills obtained through military teamwork. Our culture and company values the leadership and focus on safety that is obtained from your service. This position would be best suited for Non-commissioned Officers with specific focus in technical fields. Veterans from any branch or MOS with hands-on mechanical skill sets and, for example, experience in propulsion systems, engineering fields, nuclear power, aircraft maintenance, cryogenic technicians, and civil engineering are encouraged to apply. Technical School Graduates _:_ Students with a background in Industrial Systems, Machine Tool Technology, Electromechanical Technology, Mechatronics, Automotive Technology, HVAC, Process Technology, Electrical Technology, Instrumentation Technology are encouraged to apply. We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those applicants who are being considered for an interview, or are currently employed by Air Products, will be contacted. To learn more, visit About Air Products. Air Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer (U.S.) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, citizenship, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or veteran status. LI-CM1