Job Description: The Department of Radiology Manager-Quality and Clinical Operations reports to the Administrative Director of Imaging Services and functionally reports to the Associate Chair of Performance Improvement, and is responsible for the development and, coordination and implementation of the Quality Improvement (QI) Program for Radiological services in all locations. Under the direction of the Administrative Director of Imaging Services and the Associate Chair of Performance Improvement, the manager is responsible for departmental quality assurance and quality improvement projects and programs. The manager serves as a leader and resource, as well as providing expertise across all aspects of the delivery of services to patients and clinicians. The manager provides oversite and guidance to ensure that patient safety and study quality are of the highest standards. This is accomplished with an understanding of the various systems and modalities that make up the department and working with all levels of the department to achieve quality improvement goals, objectives and meet compliance standards, aligned with the mission, vision and values of Stanford Hospital and Clinics. The Manager is a key member of the Radiology Management team and serves as a liaison with other departments and areas which impact qualitywithin the spectrum of the department's activities. The Manager will oversee the collection and analysis of data which will be used to develop quality improvement initiatives and to monitor their success. The Manager may supervise and direct the activities of others on the department Quality Improvement team. Essential Functions Responsible for development, implementation, and coordination of the department's Quality Improvement Program and iniatives for all locations in collaboration with, and under the direction of the Associate Chair of Performance Improvement. In collaboration with, and under the direction of the Associate Chair of Performance Improvement, establishes measurable goals for the QUaity Improvement team. Provides updates to Radiology managers and supervisors regarding activities and progress towards these goals. In conjunction with the other members of the QI team, develops and manages a comprehensive patient and employee safety program, including the identification of safety events and near-miss events, immediate implementation of short-term countermeasures, and implementation of system changes to prevent, identify, and mitigate future safety events. Develops, implements monitors, and continuously improves technical and clinical policies, procedures, and instrumentation as required. Standardizes and consolidates technical processes and efforts when appropriate. Develops, implements monitors, and continuously improves services provided by the Department to internal and external customers, including patients, other Hospital departments, and referring providers. In conjunction with the other members of the QI team, develops and implements a department wide education program focused on the fundamental components of quality improvement and operational excellence. Effectively communicates the quality improvement vision and strategy to members of the department. Identifies best practice techniques in the various areas of the department and recognizes employees or sections that have developed them. Creates forums that facilitate sharing and disseminating of these practices. Works with the department managers supervisors to ensure that proper orientation occurs for all employees and that adequate ongoing and training and coaching is provided to all employees. Fosters and enhances the QI and safety culture within the Department of Radiology by inspiring, encouraging, and empowering individuals to meaningfully contribute to departmental improvements. Serves as a Radiology expert and departmental liaison with Hospital quality and compliance resources. Collaborates with peers in other departments in order to facilitate the seamless flow of patients and information through the department. In conjunction with other department personnel, creates and maintains operational and quality dashboards. Establishes performance targets and process owners. Creates data definitions that allows for performance measurements. Maintains a current working knowledge of information systems, including the Radiology Information Systems (RIS), Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS), and the Electronic Medical Record (EMR). Develops and implements a program to identify patient and provider value streams and remove waste from clinical operations. Leads local teams to develop standard work and common workflows to ensure standard procedures are successfully integreated into daily operations. Maintains a current and working knowledge of image acquisition process and workflow for all modalities. Implements systems and processes to ensure that high image quality is maintained. Maintains a current and working knowledge of the report generation cycle, billing flow and revenue cycle process in the department. Ensures compliance with State, Federal and local regulatory agency requirements and accredidation organizations. Oversees the monitoring, tracking and updating of radiation doses as required by California law SB1237, and other relevant rules and regulations. Maintains frequent communication with the Associate Chair of Performance Improvement and other members of the Quality Improvement team, including formal meetings and less formal communications. Uses the Plan-Do-Study-Act methodology of iteratively testing and scaling workflow changes prior to implementation. Continuously improves personal fund of knowledge regarding quality improvement and radiology by reading the literature, attending conferences and forums, and actively exchanging ideas with colleagues within and outside the institution. Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree or higher required. Experience: Five (5) years of progressively responsible and directly related work experience License/Certification: State of California Department of Health Services- Certified Radiologic Technologist (CRT) preferred. Current ARRT license required if applicant is an R.T. (R). Current RN license needed if applicant is a registered nurse.