To provide intermediate level database administrator (DBA) services for Production, test, and development databases across multiple platforms. To provide intermediate level physical database design, creation, and maintenance services Duties and Responsibilities Provides intermediate level DBA services for Production, test, and development databases across multiple platforms. Works closely with developers and logical data modelers to perform physical database design for business applications/databases with an intermediate number of interfaces and users. May also work on small to mid-size, defined assignments on large scale, business-critical systems. Understands the business requirements for applications and implements supporting database technical capabilities. Helps to resolve issues elevated from staff with less experience. Performs database administration for mid-tier server databases, including installations, upgrades, configurations, and patching. Performs day to day monitoring and optimizing, and provides developer support for creation of databases, tables, and indexes. Builds backup and recovery jobs. Maintains database logs and bug lists. Administers and maintains the production, test, and development databases. Reviews application designs for compliance with production acceptance requirements. Complies with IT policies and procedures, especially those for quality and productivity standards that enable the team to meet established client service levels. Complies with Information Security policies and procedures. Verifies deliverables meet Information Security requirements. Participates in special projects and performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience. Minimum two years DBA, data modeling, business systems analyst, or development experience. Strong written and oral communication skills Strong analysis and problem solving skills Intermediate knowledge of the following DBA practices and concepts: database replication; database monitoring, optimizing, and maintenance; and database logs and bug lists. Intermediate knowledge of one or more IT platforms: Microsoft Windows NT; UNIX; See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. Intermediate knowledge of current versions of the following products: Oracle; Microsoft SQL Server; UNIX Shell Scripting; SQL/PL SQL; Lotus Notes; Microsoft Office Suite. Familiarity with Data Modeling concepts. Special Factors Operations are 24 x 7. May be required to be oncall, work beyond normal business hours, including night shift, as needed. 3 day shift Thurs. Fri. Sat. 6:00 am – 6:30 pm Oracle: Exadata, RAC/RAC1, Data Guard, OEM And/or SQL Server: SCOM, SQL Server Management Studio, Power Shell, Availability Groups, SQL Server 2016 Remote and off hours support: Can be up to 15%. Vanguard does not offer VISA sponsorship for this role.