WHO WE ARE: As a holistic solution provider in the sports, music and entertainment industry, our visionary approach delivers solutions for legendary brands. Legends is led by industry veterans with an unparalleled amount of collective experience in Global Planning, Global Sales and Hospitality, activating across professional sports, collegiate, attractions, entertainment, international and conventions. We are the architects of premium sports and entertainment guest experiences. We are proud to serve our distinguished roster of sports, entertainment and attraction clients which consist of thought leaders, iconic brands and events including Yankee Stadium, AT&T; Stadium, nearly 40 Live Nation venues, One World Observatory, FC Barcelona, Atletico Madrid, Twickenham Stadium, Wimbledon Tennis Championships, Tottenham Hotspur, Golden 1 Center, Manchester City FC, University of Notre Dame, Los Angeles Football Club, Oakland Raiders, Los Angeles Angels, Los Angeles Rams, Los Angeles Chargers, Atlanta Falcons, NFL, University of Southern California, Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, Super Bowl 50 and Indianapolis 500. JOB DESCRIPTION: The Business Development Analyst, Global Partnership Sales will be responsible for executing advertising, sponsorship, and corporate partnership sales efforts for multiple properties. The Business Development, Global Partnership Sales will report to the Vice President, Global Partnerships, West. RESPONSIBILITIES: Proven ability to prospect by performing extensive company and executive research for strategic engagement efforts. Ability to monitor relevant market developments in the sports and entertainment industry Ability to communicate with external executive staff and stakeholders to coordinate meetings and other touchpoints throughout the sales process; followed by ability assist in facilitating such executive meetings (i.e. needs analysis, meeting minutes) Ability to collaborate with internal and external staff in order to plan, ideate and execute partnership pitch presentations and proposals, inclusive of platform development and program thought starters, to new prospects Assist in planning and executing partnership pitch presentations and proposals for prospective corporate partners Excellent communication, organizational and time management skills, with an emphasis on task management and meeting deadlines Develop and maintain proper sales and prospect reporting procedures and databases Meticulous with a keen eye for detail Ability to effectively communicate upward and downward within the organization Participate in events, promotions, client entertainment and other activities as required Self-starter with ability to network and create relationships while working efficiently in a fast-paced sales environment Other duties as assigned by the Vice President, Global Partnerships, West QUALIFICATIONS: Must have direct sponsorship and/or media experience – minimum of 3 years Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university Proficiency with data processing and MS Office applications Ability to work flexible hours, as well as nights, weekends, holidays as required Willingness to travel, as needed Strong Microsoft Office skills (Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, Word). Photoshop and graphic design skills preferred Familiarity with the standard demographic research & analytics tools and ability to derive insights from the data DISCLAIMER: The above is intended to describe the general contents and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities, or requirements. Legends is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.