3M is seeing a DB2 Database Administrator for the Information Technology group located in Maplewood, MN. Here, you go. The person hired for the position of DB2 Database Administrator will have three or more years’ experience supporting multi-terabyte DB2 LUW/DB2 Mainframe databases; ensure 24/7 availability, performance, backup, recovery and security, varied and complex duties and tasks that require independent judgment to implement, support and maintain DB2 products and technology. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Excellent DB2 LUW System/Application DBA skills including HADR, DB2 LUW internals Ensure the availability, performance, recovery and security of the databases Design and implement database infrastructure, including performance monitoring, capacity planning, and automation of database related processes Develop DB2 scripts, DBMS jobs, stored procedures and functions to replicate data to the backup databases, purge old data from log tables Willingness to be on-call in rotation with other staff Basic Qualifications: Associate's Degree/Technical diploma or higher from an accredited institution Minimum five (5) years of work experience in any combination of the following: Systems Administration, Linux Administration and scripting, Relational Database Administration, Software Development, and/or Software Quality Assurance Testing Minimum three (3) years of experience in the administration of DB2 Databases Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher from an accredited institution in Computer Science; Computer Engineering; Computer Software Engineering; Computer and Information Sciences or other Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics disciplines Experience creating and maintaining functions, packages, triggers Experience in an DB2 Mainframe database environment Experience in an SAP DB2 LUW environment Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to assess and resolve complex technical issues Ability to work independently Effective facilitation, communication and teaching skills Ability to multi-task and handle large workloads under time constraints Ability to understand and apply analytical and statistics tools Results oriented with strong process and execution skills Location : Woodbury, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic travel Relocation: Is not authorized _Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws._ _U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens._ _To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s)._ _The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election._ Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status). 3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, or veteran status.