At Valence, we’re all about building potential. That goes for our clients as well as our co-workers. Our mission is to help our customers advance through transformative technology, and we are looking for amazing people to make that happen. Are you ready to dive in, with all your best ideas and creative vision? With Valence, you will work with cutting edge technology in a collaborative environment where you can influence direction and see the impact of your contributions. And we always celebrate as a team when we’ve just delivered something awesome. From our beautiful, modern office space, to our Innovation Studio that encourages everyone to think broadly and experiment with new ideas, we are constantly looking for ways to make Valence an amazing career home for our employees. Our culture is about open communication, open doors, mutual respect at all levels, promoting innovation, and embracing creative ideas from everyone. From our open recruiting process to fun-filled onboarding days with team members and company executives, we want our employees to feel seen and heard even before joining our team. Valence is a dynamic place to build your career, innovate and learn. Come join us – let’s build potential together! OVERVIEW: Are you ready to unleash your skills on the next generation of cloud-connected mobile apps? Do you want to work with the most current technology? Then we need you to join our Engineering team as a Full Stack Web Developer. We are working hard to enable features like User Engagement Analytics, Natural Language Processing, and Targeted Notifications in simple and intuitive user interfaces. Projects will range from providing end-to-end development support to evolve existing IoT solutions to building brand new solutions. Your success in this role will depend upon your ability to take ownership of end-to-end code base, implement solutions, and work well with client development teams. With Valence, you will be able to work with cutting edge technology in a collaborative environment where you can influence direction and see the impacts of your contributions. We love to innovate and are looking for people with a passion for building. DAY-TO-DAY: You will guide clients on enhancements, integrations, and improving the current user experience You will be responsible for optimizing both desktop and mobile browser experiences and are able to quickly change your design paradigm to address unusual user challenges Be a technical leader of your projects and often the primary developer Identify UI problems and bugs and devise elegant solutions. Make strategic technical decisions related to new products and functionalities Be able to translate designs into code with flare You will work in Agile/Scrum/Kanban/Waterfall environments and feel comfortable with any We expect you to take smart risks and champion new ideas WE’D LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU IF: You have a deep interest in knowing the latest trends and techniques in the industry. You will have the opportunity to actively contribute to Valence assets —articles, whitepapers, case studies, etc. You are knowledgeable with front-end frameworks such as React, React Native, Angular2, or Vue.js You have development experience in.Net Framework, or .Net Core You have experience leading web development teams You ideally have both Azure and AWS product experience and development using both platforms Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline 5+ years of professional front and back end development using modern web development technologies and techniques including NodeJS, C++, .Net, JavaScript based frameworks, and web services Strong UX design skills and sound knowledge of UX standard methodologies with the ability to incorporate into solutions WHAT WE OFFER: Fully paid medical/dental/vision benefits for you and your family 401(k)-fully vested immediately, 4% match @ 100% 3 weeks of PTO, plus 8 paid holidays Flexible work schedules, telecommute options, Seattle and Bellevue locations 12 weeks paid Parental Leave Flexible Spending Plan for dependent care, health care and commuter/transit costs Short & Long-Term Disability, fully paid for Life Insurance Numerous company and team building events Low-stress interview process Innovative work culture with automated stand ups, chatbot HR tools, and our own Innovation Studio WHAT WILL MAKE YOU SUCCESSFUL AT VALENCE? You have a passion for innovation and technology. You have a sense of humor. You believe in the potential in everyone. You are ego-free. You’re collaborative and value a work culture where great ideas can come from anyone. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.