Description IT Service Center/Help Desk Support - Associate Velocity Technology Solutions is expanding and is adding an experienced Service Center Administrator to join our dynamic and highly successful team. We are currently interviewing for an experienced Service Center Administrator for our global team. Velocity offers Cloud services across public, private and hybrid cloud environments and is an Advanced AWS partner. Objective: To cross-functionally support our business units in the assignment and incident resolution as a part of our ITIL team. Candidate must have a background in handling and resolving incidents, service requests and managing customer calls. Ideally, should have experience working with multiple computing infrastructure platforms (x86, AIX, HPUX, iSeries). Responsibilities: Provide support for user maintenance, remote hands support, data and system security access, vendor escorts, and program promotions as requested Maintain overall ownership of user’s issue; service ensuring that they receive resolution within a reasonable timeframe Provide initial assessment of urgency and business impact on all support calls Manage service requests, software installations, new computer setups, upgrades, etc. Record incident resolutions and build knowledge base. Internet Explorer, Windows OS, desktops, laptops, printers, NIC’s, basic LAN/WAN connectivity and others as assigned Ability to work independently and in a team environment Ability to communicate well with internal and external customers Work Schedule: Thursday/Friday/Saturday 6AM-6PM, Every Other Wednesday 6AM-6PM Requirements Requirements: MCSE & ITIL certification preferred. 2+ years directly related work experience in a technical support position. Knowledge of multiple desktop programs, configuration and debugging techniques. Strong work ethic, detail oriented as well as excellent oral and written communication skills Skills: Experience working with basic hardware issues, desktops, laptops, printers, and mobile devices both in person and remotely Experience with TCP/IP and general networking issues Experience providing superior customer service and support Experience working effectively in a team environment, communicating effectively, resolving issues efficiently, and contributing to the improvement of the infrastructure Strong interpersonal and organizational skills, successful in working both independently and in a team environment To identify and implement improvements to the Service Desk incident logging system to provide a more effective and efficient service to customers Ability to present and explain technical information in a way that establishes rapport, persuades others, and gains understanding