Global Merchant and Network Services Technology group is looking to hire a senior executive for Staff Engineer position with in-depth Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence (AI) knowledge and experience. Requirements: In addition to having Technical proficiency, we are also looking for someone with experience identifying and implementing critical deliverables in Machine Learning and AI solutions. Staying up to date with cutting-edge industry implementations and Academic research in the area of Data Science is paramount. This leader will drive a healthy business and culture within the Machine Learning Center of Excellence organization and continue to advance product based on cutting edge technologies. The leader must have a strong passion for building collaboration and know how to define, de-risk and execute against the program vision. This leader will partner with enterprise analytics organization while working with Product Owners and Managers to develop and advance analytics-based products. Identify and drive innovation and manage Product Development teams within a fast paced, Scaled Agile (SAFe) environment. Qualifications 10+ years of relevant experience. Typically holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems, Mathematics or Statistics that applies to deep Learning methods and/or computer vision algorithms. Master’s Degree preferred. Proven experience in strategic thought leadership, managing multiple complex projects and demonstrated strength in analytical thinking and problem solving. Experience with training models in linear regression, decision trees, random forests, logistical regression, clustering, dimensionality reduction, gradient descent, signal processing and time series analysis, text analytics and natural language processing, neural networks. Understanding of the underlying statistical and computational theory. Must be hands on and able to write codes and perform tests of applications. Up-to-date knowledge of research advancements and industry applications in Machine Learning and adjacent fields. Engage in hands-on expertise and ensure alignment of strategy, architecture, technical design, and performance tools/methods in agile framework. Understanding of probability theory and distributions, descriptive statistics, matrix algebra, multivariate statistics, polynomial analysis, parametric and non-parametric methods, and plotting data (scatter plots, box plots, gradient plots, polynomial surface plots), experimental design, and Bayesian inference. Must have experience with Mainframe Engineering and data analysis on large datasets on the Mainframe using Mainframe toolset Knowledge in statistical computing languages (Python, or R). Understanding of programming fundamentals (data structures, algorithm theory, learning theory), software development experience (at least 2 of the following programming languages: Python, Scala, Ruby, Java, C, C++). Python and Java preferred. Understanding of big data computational methods. Ability to engage with Senior Management, ability to communicate Machine Learning concepts and identify areas for their application, ability to communicate data science work and results effectively to a senior management and non-technical audience, ability to communicate data science work to Software Engineers, Data Engineers, and Business Intelligence Analysts, story-telling skills, knowledge of visualizations packages in R and Python. Collaborate with a wide variety to stakeholders within Business and develop deep understanding of Technology teams across domains to drive change required to execute Product roadmaps. _Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue Visa sponsorship for these positions._ ReqID: 18010729 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time