What part will you play? Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks an Analyst, Information Management for the Enterprise Technology- Legal & Information Management department. The Analyst, Information Management position is responsible for supporting the business process and systems analysis in the Legal and Information Management Group. This individual will have the opportunity to serve in an enterprise- wide, global capacity by liaising between the global WB business community, technology organization, and external partners in support of Information Management initiatives and projects. Perform business process and systems analysis to support Information Management projects and initiatives; Gather business process and application requirements from key stakeholders; Transform business requirements into functional requirements and technical designs through the project life cycle; Address change management issues and assist in testing, and deployment activities. Support the Record Management (RM) program and data minimalization process, working with Records Management Ambassadors and Coordinators to execute RM training and data clean up events. Develop and maintain training material for Information Management; Support the delivery of on-going training to Business and Technology users as well as training to New Users. Support analysis, remediation and tracking for Data Privacy Initiatives; Maintain Data Privacy/Processing Checklist(s) to ensure consistent implementation of application controls to meet regulatory requirements. Support the Application Attestation Process; Maintain the application controls based on changes to Company security and privacy policies; Support the related Issue Management Process to remediate attestation findings; and Maintain the Application Attestation Tool. What do we require from you? Undergraduate degree or equivalent work experience required. 2-3 years of experience working in an IT information management domain. Knowledge of Information Management, Records Management, Data Protection, Privacy, and other related processes (within the entertainment industry highly preferred). Professional experience in a field directly relevant to compliance with federal, state and local laws, and regulations. Finance and operations experience including knowledge of auditing principles, auditing standards, PCAOB, and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements. Experience gathering requirements, writing functional designs, drawing process flows, uses cases, and writing test cases. Practical application of the software development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile and SCRUM project management with industry standard best practice methodologies. Working in a multi-labor work environment that includes internal and out-sourced resources is a plus. At least one major full life cycle global ERP/SaaS implementation desired. Past practice and implementation of process re-engineering efforts. Deep knowledge of Requirements definition and realization. Knowledge of Information Management, Records Management, Data Protection, Privacy, and other related processes is required (at least one discipline). Solid understand of the current regulatory and legal framework, including internal control main functions (SOX, Operational Risk, etc.). Responsible for root cause analysis, testing, and applying valid fixes. Excellent analytical, problem solving, and multi-tasking skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Management of 3rd party service providers in application and project delivery (on and off-shore). Knowledge of the software development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile and SCRUM best practice methodologies. Develop and maintain system documentation, including technical specifications. Responsible for root cause analysis, testing. Experience with business process and integration configuration. Hands-On experience with ServiceNow and SharePoint. Strong analytical and technical problem solving skills. Excellent skills with O365, Excel, Word, Powerpoint and Visio.