City Scottsdale State Arizona Telecommute No Department Management Engineering & Internal Consulting Position description Management Engineering & Internal Consulting, Mayo Clinic's internal business consulting and management engineering team, has a Health Systems Engineer position currently open and is looking for you to join a team that actively seeks out and shares best practices, invests in your professional development, and offers unique opportunities for career growth. You will be given the creative freedom to find solutions to solve complex issues in health care. You will be challenged and intellectually stimulated while working alongside some of the most brilliant professionals in health care. You will find meaning in your work by making a difference in the lives of patients who come to Mayo Clinic for hope and healing. A Health Systems Engineer provides end-to-end strategic business consulting and management engineering services at various levels of the Mayo Clinic organization, from departments and divisions to governance committees at an enterprise, site and region level. A Health Systems Engineer should: Possess knowledge and demonstrate use of business consulting, analytics and business intelligence, management engineering and operations research methodologies and tools. Understand principles associated with strategy and planning, execution and sustainability, transformation, integration and convergence, and revenue enhancement and expense reduction and apply these with minimal guidance in project work. Perform business case analysis and feasibility, including the examination of costs, benefits, and risks associated with the proposed investment or project. Recommend alternatives for solutions and highlight strategic implications. Have experience applying process and systems engineering, analytics and operations research methods at every phase of a project (defining client needs and required functionality, documenting requirements, and design synthesis and system validation). Consider both the business and the technical needs of all stakeholders with the goal of providing a high quality product that meets the client needs. Be comfortable clarifying and evaluating the feasibility of a project's scope, goals, deliverables and milestones. Coordinate with the client to assure readiness for efficient and effective team engagement and utilization of ME&IC; services. Have experience identifying, recommending, and implementing transformation, including new staffing models, organizational structure, throughput, work flow, and skill/task alignment. Have experience with data analysis, applied analytics, development of findings and recommendations, and presentation of solutions and deliverables. Qualifications Master's degree in management, industrial engineering, systems engineering, operations research, business administration, analytics or health-related field is preferred with 2 years' experience to include several of the following areas of ME &IC; experience or experience in a similar role involving consulting, operations, workflow and staffing analysis, process and systems engineering, electronic systems implementation and leadership with broad-based key institutional initiatives OR Bachelor's degree in management, industrial engineering, systems engineering, operations research, business administration, analytics or health-related field and 5 years' experience to include several of the following areas of expertise: consulting, operations, workflow and staffing analysis, process and systems engineering, electronic systems implementation and leadership with broad-based key institutional initiatives. Key Knowledge Required: General knowledge of core business consulting and management engineering, processes and methodologies. Proven ability to successfully execute projects of minimal to moderate complexity. Understanding of the healthcare industry preferred. Proficiency in use of office and project efficiency tools (MS Excel, Word, Visio and statistical packages). Ability to gather and document project based functional user requirements. Knowledge and demonstrated use of process and systems engineering, analytics and operations research implementation and execution methodologies and tools. Ability to work both independently and as part of a team. Strong oral and written communication and presentation skills. Successful completion of Mayo Quality Fellow Gold Exam within one year of the date of hire. Scope of Responsibility: Partner with the client to assure readiness for efficient and effective team engagement and utilization of ME&IC; services; identification and engagement of long-term process owner, communication with affected areas, availability of data, and representation from process owners and leadership. Identifies, translates and applies predefined best practices on assigned projects. Focus is on refining and transferring processes. Responsible for data analysis, analytics, development of findings and recommendations, and presentation including solution/deliverable, development, and coordinating deployment of deliverables. Individuals interested in the position must be able and willing to make a commitment to remain in the position for a minimum of two years. More information about this position can be found at managementengineeringandinternalconsulting.mayoclinic.org. Exemption status Exempt Compensation Detail Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum salary every 2 weeks is approximately $2,832.80, based on a full-time position. Benefits eligible Yes Schedule Full Time Schedule details Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Some travel required. Site description Mayo Clinic's campuses in Arizona are located in Phoenix and Scottsdale, in the beautiful Sonoran Desert. The region is known as the Valley of the Sun, a metropolitan area with more than 4 million residents in 25 cities and towns. With Phoenix being the sixth largest city in the nation, this sunny "desert metropolis" offers the amenities of a big city in the midst of a strikingly beautiful, rugged, southwest landscape. Scottsdale frequently earns praise as a highly desirable place to live. The city's more than 200,000 residents enjoy a vibrant mix of culinary hot spots, arts and entertainment, professional and collegiate sports teams, and community resources. The region's desert climate promotes an outdoor lifestyle with a full complement of sports and recreation. Category Administration, Business, Finance Career profile Management Engineering & Internal Consulting Job posting number 101716BR Recruiter Jessica Larson Equal opportunity employer Mayo Clinic is an equal opportunity educator and employer (including veterans and persons with disabilities). Email