Job Posting - External ARI, part of the Holman Automotive Group and headquartered in Mt. Laurel, N.J., is a billion-dollar global vehicle fleet leasing and management company that prides itself on providing exceptional service. A recognized leader in the industry and the largest fleet management company in North America. Ranked 27 on _FORTUNE_ magazine’s 100 “Best Places to Work” and 17 on Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT. ARI has more than 65 years of experience offering its employees a place where their careers and personal development can thrive. ARI has an outstanding opportunity for a Senior Information Security Analyst. Job Purpose: Provide information security services across Holman Enterprises global commercial and retail environments. This role involves partnering with both technology and business areas to assess, develop, implement, adapt and maintain information security practices. Essential Functions: Performs assessments facilitating and reporting on exposures through remediation and closure. Assists with developing and performing security controls for common platforms and services including servers, desktops, virtual environments, networks, databases, cloud services provisioning and applications. Participates in incident response, assessing events and threats, quantifying impacts, performing, and coordinating response activities, Reporting on security events and incidents. Assists operational teams in the management and configuration of security implementations such as IPS/IDS, proxy, endpoint technologies, and mail services. Maintains an up to date awareness of adversarial tactics, techniques, and procedures. Performs application security and project reviews, working with third party assessors, business members, technical staff, and application owners to identify exposures, recommend mitigation, and track remediation through closure. Monitors and promotes compliance with information security policies and standards. Develops and proposes changes to policies, standards and procedures Advises management on best practices, data security innovations, current trends, and industry developments. Performs project and vendor data security risk reviews. Develops and facilitates process definition, automation, and improvement. Knowledge and Skill: A motivated self-starter that is able to work independently and in a team environment. Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate security issues to both a technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships at all levels within the company. Familiarity with information standards and assurance and compliance frameworks such as ISO 27001, NIST, COBIT, PCI and SANS Critical Controls. Project management experience. Knowledge of secure software development practices. Familiar with network security and operating security practices Other Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. Professional Certifications such as CISSP/GIAC/CySa/CISA/CISM is a plus. 3-7 years of progressive Information Security and Technical Administration experience and responsibilities.