At PEMCO it’s all about people, starting with our customers. We’re a mutual insurance company owned by our Northwest policyholders and protecting their dreams since 1949. We believe in listening to our customers and showing that we understand them in ways that others don’t. It’s what makes us “a little different.” Come join our dynamic Product team as we execute product initiatives using technology to make a difference! In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to collaborate with other teams across the business to help the company achieve success in our various product lines. Work closely with our Product Managers and Actuaries to provide support on analyses and to develop recommendations that will support the Company's and Product Department's initiatives. At PEMCO you will enjoy the benefits of a smaller company – sharing ideas, learning and seeing the impact of your work – while competing with the big guys and enjoying positive work-life balance. We’re a company of 500+ relationship-focused, jeans-wearing, community-minded people, serving our policyholders from our office in South Lake Union. Come join us! _Applications from internal employees will be accepted through Wednesday, May 2nd at 5:00 pm._ What You'll Be Doing Contribute to the achievement of short and long-term strategies to achieve profitable growth leveraging quantitative and qualitative data Perform semi-complex analysis to evaluate the performance of and identify trends and issues for our products and make actionable recommendations for improvements Assist in product and rating reviews, including making pricing recommendations Compile and submit materials for rate and form filings Query databases to generate scheduled and ad hoc reports and analysis to support department goals Plan and manage small to medium scale, complex projects Build tools to create efficiencies, especially in analyzing metrics Document system workflows and business processes What You'll Bring Two or more (2+) years of data analysis and modeling experience required Requires Bachelor's degree; preference to Business, Economics, Mathematics, or other quantitative fields of study Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint) required High proficiency with Microsoft Excel (create pivot tables, use lookup formulas, etc.) Working knowledge of database software (SQL Server, Teradata, SAS, etc.) preferred Business intelligence software experience is a plus (Tableau, Power BI, Microstrategy, etc.) Property and Casualty Insurance industry experience desired and knowledge of insurance contracts, forms, product pricing and how state regulations impact the business are a plus! Job Conditions This job requires ability to use a computer and work occasional variable hours, depending on work assigned. We've Got You Covered Competitive salary 200% match on your 401(k) up to 6% of your pay Generous medical, dental, disability and life insurance plans A friendly, professional work environment The opportunity to work at a place of integrity, where customer service is emphasized Equal Opportunity Employer