As a member of our Software Engineering Group you will dive head-first into creating innovative solutions that advance businesses and careers. You’ll join an inspiring and curious team of technologists dedicated to improving the design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming that goes into creating high quality software and new products. You’ll be tasked with keeping the team and other key stakeholders up to speed on the progress of what’s being developed. Coming in with an understanding of the importance of end-to-end software development-such as Agile frameworks-is key. And best of all, you’ll be working with and sharing ideas, information and innovation with our global team of technologists from all over the world. The candidate will focus on the Corporate and Investment Bank’s web portal, J.P. Morgan Markets. J.P. Morgan Markets offers Research, Analytics, Trading, and Investor Services to institutional investors. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: Application architecture, Data architecture, and Infrastructure architecture Develop business to business Internet applications. Design, build, test, troubleshoot, and support web based applications. Optimize performance of web applications. Communicate with the full spectrum of global stakeholders and colleagues. Ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals Proficiency in the following: Enterprise Java, Web Development, HTML, JavaScript, SQL, and Source Code Management Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.