Manager, Remarketing & Analytics II - (180000B3) Description General Summary: The Manager, Remarketing Analytics II is responsible for the reporting and analytic functions as well as developing insights and recommendations for the Remarketing department. This role leads pricing decisions in a collaborative way with key stakeholders on a regular basis. The primary function is to develop and implement pricing strategies designed to enhance profitability and ensure integrity in all pricing matters. The manager will extract data stored in various systems for the purpose of developing models to optimize outcomes and producing metrics to assess pricing effectiveness and timely response to market conditions. This position will evolve our pricing decisions by developing improved reporting and tools focused on pricing and demand forecasting. This position requires the ability to synthesize and communicate results, recommend course of action as well as the ability to implement the solutions. Essential Job Function: 1\. Provide leadership for analysis, reporting, forecasting and effective use of data for the purpose of producing vehicle pricing to support Remarketing vehicle sales; provide analysis of data output and provide impact overview for management team. 2\. Manages performance of the remarketing pricing engine to ensure accurate and timely data. 3\. Act as Project Lead on mid-size to large projects including planning, scheduling and status reporting to ensure successful implementation. Analyze and develop project proposals and implementation, current and future processes, operational business requirements, user acceptance test plans and coordination, and evaluation documents. 4\. Analyze data for the purpose of evaluating pricing engine performance, creating new business goals, objectives and processes. Provide reporting to support sale performance for online and physical auction sales; report output will be used to conduct daily business and drive business decisions. 5\. Provide recommendations for business process change based on interpretation of data. 6\. Perform all other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Skills: Demonstrates knowledge and skills in reporting design and implementation preferably gained through experience in automotive finance industry with focus on Lease End and or Remarketing. Strong knowledge of SQL, PowerPoint, SAS, MS Access and Excel Demonstrated strength in organizational, planning and analytical abilities. Skilled with communication of complex subject matter - can simplify concepts and clearly explain to others. Self-starter with strong problem solving skills Can work independently and foster teamwork. Qualifications Education and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent combination of work experience and education 7+ years of general analytics experience 3+ year experience in a role within Remarketing or Remarketing analytics Experience in price modeling and model configurations Experience with advanced statistical techniques (regression analysis, simulation, etc.) Experience using SAS Enterprise Guide and / or advanced SAS procedures. Experience with Tableau (or other data visualization tools) is preferred. General knowledge of the Auto Finance Industry Primary Location: United States-Texas-Plano Other Locations: United States-Texas-Dallas Work Locations: Dallas, TX 6100 W. Plano Parkway, Suite 2000 Suite 2000 Plano 75093 Job: Operations Planning Job Type: Regular Job Level: Manager without Direct Reports Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: Jul 26, 2018