Nintendo of America Inc. The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Nintendo Switch ™ system and the Nintendo 3DS ™ family of portable systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System ™ , Nintendo has sold more than 4.5 billion video games and more than 710 million hardware units globally, including Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, as well as the Game Boy ™ , Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS ™ family of systems, Super NES ™ , Nintendo 64 ™ , Nintendo GameCube ™ , Wii ™ and Wii U ™ systems. It has also created industry icons that have become well-known, household names, such as Mario, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Zelda and Pokémon. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for Nintendo’s operations in the Americas. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company’s website at http://www.nintendo.com . _ This is a CONTRACT position_ We are looking for a talented data engineer to help build data solutions that meet our ever growing need to understand our customer behaviors and preferences and drive success in creating personalized, relevant and enticing experiences on our ecommerce, CRM and marketing platforms. As a data engineer on the business analysis team, you will work with our CRM, Marketing, eCommerce teams and other technical teams to provide the analytic technologies that give them timely, flexible and structured access to their data. You will be instrumental in managing our rapidly growing customer data platform. You are expected to build efficient, flexible, extensible, and scalable ETL design and mappings. We’re looking for Data Engineers who are passionate about data architecture and data-driven decision making, uncompromisingly detail oriented, smart, efficient, and driven to help our business succeed. You know and love working with analytic tools, can write excellent SQL and Unix scripts, can partner with customers to answer key business questions, and you are an advocate for your customers. You should have extensive experience with Star Schemas, Dimensional Models, and Data marts ad working with large complex data sets. You must be a self-starter and be able to learn on the go. DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES In this role, the individual will work closely with the BAP data engineering personnel to: Design, build and document automated scripts/data pipelines that assemble large complex datasets from various sources and integrate them into a unified view. (ETL, Extract Transform Load) Identify, design, and implement operational improvements: automating manual processes, data quality checks, error handling and recovery, re-designing infrastructure as needed. Create data models that will allow analytics and business teams to derive insights about customer behaviors.