At Tweddle Group, we are finding ways to revolutionize the owner and service information engagement experience through progressive methods of information discovery, development, management, and delivery. As a pioneer in the adoption of digital delivery methods like mobile apps and In-Vehicle Help applications for infotainment units, we continue to find new ways to put vehicle owner and service information at your fingertips. Vehicle manufacturers have come to rely on our breadth of capabilities and global acuity to develop products that bond vehicle owners and service personnel with connected vehicles. As a team member, you will be responsible for application development and support including user story elaboration, estimation, analysis, design, programming, unit/integration testing and debugging using agile development practices. A guiding principle is GSD (Getting Stuff Done). More so than anything else, you will be responsible for delivering innovative products to the marketplace. You will work in a highly collaborative, cross-functional, agile environment and will assume a lead role for various practices and decisions. You will… • Elaborate, estimate, and design for small increments of work • Commit to completing well-defined work and deliver on those commitments • Swarm around tasks along with other team members • Peer review code with different people in many situations • Report status of assigned software development and/or maintenance tasks • Perform technology evaluation, design spikes, and root cause analysis when needed • Be a model courageous and continuous learning to the team and actively help team members learn and grow • Promote improvements in programming practices by helping evolve functional and acceptance test driven development, continuous integration and delivery, and automation • Continuously learn and challenge the organization concerning new practices, processes, technologies, and languages • Foster strong teams and collaboration skills by assisting in interviewing candidates and mentoring team members • Provide leadership and assistance among and across teams and the organization We’re looking for team members who are comfortable wearing different hats and enjoy getting stuff done. Who are self-driven and like being a part of all aspects of application development from concept to delivery. Who can optimize and eschew unnecessary overhead and complexities in return for progress. We primarily work on Macs with cloud technologies and open source platforms. We work in the office and remotely. It’s a casual environment intent on conceptualizing, designing, and building great products. You have: • BS in Computer Science or other field of study along with applicable work experience • 5+ years’ experience as developer having used two or more of the following: o Python o React o MySQL o Redis • Experience with other programming technologies such as: o Languages: Node.js (ES6), Java / Scala, Python o Web: HTML5, CSS3. JavaScript, React, VueJs o Frameworks: Express, Spring, Flask, Django, Ruby on Rails o Databases: Postgres, MySQL, Mongo, Redis o Tools: Git, Swagger o OS/Infrastructure/Services: Linux, AWS • Proven experience with responsibility for design and architectural decisions of app • Proven knowledge and practical application of design patterns (MVVM, MVC, SPA) • Experience developing apps that interact with Web Services (REST, RPC, Web Sockets, SOAP, and/or asynchronous networking) • Experience with API management tools such as Mulesoft or Apigee and an understanding of API thresholding, authentication and authorization • The ability to test your code through unit, integration, and functional tests by leveraging unit test frameworks, mocking, and continuous integration • Knowledge of and desire to work in an agile development environment • Excellent verbal and written communication skills • Creative problem-solving skills and ability to effectively communicate and translate feedback, needs, and solutions • Strong teamwork orientation and the ability to foster collaboration within and across teams • A good work ethic and strong sense of ownership of an end result • Ability to manage yourself and be self-motivated You might also have: · Experience working in an agile environment following Scrum or Kanban · Experience at a start up Experience operating SaaS as DevOps (having your own ssh keypair)