POSITION SUMMARY Participates in the design, build and management of large scale data structures and pipelines and efficient Extract/Load/Transform (ETL) workflows. Fundamental Components: Assists in the development of large scale data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs. Applies understanding of key business drivers to accomplish own work. Uses expertise, judgment and precedents to contribute to the resolution of moderately complex problems. Leads portions of initiatives of limited scope, with guidance and direction. Writes ETL (Extract / Transform / Load) processes, designs database systems and develops tools for real-time and offline analytic processing. Collaborates with client team to transform data and integrate algorithms and models into automated processes. Uses knowledge in Hadoop architecture, HDFS commands and experience designing & optimizing queries to build data pipelines. Uses programming skills in Python, Java or any of the major languages to build robust data pipelines and dynamic systems. Builds data marts and data models to support clients and other internal customers. Integrates data from a variety of sources, assuring that they adhere to data quality and accessibility standards. BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: 3 or more years of progressively complex related experience. Has strong knowledge of large scale search applications and building high volume data pipelines. Experience building data transformation and processing solutions. Knowledge in Hadoop architecture, HDFS commands and experience designing & optimizing queries against data in the HDFS environment. Knowledge in Java, Python, Hive, Cassandra, Pig, MySQL or NoSQL or similar. Experience with bash shell scripts, UNIX utilities & UNIX Commands. Ability to understand complex systems and solve challenging analytical problems. Ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate data sets from disparate data sources. Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams. Strong problem solving skills and critical thinking ability. EDUCATION The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.