Come join us! To learn and grow each day and unleash your potential while delivering solutions for the Worlds Leading Brands. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional Data Architect with strong Infrastructure Storage and Cloud experience to join our existing team. The Architect is responsible for the design and delivery of the infrastructure projects across the enterprise utilizing both private and public cloud technology. The Architect will help replace the existing system with a cloud based solution and better the compression which now is 30%. Need someone with extensive Storage, Backup, Infrastructure and Cloud expertise. Responsibilities: Defines, analyzes, and plans all aspects of infrastructure technology including, but not limited to the network, server, storage, database, and application levels. Provides technical leadership and delivery engineering for IT infrastructure for technology projects and provides appropriate levels of documentation to meet requirements. Create viable solutions that align with the business needs while meeting company goals and objectives. Delivery of on premise and cloud infrastructure strategies, defining conceptual, logical, and physical designs, system context data flow, and security architecture Ensure solution designs meet infrastructure best practices and InfoSec governance policies Stay abreast of new technologies as applicable to the client infrastructure environment Requirements: 10+ years within Information Technology with a concentration on Infrastructure and Storage Architecture. Experience delivering solutions in a hybrid cloud environment that spans public clouds and on-premises data centers Experience delivering solutions in a complex distributed infrastructure Ability to interpret functional requirements, perform system analysis, and provide architectural expertise with a focus on Data Architecture Prior experience and a deep understanding in developing Data Architecture design patterns Strong experience with data deduplication, data compression is necessary Strong experience working as Data solutions architect in a large enterprise Strong experience working in the Infrastructure Systems Engineering role Experience working in an Infrastructure Systems Architect role Hands-on experience working in an enterprise level environment designing, building, and supporting network LAN and WAN, server, virtualized, and storage solutions Strong experience implementing cloud model delivery Strong experience with cloud based Infrastructure-as-a-Service (Amazon EC2, Azure IaaS) Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-wiki/knowledge base. Provide status reports to OP account management as requested About Us: OrangePeople is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the OrangePeople team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation