ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (ADOT) _Driving the future of transportation with a diverse and innovative team_ All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. To learn more about the ADOT team CLICK HERE Customer Service Manager LOCATION Motor Vehicle Division 7339 E. Paradise Lane, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 JOB SUMMARY This Position is Open Only to Current ADOT Employees Provides management over multiple MVD Field Offices that provide various services including driver license, title and registration, authorized presence, fraudulent document identification, dealer services, level 1 vehicle inspections, ignition interlock administration, voter, organ donor, and Selective Service registration. Under direction of the Area Administrator, develops the annual offices budgets, and controls office expenditures; develops and administers a Field Office Continuous Monitoring System (FOCMS); develops a succession plan. Building/office responsibilities include physical security, facility maintenance, janitorial service performance monitoring and contract compliance, and Risk Management and Enforcement incident reporting. Provides oversight including meeting office productivity, quality customer service, and audit and control goals and standards. Reviews and monitors the collection, accounting, safeguarding and depositing of revenue funds; and the summarization, analysis and review of data necessary for the preparation of management reports. Interprets, applies, and implements relevant program or operation rules, regulations, laws and policies for the MVD offices. Reviews problems presented by the public, interprets statutes and regulations, exercises considerable judgment and discretion, resolves problems, and makes determinations. Conducts oral interviews and/or investigations regarding violations of state motor vehicle laws, rules, and regulations. Counsels with citizens regarding their responsibilities and driving habits. Investigates fraudulent driver's license applications. Required to drive a state vehicle for travel. Will be required to undergo a background check. Click here to learn more about MVD! _Essential Duties and Responsibilities include but are not limited to:_ Through subordinate supervisors and leads, provide oversight of multiple MVD Field Offices, including responsibility for planning and managing all resources and services, ensuring the quality and integrity of budgets and operational costs providing cost effective and efficient operations providing high quality public service; and developing a highly-motivated staff, office budget, FOCMS and office succession plan Develop office training plan and work direction, ensure appropriate staffing and office coverage, interview and select applicants for available positions, document and review performance, administer discipline, approve leave requests, and initiate personnel actions Handle the more difficult customer service situations elevated by subordinates Monitor supervisors and leads for succession planning Lead teams or special projects. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES _Knowledge of_ MVD and ADOT policies and procedures related to Driver Licenses, Title & Registration, Customer Service Operations, and other business areas ARS, Title 28, transportation laws, AAC Basic management functions, revenue and expenditures, MVD office budget, Division and Program goals and objectives, personnel management, public relations, customer relations, problem solving, subordinate development, interpersonal relations, motivational principles, processes and practices Approving or rejecting identity documents from domestic and foreign applicants for DL & ID credentials Program and other performance metrics, goals/targets, variance reporting Training, leadership, hiring, disciplinary policies and procedures; and the Continuous Process Improvement _Skills in_ Research and analysis Oral and written communication Organization of work space and materials and time management Report preparation Interviewing, hiring and training new employees in work processes Counseling and disciplining employees Computer operation using Microsoft Office programs and MVD databases Multitasking and organization to handle and direct simultaneous and sometimes conflicting work priorities and deadlines Ability to Effectively manage a program consisting of multiple work units Establish standard work processes and procedures and continually evaluate them in order to improve unit performance and satisfy customer needs Write, review and revise summary reports and transmit information to the appropriate business area Lead, motivate and inspire a diverse group of people to accomplish unit goals and responsibilities, to create and execute action plans to address office performance gaps Respond to media contacts as authorized, and respond to contract concerns/disputes in coordination with Procurement management Understand, analyze, evaluate data and make clearly defined decisions to identify, evaluate, and resolve daily, intermediate and long term operational and customer service questions and issues. IDEAL CANDIDATE _The ideal candidate for this position will have:_ Two years of direct supervisory experience. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS This position requires possession of a valid Arizona Class D Driver License. Candidates for this position must complete and sign PART 1 and PART 2 of the State of Arizona Application for Employment at the time of interview, which will allow ADOT to obtain the candidate's motor vehicle record (MVR). The most recent 39-month period shown on the MVR will be reviewed in accordance with A.A.C. R2-10-207.12 (H) and (I). The review must show an acceptable driving record prior to any offer of employment being made by ADOT. Employment is contingent upon an acceptable MVR. BENEFITS _The State of Arizona provides an excellent comprehensive benefits package including:_ Affordable medical, dental, life, and short-term disability insurance plans Top-ranked retirement and long-term disability plans 10 paid holidays per year Vacation time accrued at 4.00 hours bi-weekly for the first 3 years Sick time accrued at 3.70 hours bi-weekly Deferred compensation plan Wellness plans Please visit http://www.azdot.gov/Inside_ADOT/HR/Employment.asp to learn more about benefits given to ADOT employees. All newly hired employees will be subject to the E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification Program. _ADOT supports a diverse multi-cultural workforce that reflects the community, promotes equal opportunity at all levels of the Agency, and creates an inclusive work environment that enables all individuals to perform to their fullest potential free from discrimination._ To submit your resume click the "APPLY NOW" button below _Having trouble applying for this position?_ _Email_ _[email protected]_ _or call (602) 542-4700 for assistance._ ADOT