Responsible for managing and coordinating day-to-day office operations and workflow of data and analytics staff in support of the company's Risk Adjustment department. Manage, motivate and develop analytics staff. Exchange information with staff and offer assistance in addressing workflow needs. Manage all resources associated with the analytics operations unit including performing advanced level analysis, managing department workload and priorities, maintaining efficient processes, and communicating results. Aid department director in strategic planning. RESPONSIBILITIES/TASKS: Analyzes data and presents results in support of the company's Risk Adjustment department. Effectively communicates, makes recommendations, and presents data to appropriate personnel. Works with various business units to help create and drive strategic plans and metrics. Monitors risk adjustment progress of various segments, makes recommendations to take corrective action as necessary, and monitors action plans. Works with the Risk Management team on identifying and monitoring risks. Deep knowledge of SAS, SQL, Tableau, and Power BI. Provide guidance, training and leadership to employees and mentor other analysts. Assure appropriate level of documentation, in regards to, Analytics department and procedures. Regularly communicate issues or progress to department director. Adhere to deadlines; ensure work is completed on a timely basis. Participate in development of annual departmental budget. Subject matter expert for communication used for the parent and Board of Directors. Ensure that all material produced is of utmost quality, is internally consistent, and is completed in timely manner. Institute a peer review process for critical deliverables and provide peer review support for other processes as requested. Work with stakeholders to identify, create, and monitor various reports and key business metrics. Also provide guidance to end-users regarding use and interpretation of results. Review predictive and analytical models for accuracy and reasonableness and leverage output to bring strategic value to the organization. Assist stakeholders in deploying strategies. Performs ad-hoc projects, research, and analysis in support of key stakeholders. Drives business decisions via effective communication and superb understanding of problems presented, analytical assumptions and solutions, and resources required to achieve desired results. Ensure efficient and effective use of company resources, evaluate processes and procedures, and develop new procedures. Exercise discretion when communicating outside of department. Maintain confidentiality of information processed as appropriate. _This position description identifies the responsibilities and tasks typically associated with the performance of the position. Other relevant essential functions may be required._