SUMMARY : Enrollment Advisors advise, educate, consult and support qualified potential students in achieving their professional and personal goals by enrolling in one of our higher education programs. Student leads are provided. They are monitored on things such as the quality of outbound calls, inbound calls, lead contact activity, applications, attitude, working relationships and communication. MAJOR AREAS OF ACCOUNTABILITY : Assist students with the enrollment process, by answering questions, directing them to critical information and clarifying the admissions process. Build rapport and provide guidance for students interested in obtaining a degree. Receive and follow-up on potential students via videoconference, phone, email, fax, and direct mail student inquiries relating to obtaining advanced degrees. Provide essential information related to admissions requirements and enrollment processes to prospective students. Assess potential applicants and determine if they are qualified to apply and enroll in various degree programs Qualify and advise students for various academic programs. Searches and analyses transcripts; determines whether transcripts satisfy prerequisite completion; records results in database; tracks and reevaluates application status as new transcripts are received. Consult with other admission staff and university departments to ensure an excellent student experience. Performs duties in support of University’s core values; Keeps abreast of state-of-the-art developments through attendance at professional meetings and seminars, literature; etc. TRAVEL : Position may require local driving and/or overnight travel to other campuses. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE : Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Minimum of three years’ customer service, account management or relationship building experience Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team, and to interact effectively with colleagues, administrators and faculty members and students, as well as external constituencies. Familiarity with the needs of international students and a diverse student population. Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Excellent telephone skills. Experience with student management systems and associated technology. Valid driver’s license for State of residence and at least minimum liability insurance required by State. Ability to travel within the United States as necessary.