Overview: Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. Description: As an Associate Business Analyst in Supply Chain Management, you will be accountable to manage the financial implications present in the agreements between ARAMARK SCM, Inc. and our vendor partners through invoicing, collecting receivables, and researching differences in payments. You will utilize a proprietary web-based system (RIM): To invoice according to the financial obligation and timing as laid out in vendor agreements, To analyze accounts receivable data for your assigned contracts, To research and resolve payment differences, To prepare data for management to assist in the allocation of national volume discounts, To analyze purchase and billing data and make sound business decisions, To upload and manage data using Excel. You will also be responsible to: Think and reason critically in how your RIM billings will interact with the cash application and income recognition processes, Positively interact with the leadership and staff of related SCM Departments, Prepare Contract Set Up supporting documentation, Provide collection support, Provide cash application support, Provide Peer-to-Peer audit support, Work autonomously, Complete special projects and assignments as required. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree required. Proven organizational, communication, problem-solving skills and the ability to interpret/analyze complex contracts are required. Strong detail orientation and the ability to prioritize multiple projects concurrently is essential. Microsoft Excel experience is a must and Microsoft Office Suite is desired. Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran