Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry. Be part of a new and growing Data Analytics team at Symetra. The Data Scientist is a new role at Symetra and is responsible for leading data science projects from scoping initiatives to model deployment. They will also be responsible in building out and mentoring citizen data scientists and junior analysts across the company. This positioning will be reporting to the VP of Data Analytics. Key Responsibilities: Use advanced data analytics techniques moving Symetra to become a data driven company. Work with multiple business functions and cross functional teams to add value such as Life, Benefits, Retirement, Finance, Operations, Sales, Marketing, and HR. Must be able to communicate and understand area's goals. Scope, recommend, and lead projects with the best ROI potential. Subject matter expert on data cleansing and preparation Ability to work with SQL and its applications Key member in development and adoption of a Symetra "Data Analytics Center of Excellence" focusing on best practices and building out/mentoring a network of self-service data preparation and citizen data scientists Provide insights to management using data, business intelligence, and predictive analytics. Ability to run a data modeling projects from defining the problem to model deployment Strong knowledge of data science techniques such as model selection and validation Work with and recommend emerging technologies and platforms such as applications within AWS and Azure Governance- Develop company best practices and guidance in the area of data and analytics. Document, organize, and communicate thoughts and ideas effectively Other projects and research on an as needed basis. Evaluation of Insuretech Startups and POC projects Education & Experience: 4 year college degree, may have a master or professional designation At least 3+ years in the financial services industry, and 6+ years of total work experience Advanced technical proficiently in Actuarial Science, Data Science, Programming, Statistics, or similar field SQL, and other Microsoft Suite of Products R or Python modeling experience Experience building and deploying models Skills & Abilities: Experience in advanced analytic tools, statistics, or predictive models such as Excel, R, Python, or other commercial predictive modeling platforms Some experience in Data Management (SQL Server for example) preferred Knowledge of data mining techniques Ability to independently research relevant topics, enlighten the team based on findings, and convert findings to value-added deliverables Ability to determine when to use a simple analytic solution and when to use advanced analytical solutions Self-starter motivated to make meaningful contributions Able to lead project teams Desire to learn multiple facets of a large diverse insurance company Strong analytical skills and ability to quickly grasp business needs and objectives Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to manage time and work independently to complete tasks Strong organizational skills May manage 1-2 analysts over time Learn more at www.symetra.com/careers. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled