The Army TADSS Maintenance Program (ATMP) is a seven year Single Award ID/IQ contract for maintenance, sustainment, operations, and support of Army Training Aids, Devices, Simulators, and Simulations (TADSS), Live-Fire Ranges, and Instrumentation Systems. The ATMP portfolio includes ~250,000 live, virtual, constructive, and gaming TADSS located at 422 sites worldwide. The primary customer is PEO STRI in Orlando, FL. PEO STRI’s published vision for ATMP is integrated, one-stop, world-wide maintenance and sustainment for Army Program of Record (POR) TADSS. Computer Operator III - Maintains and operates computers in support of Digital Multi-Purpose Range Complexes (DMPRCs) and Digital Air/Ground Integration Range (DAGIR). The digital ranges facilitate Soldiers mastering the tactics, techniques and procedures of their assigned weapon systems to complete their wartime missions. Maintains and operates computers in support of the Close Combat Tactical Trainer (CCTT) Family of Training Devices at Forts Bliss and Carson. CCTT supports the training of Armor, Infantry, Cavalry, and Armored Reconnaissance units from squad through battalion/squadron level. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Must be able to gain access to military Installation Must have ability to work on computer workstations Must have knowledge of Microsoft Applications Must be able to multi-task Must have strong customer service skills Must be detail oriented Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.