Description The Washington Health Benefit Exchange is a public-private partnership that operates the Washington Healthplanfinder, the online eligibility and enrollment portal used by one in four Washington residents to obtain health and dental coverage. Washington Healthplanfinder allows users to compare and enroll in health insurance coverage and gain access to tax credits, reduced cost sharing, and public programs such as Medicaid. The mission of the Exchange, a state-based marketplace, is to radically improve how Washington residents secure health insurance through innovative and practical solutions, an easy-to-use customer experience, our values of integrity, respect, equity and transparency, and by providing undeniable value to the health care community. Duties The Software Quality Manager is responsible for managing the quality of the custom developed HPF system, COTS products such as Get-Insured, Better Doctor and Edifecs as well as critical WAHBE infrastructure changes. This position is responsible for requirements quality, design quality as well as testing for WAHBE's system. The scope of testing includes unit testing, integration testing, ADA testing, security testing, automated testing, UAT and performance testing. This position is responsible for working with senior IT management to establish priorities, plan and complete projects, and lead process and quality improvement efforts surrounding reliability, availability, and serviceability of the Exchange software. Adhering to industry standard testing processes and taking ownership of IT software testing processes, while fostering a culture of continuous improvement and implementing quality across the organization beyond IT and software is a primary performance expectation. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Assures the quality of workmanship and performance of software developed by or for the Exchange. Debugs software products by applying systematic tests to ensure products meet requirements and quality standards. Develops and executes test plans and procedures. Communicates product issues to development team and works collaboratively to resolve issues. Lead and Manage HBE's testing team. Oversee unit, integration, security, UAT and performance testing initiatives and activities led by different software vendors. Develop QA test approaches that align with different systems and SDLC methodologies (Waterfall, agile, etc.). Responsible for fostering culture of seeking continuous improvement and implementing quality across an entire organization beyond IT and software Define high quality deliverables, milestones and KPIs to be implemented across teams. Lead resource modeling and budgeting activities for different software releases. Optimize quality organizational structure to achieve strategic goals. Oversee the development and execution of test plans to support production release. Coordinate between system integrators and software partners to align and manage testing environments. Partner with development teams to ensure proper test coverage and test automation is delivered with each release. Supervise highly functional and technical personnel. Manage workflows and resolve issues in a high pressure, multi-organizational environment. Develop, implement, and ensure compliance with operational policies and procedures. Create solid cross functional partnerships across the organization, with state agencies, and with vendor partners. Communicate testing and defect issues throughout IT and across other organizations as required. Assist in vendor selection and management. Recommend process and infrastructure improvements. Develop in depth knowledge of HPF and act as SME to support testing team. Support and influence quality initiatives beyond software such as infrastructure and process improvement initiative Manage Problem Management Group across entire organization. Contribute to the development of new processes and solutions Assist with the development of team of professionals with appropriate skills, attitudes and motivation Define vendor quality KPIs and track their implementation and enforcement Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Required: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent in information management, computer science, or science field. Note: Years of experience may substitute year for year of education. Minimum of 7 years solid quality / testing experience Quality Assurance supervisory experience. Demonstrated experience creating and implementing software testing policies and procedures. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong background in implementing metrics to measure vendor and system performance. Hands on testing experience with custom developed systems. Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools. Ability to quickly learn business processes and understand system functionality in depth. Strong problem solving and decision making skills. Creative and innovative Strong leadership experience; leading meetings, presenting, building high performing teams, and cross-functional collaboration Knowledgebase creation and maintenance. Bug tracking systems experience such as JIRA, ALM, Zendesk. Policy and procedure creation and implementation Project Management and process improvement experiences Experience communicating with executives and external stakeholders. Resource modeling and budgeting experience. Experience working in both an Agile and in a Waterfall environment. Uses data to strategically advise business leaders. Self-motivated, persistence and thoroughness to complete work Desired: Master's Degree or equivalent in Information Management, Computer Science, or similar technical field. Industry certifications demonstrating technical proficiencies (MCSE, CNNE, OCP, or equivalent) ITIL Foundations certification or equivalent. PMP Certification ITIL/CMMi-SVC Process Maturity Implementation experience. Experience with ADA testing. Experience with security testing. Experience participating in different phases of the SDLC Continuous process improvement, Agile or LEAN certification and/or experience. Supplemental Information Please click here to submit an application. WORKING CONDITIONS Core business hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Travel requirements will be limited to local travel, however there may be occasions were an employee is required to travel and work irregular hours to attend meetings or trainings. Duties of this position require the use of standard office furniture and equipment (e.g. desk, filing cabinet, computer, printer, telephone, fax machine, copy machine, etc.). The working conditions and physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Candidates under final consideration for employment with the Exchange are subject to a background check. OTHER INFORMATION The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and levels of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills of personnel so classified. This is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability (Download PDF reader)