Job Summary The Program Manager is an integral part of the Housing Assistance team at the Dakota County Community Development Agency (CDA), a premier organization that administers over 30 programs to enhance the economic vitality of Dakota County. This position provides management support in the department, facilitates the efficient and effective operation of the Housing Choice Voucher (HCV) Program by providing direct supervision, guidance and training of Housing Specialists and Program Support Assistant. The Program Manager also directly manages the Family Self Sufficiency portfolio including grant management and meeting with clients to ensure program success. As needed, the Program Manager will serve as back up for the Director and Assistant Director of the department. The Housing Assistance team administers local, state and federally funded rental assistance programs. The largest program is the federal Housing Choice Voucher Program that serves over 2,600 households. The Dakota County CDA has consistently been recognized as a High Performer in the administration of the HCV Program by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The Program Manager will act as a contact for program participants and will help ensure high program utilization and compliance. Examples of Duties 1\. Supervise Housing Specialists and Program Support Assistant staff Interpret state and federal housing regulations and advise staff regarding their application Develop and monitor administrative procedures to maximize efficiency and effective compliance with regulations Approve staff recommendations for termination of client assistance Approve client requests for reasonable accommodation of disabilities Conduct quality control audits and advise the Department Director regarding compliance issues Evaluate staffing levels and coordinate coverage during absences. Make hiring recommendations; direct recruitment efforts, review and rank applications, and conduct candidate interviews. Manage performance; plan for employee development, conduct performance evaluations, and grant merit increases or take disciplinary measures as appropriate. Review and revise job descriptions with consultation with Human Resources. Approve timesheets, mileage claims, leave requests, purchase orders, and check requests for direct reports. Train staff in department and agency procedures and policies. Ensure adequate staff coverage; establish work schedules and assess and adjust staff workloads. Attend trainings to enhance supervisory skills (i.e. U of M Supervisory Certificate Program) Stay engaged in program changes and best practices by attending conferences and webinars (i.e. MN NAHRO, NAHRO, Yardi) 2\. Perform grant administration for special programs (e.g. Family Self Sufficiency, Continuum of Care, Bridges, Housing Trust Fund) Manage Family Self Sufficiency caseload (approximately 25 households) Monitor program budgets and direct expenditures to ensure full utilization of program resources. Prepare and submit grant applications and funding requests to Minnesota Housing and the U.S Dept of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Facilitate execution of grant agreements and required amendments. Prepare and submit quarterly and annual reports to MHFA and HUD Conduct quality control audits of tenant files to ensure compliance with program requirements. Monitor outcomes and advise Department Director regarding options for improving effectiveness. 3\. Support the use of technology to achieve key departmental and organizational objectives Assist Director in development of short- and long-term technology plans Perform Data Import Process (DIP) to launch electronic workflows and facilitate electronic document management for client records Evaluate and monitor electronic document management system (OnBase); ensure compliance with record retention policies, regulatory requirements and workflow objectives. Assist with training of department staff in the use of software to achieve consistency and efficient use of technology. 4\. Perform data compliance functions and analysis Analyze program data; identify trends and program impacts, summarize data in easily understandable reports, tables and charts for management use. Develop, produce, and interpret data reports to ensure budgetary compliance and compliance with program regulations and policies. Develop, generate and ensure accuracy of monthly management reports (e.g. utilization, demographics, caseload rebalancing) for management use. Complete required monthly PIC submission, analyze results, and resolve any errors 5\. Perform administrative tasks for the Department Evaluate terminations, policy exceptions, and reasonable accommodation requests and render appropriate decisions Provide input and feedback during preparation of the Department budget Act as back-up for the Assistant Director of Housing Assistance during absences Coordinate documentation and supervisory audits for annual Section 8 Management Assessment Program certification to HUD Coordinate corrective action for audit findings and assist in preparing response to funding entities Expand service capacity by preparing funding applications and coordinating development of new programs Assist in the development of policies and procedures Prepare Requests for Board Action and present items to the Board for discussion and consideration Oversee vendor relationships and invoice processing to ensure accuracy and timeliness Complete special projects and other duties, as assigned 6\. Perform outreach and public relations activities for the Housing Assistance Department and Agency Attend and represent the CDA at meetings with other housing agencies and services providers Develop and maintain relationships with funders, service providers and partners Oversee interactions with Dakota County Sherriff Department and Dakota County Attorney's office to ensure responsiveness and optimal cooperation within data privacy limitations Write articles for agency newsletters and other client correspondence 5\. Act as a positive representative of the CDA. Promote a positive image of the CDA to clients and landlords. Develop and maintain a good working relationship with CDA employees, vendors and contractors working with the CDA. Answer calls and emails within 24 business hours. Handle calls or meetings with irate parties in a professional manner to diffuse the issue/conflict. Typical Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Housing, Social Work, Business Administration or related field and five years of related experience. Housing Specialist Certification Housing Quality Standards Certification Knowledge of: The regulations and policies of all Housing Assistance Department programs, procedures and policies Housing Assistance Department forms and documents CDA Agency programs Personnel development, direction, supervision, administrative practices, and procedures Minnesota Government Data Practices Act Computer software including Yardi Voyager, OnBase and Microsoft Office Suite Tenant/Landlord Laws Basic Mathematics Problem-solving Techniques Ability to: Accept responsibility, work independently, and manage time effectively to meet deadlines. Work with a varied client base including special populations/clients with special needs and communication barriers. Motivate staff, foster teamwork, and resolve conflicts. Initiate work projects, accept responsibility and authority, delegate, and work independently Handle difficult situations in a professional manner, when dealing with the public. Make decisions which have financial and/or legal consequences and which involve technical complexity. Process and maintain large volumes of detailed information. Work under pressure and with interruptions. Be flexible. Respect privacy and confidentiality of clients. Ability to negotiate. Make decisions. Interpret and apply legal documents and regulations. Disseminate, discuss, and discern information (oral and written). Operate computer software programs.