Synack is redefining how organizations do security. We crowdsource background checked, ethical hackers from around the world and empower them with "smart" technology to create a solution for today's growing and ever-evolving cyber security demands. We are passionate about making the world more secure and our mission is to proactively help organizations defend against cyber attacks before they get breached. How do we do it? By building a team that isn't afraid to think outside the box or take on big challenges. Imagine the possibilities at Synack - a company that CNBC named to their elite Top Disruptor list in 2015 ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/05/12/cnbc-disruptor-50.html ), again in 2016 ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/06/07/2016-cnbcs-disruptor-50.html ), and yet again in 2017 ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/16/synack-2017-disruptor-50.html ) - threepeat. As a member of our Vulnerability Operations team, you will have no shortage of interesting vulnerabilities to look at and learn from! In this role, you will be responsible for analyzing vulnerabilities and reporting these threats in real-time to our customers. If you would like to work alongside security experts and tackle tough security challenges, keep reading... Here’s what you'll do: Technical Communication - Interface with our crowd of hackers, the Synack Red Team (SRT), to ensure alignment between their efforts and the security needs of our customers, assist with technical issues, and prepare and launch successful security assessments Client Communication - Be an information security technical contributor while assisting project managers during client communication, ensuring security assessments run smoothly and exceed expectations Validating results - Validate the vulnerabilities discovered by the SRT by replaying researcher provided proof of concept exploits against our client’s targets, and then proofread vulnerability reports before they are delivered to our clients Here's what you'll need: IT security experience, including web application security and/testing and/or bug bounty experience Operational knowledge of web applications and their potential vulnerabilities The proven ability to leverage your knowledge of common network, mobile and web application penetration testing tools A clear understanding of the OSI model, TCP/IP and industry-standard defensive concepts Awareness of best practices, information security risk management, and industry trends A working knowledge of industry standards such as CVSS OSCP, CEH, Security+, CISSP, or any GIAC certifications are a plus Must be able to obtain US Government Security Clearance It’s all hands on deck, it’s hard work, it’s winning, it’s Synack. Join us! Synack is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.