Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States 6K8CP1 The Chinook H47 Systems Engineering, Airworthiness Certification team is seeking an entry level Systems Engineer to assist with the development of domestic and international airworthiness certification products including the decomposition, allocation, and compliance verification of certification and regulatory requirements. This position is located in Ridley Park, PA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense The successful candidate will assist in defining military airworthiness approaches associated with aircraft certification, basis of certification and the generation of compliance summaries; assist with gathering certification data and assist in incorporating necessary changes; participate in the resolution of cross-functional technical issues to ensure optimized solutions; support the planning, organization, implementation and monitoring of Systems Engineering assessment/program milestone reviews and corrective action plans. The successful candidate will: Assist with analyses to evaluate customer/operational needs to define system requirements. Assists with analyses for other specialties quality factors to include: safety, reliability, maintainability, testability, human systems integration, survivability, vulnerability, susceptibility, system security, regulatory, certification, product assurance. Work under close supervision and frequent review. Interacts and effectively communicates, both verbally and in writing with internal Team members and external Teams, Customers, and Airworthiness Organizations. Possess strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills & Experience) Adaptability Communication Project Leadership Product Knowledge Engineering Knowledge & Comprehension Systems Thinking Information Monitoring Customer Focus Design/Produce Process Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Yes, 10 % of the Time Vertical Lift Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company