Overview Ogilvy New York is searching for a Social Media Analyst - someone who loves connecting social data with business results, to help steer the direction for our clients. The ideal Social Analyst loves numbers and uses them to tell stories and provide actionable recommendations. Who Are You? A critical thinker, upbeat, and a self-starter. You're someone who's driven to look for better ways to do things and excited at the prospect of working in an industry that is constantly evolving. The social team of Ogilvy develops integrated dynamic content strategies that make brands, sales and customer value grow. We match great creative ideas with effective distribution and leading expertise in paid media in social. We have social platform expertise in: Consumer engagement (including audience development, awareness & impact campaign) Paid social media execution Social insights, research, and persona Social CRM campaigns Social Performance campaigns Creative best practices Influencer strategy Ogilvy’s client portfolio includes: IBM, Philips, Aetna, Nestlé, American Express, Showtime, Southwest, British Airways, Jägermeister and UPS. Responsibilities The Social Analyst will work on a specific portfolio of brands. Through a strong understanding of social platforms they take an active role in all aspects of a social project—identifying brand’s issues, running competitive benchmark, forming recommendation, building architecture of programs, drafting the budget, defining the drivers of performance and the KPI’s framework. Work closely with integrated teams to create measurement plans, goals and KPI’s, and deliver regular analysis on social brands across Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, and more to clients. Get your hands dirty pulling together data from social media channels and social listening tools, tying analysis and insights back to business result. Connect and drive strategy of social data with other media analytics data such as paid, website, traditional PR, and CRM. Deep dive into social platform analytics tools, both native and third-party, to understand how they work, and translate what their output means for business strategy. Act as a storyteller, translating complex analytical work into easy to understand analysis and recommendations for client and account teams. Partner with integrated teams to think outside the box on how social listening can help fuel business impact. Qualifications 1-3 years of analytical role experience Strong understanding of statistical methods and analysis such as probability distributions, regressions, correlation, causation, variance, etc. Proven ability to independently manage multiple priorities in a fast paced and deadline driven environment. Spreadsheet and data visualization (i.e. Tableau) capabilities; can build detailed business reporting Connect and drive strategy of social data with other media analytics data such as paid, website, traditional PR, and CRM. Familiarity with social monitoring tools including but not limited to Crimson Hexagon, Radian 6, Spredfast, Percolate, and Sysomos. SQL, Python, R a plus A bachelor's degree in statistics, finance, mathematics, and/or behavioral economics is a plus.