Linux Systems Administrator Do you have a passion for Linux based systems? Do you enjoy making sure each piece of a system works as you intended it and watching a farm of servers update and operate autonomously? Does the idea of installing and testing new technologies to resolve problems sound like the job you were born to do? Well good news, we have an opening on our team for you! CPAP.com is an internet retailer of sleep apnea equipment. We are an established e-commerce company that had its beginnings many years ago in the garage of our CEO’s family home selling cpap machines on Ebay. We’ve grown and evolved since then, but our passion for open source solutions, innovation, and iteration have never waned. In our systems administration team and the company as a whole, we value effectiveness, robust solutions, and quality results. Our Mission is to give our customers a better way to treat sleep apnea. Sound like something you’re interested in? Read on. As a Linux Systems Administrator, your daily responsibilities revolve around the care and feeding of our CentOS server farm which is hosted on our own virtualization stacks. Typical duties include: Patching, troubleshooting, and provisioning Linux systems through Saltstack, VMWare, Kickstart, and other automation technologies Configuring and maintaining state of ~200 CentOS servers using Saltstack. Troubleshooting application issues from the sysadmin perspective with developers Responding to alerts from and maintaining our monitoring system, Check_Mk Researching and implementing new technologies and applications To be successful in this position, you’ll need: At least 3, preferred 5, years of professional experience as a Linux Systems Administrator as this position serves as a technical expert for their areas of responsibility. At least 2 years of professional experience actively troubleshooting any version of Linux/Unix in a production environment. Experience using any flavor of centralized Linux configuration management such as Saltstack, Puppet, Chef, etc. Saltstack experience is a major benefit. Experience maintaining Mysql servers and clusters. Percona Server experience is a plus. This is a salaried, full-time position working 8am to 5pm CST in our office, located at 13235 N Promenade Blvd Stafford, Texas 77477, about 25 minutes from Midtown via 59 South. CPAP.com offers a generous benefits package for salaried employees which includes: 401k with matching PPO medical, dental, vision and life as well as short and long term disability Company sponsored training and professional development opportunities Primary and secondary parental leave Our interview process has 3 rounds. We’ll gather a few pieces of contact information from you and a copy of your resume. In that same step, you’ll complete an initial written assessment consisting of a handful of questions where you can show us your skills, on your terms. The second round is a Break Fix exercise and phone interview where you can show us how you handle real world scenarios. Finally, an in house interview comprised of a more involved Break Fix scenario and a panel interview where you will get to meet the team you’d be working with. This is a unique opportunity to work for an open minded team solving interesting problems with competitive compensation, excellent benefits, a management team that understands and embraces technology, and an opportunity to make a difference in the world by giving our customers a better way to treat sleep apnea! Click the Apply button to join our team!