Sr. Migration Architect (Data Center Architect) - FC0065850 Description Design the application services data center architecture for a major application migration project for a large manufacturing company to plan the transfer of applications from a legacy data center into a cutting edge technology data center. Provide architecture strategy for a hybrid cloud environment. Provide front line representation of the project to C-level executives. Analyze application portfolio to create application migration groups. Direct onshore and offshore teams to perform analysis, remediation, and application migration activities. Design the migration factory. Individual selected will be able to clearly demonstrate their acquired knowledge of data center architecture, data center operations and data center transformations to an expert level. Qualifications Experience developing data center migration strategy and key components of a data center migration Experience designing and leading the transformation of large scale data center is required Experienced working with C-level executives on project status, project vision, strategic direction and industry best practices Experience with Pivotal and VMware solutions Experience managing 10+ member teams, define KPIs for the project activities, and measure the teams’ progress against defined KPIs Understanding of how to develop a service framework Ability to provide expert strategic advice for cloud application development, cloud application deployment, designing a private cloud infrastructure, private versus public cloud options, virtualization, containerization, and DevOps Ability to discover application characteristics of mainframe, midrange, and Wintel applications that will help define migration groups Experience assessing applications and application architecture Prepare a technical and architecture plan to achieve the stated goal and adjust the plans according to progress and interdependencies Provide cross-vendor communication in a multi-vendor project Experience with ITIL framework is required Using problem-solving, critical thinking skills, and independent thinking to overcome challenges Communicating in writing and verbally and with clarity Accountability for meeting commitments and deadlines. Demonstrates principled leadership and sound business ethics; shows consistency among principles, values, and behavior; builds trust with others through own authenticity and follow-through on commitments. Monitors progress of self and others and redirects efforts when goals are not being met. Job Type Experienced Job Consulting Primary Location MI-Dearborn