Associate Technician Production Operations - BEC011653 About Us At Beckman Coulter, we are dedicated to advancing and optimizing the laboratory. For more than 80 years, we have been a trusted partner for laboratory professionals, helping to advance scientific research and patient care. We do challenging work on a global scale, and are invested in growing our associates’ careers. We embrace continuous improvement, and are passionate about moving science and healthcare forward. We have a vital role at Beckman Coulter: our focus on innovation, reliability and efficiency has led us to become the partner of choice for clinical, research and industrial customers all over the world. Beckman Coulter is a Danaher company, operating in two industries: Diagnostics and Life Sciences. Description Provide assistance in the assembly of sub components in support of manufacturing assembly. Provides guidance on processes to Manufacturing Associates. Candidate must be able to work in a manufacturing environment utilizing personal protection equipment. Position will consist of a combination of 80% standing at a work station, 10 % walking and up to 10% sitting. Qualifications Education Requirement · Minimum completion of High School / GED Job Qualifications. · 1 to 2 years previous experience in mechanical assembly Proficient in the use of hand and power assembly tools and testing equipment preferably in a regulated manufacturing environment. · Must have the ability to read and write in English. · Computer experience required as the candidate will be required to do some basic data entry to complete job documentation. · Must be able to lift up to 25lbs consistently throughout the day Technical Experience · Ability to perform complex mechanical assembly / test procedures Accountability and Impact · Produce product to take time in a multiple assembly procedures · Able to process and review all production documentation · Problem Solving and Innovation · Assist in process improvement efforts Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked 162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years. At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization : Beckman Coulter - Diagnostics Job Function : Manufacturing & Operations Primary Location : North America-North America-United States-MN-Chaska Schedule : Full-time