Database Analyst Intern Three Deep is seeking a Database Analyst Intern who is ready to show off their skills in a data-driven organization. This candidate will be responsible for providing the rest of the Analytics team a way to find stories from data. These include properly sourced, cleansed, and thorough data, administering sources ranging from site (.com), first-party data, CRM, social media channels, and data received from third-party resource vendors, ultimately assisting on all back-end database applications and procedures within the department. Your responsibilities: The Database Analyst Intern will take a large role in data management on a multitude of different database platforms and software programs. This role will consist of: Proactively partnering with analysts, developers and solution architects to implement the analytics scripts needed Maintaining internal databases, as well as connecting to and maintaining external data sources that are used in client-facing dynamic reports (Tableau, Excel, Google Data Studio among others) Testing and managing various database sources from site, first- and third- party, and ad hoc pulls; ensuring proper functionality and integrity of the data Connecting to and maintaining various data sources to build dynamic reporting dashboards, managing a central database (received from multiple sources) that would allow for a multitude of client facing reports You’d be a good fit if you: Have demonstrated proficiency using database management platforms and software (MySQL, R, Python, Tableau or others considered) and experience in data management, data administration, and data blends and joins across multiple sources Have in-depth MS SQL experience a plus Have site and digital analysis skills using various programs (Google Analytics, Adobe Omniture, or others) strongly preferred Possess the ability to make numbers and data beautiful (Tableau, Excel, Google Data Studio preferred) Have prior experience in web tagging (Google Tag Manager or others) or website data and event management preferred Possess strong data, analytic, and quantitative skills. Are detail-oriented Have effective communication skills Thrive on collaboration and work well with others within the analytics team as well as cross-departmental peers Can balance multiple priorities and time management with internal and client-driven deadlines Are naturally curious and driven about data and insights Have or currently finishing up your BA/BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Statistics, mathematics or related field Are living in or near the Minneapolis/St. Paul area - this is an on-site internship Details Start Date: 9/4/18 End Date: 12/15/18 Hours: We are flexible in this area. Anywhere between 15-40 hours a week Three Deep Marketing Core Values Our Core Values are Team First, Passionate, Problem Solver and Accountability _We aim to surround ourselves with employees who exemplify our core values and avoid hiring those who do not. Whether you are new to Three Deep or have been an employee for years, you are expected to represent these core values each and every day._ Team First Know your role and do it really, really well; then lock arms with your team and drive outstanding business results. Take a team first, me second approach to doing business – find a way to get what you need, respectfully. Easy to work with, have a good sense of humor, and positive attitude. Good communication skills internally and externally. Passionate Passion for treating the client’s business as our own – we get our best results by forming partnerships, not vendor/client relationships. Ambitious – actively working to improve your skill set, and the skills of our teams. Intellectually curious – not just asking “what and how” but “why” and “what else”. Problem Solver Ability to think creatively & bring innovative solutions to marketing challenges for the agency and our clients. Flexibility to figure things out while processes are being defined. Same day turnarounds are frequently required, and priorities change quickly. Accountability Accountability at Three Deep means doing the right thing to get the job done. That means taking responsibility to get things fixed, even if it’s not your fault. It also means owning your mistakes if you make them and working to find a solution. Reliable, professional and extremely organized. Ability to work independently as well as in a collaborative environment. Ability to hit deadlines or predict if you aren’t going to be able to deliver on time and to the level of quality necessary. Equal Opportunity Employer We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of nondiscrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. Three Deep Marketing is a digital performance agency. We offer a full portfolio of professional services using proprietary technologies and business expertise to design, deploy and optimize marketing campaigns to support both Fortune 500 companies and small and medium business. Our services include marketing strategy and planning, database marketing, search optimization, paid media, campaign management and execution, web development, and program reporting and analysis.