The reasons to work at MultiCare are as unique as the people who do. Join us for the professional challenges you seek. In the settings you prefer. With schedules that fit your life. Learn more at www.multicarejobs.org Position Summary: The Architect Technology Management, works with business and technology stakeholders senior leadership, middle management and subject-matter experts to build a holistic view in order to link the business mission, strategy and processes of the organization to its IT strategies. As an expert in Healthcare IT Infrastructure, leads technical and business discussions relative to future enterprise direction and innovation. Analyzes the current architecture and processes to optimize system stability, exploit technology investment, increase customer satisfaction, and provide capacity planning. Provides mentorship in all areas of technical support, including design, development and configuration of key technology verticals. Works directly with business and IT associates to ensure best-practices for hardware performance and sustainability. Leads project work efforts at an enterprise level, which includes communications and presentations to senior leadership, steering committees, and clinical collaborative groups. Minimum Requirements: 8 years of experience in enterprise and business information system architectures, project management, and information systems design and development; including experience in process redesign, project management, change management, integration and implementation, and with enterprise infrastructure architecture. Experience with healthcare systems, workflow analysis, network, databases, storage, and servers design preferred. Recent experience as a senior-level analyst responsible for enterprise-level implementations. Leadership experience, including interviewing and hiring, decision-making, staff mentoring, staff development and peer-review or evaluation, preferred Education/Licenses/Certifications: Bachelor?s degree in business, healthcare, or IT-related field or work experience that demonstrates competency. Current Washington State Driver?s License preferred.