Division: Digital Factory Business Unit: Product Lifecycle Management-PLM Requisition Number: 228343 Primary Location: United States-Michigan-Troy Assignment Category: Part-time temporary Experience Level: Entry level Education Required Level: Other Travel Required: No Division Description: Siemens Digital Factory offers a comprehensive portfolio of seamlessly- integrated hardware software and technology-based services in order to support manufacturing companies worldwide. Siemens PLM Software, a Plano, Texas-based business unit of the Digital Factory Division, is a leading global provider of product lifecycle management (PLM) and manufacturing operations management (MOM) software, systems and services with over nine million licensed seats and more than 77,000 customers worldwide. For more information, please visit: https://www.siemens.com/us/en/home/company/about/businesses/digital- factory.html Job Description: Siemens US Talent Acquisition Data Science Student Internship Location: Troy, Michigan Start Date: Fall 2018 Hours: Part-time during the school year Discover your career with us at Siemens PLM Software! We are a leading global software company dedicated to the world of computer aided design, 3D modeling and simulation— helping innovative global manufacturers design better products, faster! With the resources of a large company, and the energy of a software start-up, we have fun together while creating a world class software portfolio. Our culture encourages creativity, welcomes fresh thinking and focuses on growth, so our people, our business, and our customers can achieve their full potential. We are seeking a motivated student who has experience and a strong interest in machine learning. You will get the opportunity to: Engage in data mining and web scraping methods to collect information and run through decision analytics for actionable insights Processing, cleansing and verifying data integrity for analytics Build predictive models on top of internal datasets Draw insights and prototype data charts to display results Prepare reports to share with stake holders the progress and final delivery Ability to work independently on projects with minimum supervision Requirements: Currently enrolled in a university pursuing a master’s degree in in Computer Science with a related Data Science Program Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or a related field Graduating in 2019 or later Good understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as deep learning, k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. and experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, SQL, Hive, Java etc. Skills in the Statistics discipline - distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Experience with data visualization tools, such as R, Shiny and Tableau Excellent written and verbal communication skills Exceptional problem-solving and decision-making skills Ability to work well in a team