Architect- Cloud Location: Virtual (very minimal travel). Unisys is a global information technology company that builds high performance, security-centric solutions for the most digitally demanding businesses and governments on Earth. Unisys offerings include security software and services; digital transformation and workplace services; industry applications and services; and innovative software operating environments for high-intensity enterprise computing. We build better outcomes securely for our clients across the Government, Financial Services, and Commercial markets. For more information, visit www.Unisys.com. Position Overview : The Cloud Architect will develop architecture blueprints for the Cloud Management Platform capabilities (includes hardware, software, processes/procedures, licensing criteria, tool integrations, etc.) Responsibilities : Collaborates with the Portfolio architects to identify and architect enhancements and new capabilities for the Cloud Management Platform offering. Collaborates with the Portfolio architects to identify costs for the items in the Cloud Management Platform eco system. Provides oversight and guidance to the Cloud Management Platform developers to deliver a complete operational solution. Generates various documentation and presentations for use by Solution Architects, developers, etc. . Collaborates with the Transition teams to identify and architect customer on-boarding processes and procedures. Skills, Experience & Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related field of study and/or job experience. Expert level experience in delivering infrastructure related services Diverse programming skills and experience. Expert level experience with ITSM platform(s) and ITIL processes. Experienced in Automation orchestration and/or distributed automation (process, health check and/or configuration management) Strong track record for being a self-starter and collaborating across global teams Highly skilled and, very effective, communicator and mentor Required Skills Experience with automation tools (ServiceNow Orchestrator, BMC Atrium Orchestrator, Puppet, or equivalents) Demonstrated experience using documentation tools like Word, Adobe PDF, etc. for written communications Demonstrated experience using presentation tools like PowerPoint for presentations and verbal communications Process engineering experience. Demonstrated experience with infrastructure administration (i.e. Windows admin, Unix admin, DB admin, etc.) Highly experienced with Incident Request and Change within ITILv3 Applicants selected must meet the requirements to obtain and maintain US government security clearances and ability to meet US Citizenship requirement. Do you have what it takes to be mission-critical? Apply Now. Unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. To learn more about Unisys visit us at www.Unisys.com. Unisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO). Minorities, Females, Disabled Persons, and Veterans.