Job Title: Business Analyst Area: Business Analysis & IT Delivery Reports to: Manager, Business Analysis & IT Delivery Classification: Exempt Organization Overview Rotary is 1.2 million inspired business and professional leaders, in 35,000 Rotary clubs and more than 200 geographical areas united daily across cultures and occupations addressing illiteracy, disease, hunger, poverty, and lack of clean water. The fervent idea exchange celebrates diverse perspectives and facilitates positive change. Passion and engagement abound at Rotary International. In exchange for hard work and dedication, our employees are rewarded with competitive salaries, flexible schedules, comprehensive benefits, and job enrichment. We offer all this and more. Come join us. Visit www.rotary.org to learn more. Rotarys Commitment to Diversity One of Rotarys values is diversity, which we define as embracing diversity in thought, culture, and perspective. As such, we welcome and encourage highly- qualified candidates with diverse experiences and backgrounds to apply. General Overview The Business Analyst will be primarily responsible for creating business case documents, conduct JAD analysis and translate the findings into user stories for development of new products at Rotary. Additionally, the Business Analyst will have varying degrees of responsibility for managing the delivery of technology development and testing, acting as the Scrum Master within Rotary International. The Business Analyst will join a cross-functional team of diverse staff at Rotary world headquarters, working with IT staff, assorted project delivery staff, business intelligence analysts and a team of remote developers and testers in our India office. Profile for Success A positive outcome for this position is the accurate and timely elicitation of business requirements into groomed and estimated stories and the efficient delivery of the development and testing efforts to realize those stories. Relevance to Mission This position exists to ensure that technical product and project visions in support of Secretariat and Rotarian objectives are captured and delivered efficiently and effectively. Efficacy and Autonomy The candidate in this position must be able to work independently, setting goals and deadlines to achieve the necessary goals of the position. With minimal direction, the business analyst must be able to identify and schedule necessary next steps to capture business requirements and ensure the timely delivery of technology efforts. Career Path Opportunities This position reports to and under the management of the Manager, Business Analysis and IT Delivery. Career progression opportunities are mapped out on the career chart. Required Competencies Communication (written and verbal) Decision Making Interpersonal Effectiveness Productivity Self-Management Service Orientation Professional Development Knowledge, Skills, Attitudes, and Experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience. Five or more years of progressive related work experience. Experience in running large JAD sessions with cross functional business groups. Articulating a business idea and survey results into achievable technical/functional requirements. Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Worked in a project from inception of the idea to the delivery of the product. Agile development practices User story grooming and estimating. Break down the high-level business requirements in to functional and non-functional requirements with appropriate level of detail. Represent requirements using alternative views, such as prototypes or wireframes where necessary. Consistently demonstrate these characteristics: Rotarian focused, proactive, organized, time management, work well under pressure, multi- task. Familiarity working with offshore teams Ability to work independently and perform multiple concurrent and diversified tasks effectively. Strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong team player, self-motivated and detailed oriented individual. Strong problem-solving skills. Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite Specific Tasks and Duties Planning Business Analysis IT Delivery Communication Vendor Management Mentoring Training Work Environment This position works from Rotary International World Headquarters in Evanston, IL, and involves minor travel to international offices as needed.