We are searching for gifted Full Stack PHP developer to join our engineering team. This position requires a developer with the skills and experience in building modern web applications using the latest back-end and front-end technologies. You must write clean, reusable code with strong emphasis on stability and performance. You must be organized and self focused, delivering on time and according to requirements. Team The Wondersauce dev team spans three offices, New York, Columbus, and Los Angeles, and is comprised of a range of talent focusing on both backend and front-end development. Developers are involved on projects from day 1, collaborating with all disciplines and contributing to the overall success of a project, working closely with strategy, UX and design to come up with the best solutions for the problems at hand. Skills & Requirements Excellent knowledge in Object Oriented PHP (2+ years of professional experience, not including internship and school projects, is a must). Version control experience required Strong knowledge of Javascript, HTML, CSS and related tools/packages (2+ years experience) Strong knowledge of relational databases, i.e. MySQL (2+ years experience) Problem solver and go getter Write clean, readable code and tests About Us Wondersauce is the new breed of advertising agency. We started the agency with the goal of creating a company truly centered on human behavior. Wondersauce is focused on the complete customer journey and helping our clients understand the most relevant ways to reach their audience. Whether it’s digital, traditional, social, mobile, campaigns, marketing, point of sale, video, etc – we specialize in understanding your business and recommending the most responsible and cost-effective ways to achieve your goals. Wondersauce is a proud member of the “Made in New York” initiative (http://wearemadeinny.com/) and the Society of Digital Agencies (http://sodaspeaks.com/). Our work has been recognized by Time Magazine, The Webby's, SiteInspire and AWWWARDS. Equal Opportunity Statement Wondersauce aims to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to promoting equal opportunities regardless of religious belief, age, color, race, creed, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, political affiliation, ethnic origin, family status or disability (subject to the exceptions contained in the Human Rights Act 1993). The commitment applies to all aspects of the work environment, all employment activities, resource allocation and all employment terms and conditions. Selection criteria and procedures aim to ensure that employees are selected, promoted and treated on the basis of their relevant merits and abilities.