The Temple Cognition & Learning Lab is hiring one full-time Research Assistant to start work by October 1, 2018. This position presents diverse opportunities to participate in cutting-edge developmental psychology research, and is part of a research project funded by the James S McDonnell Foundation, “Developing Mathematical Skills and Motivation.” This project will investigate the inter- relations between spatial and numerical thinking in childhood, how parent interactions influence the development of these cognitive skills, and how cognitive and motivational factors work together to influence children’s trajectories in STEM. The Research Assistant will assist with multiple aspects of the research process, including stimulus design and creation, recruiting, scheduling, data collection, coding, analysis, grant administration, and training and supervising undergraduate researchers. The Research Assistant will present findings at collaborative lab meetings. In addition, the Research Assistant will organize and participate in outreach activities. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Psychology, Human Development, Neuroscience, Education or a related field and at least 6 months experience that includes related research, working with preschool or elementary-school-age children as a researcher or teacher, monitoring the work of others, and using statistical software, such as SPSS, to complete quantitative and qualitative data analyses . An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Required Skills & Abilities: Demonstrated computer skills and proficiency with MS Office suite or similar spreadsheet, database, word processing, and presentation software. Demonstrated interpersonal, communication and collaborative skills. Strong project management, organizational, and planning skills. Comfortable giving presentations to small groups. Ability to travel to off-site locations that may not be accessible by public transportation. Ability to work early mornings, evenings, and weekends to administer study protocols as necessary. Preferred: Experience with computer programming is preferred (e.g., JavaScript, Python, C++, Ruby). This is a grant funded position. This position requires a background check. Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.