Adobe is looking for an HR Generalist to lead the Americas Employee Resource Center (ERC) Generalists team as part of the broader Global Employee Solutions (GES) HR shared services organization. The ERC team is the initial point of contact for all Employee and Manager (Director Level and below) inquiries. This team is responsible for providing generalist support intended to improve manager and employee success by addressing inquiries related to HR policies, procedures and programs, identifying and clarifying issues through inquiry, evaluating potential solutions, implementing selected solutions, or escalating to an Employee Relations Consultant if the solution requires on-going interaction or specialized coaching. It is expected that this team will be able to provide resolution for the vast majority of inquires that come through the ERC organization. The role requires a proactive approach in anticipating Employee Experience related needs and a solutions-oriented mindset to resolving issues. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Effective communication skills at all levels, including written and oral communications Demonstrates foundational problem solving and triaging capabilities of moderately complex cases (i.e. compensation guidance, career coaching) Displays highest commitment to customer service \- Ability to complete work within constant deadlines/time constraints/SLA environment \- Ability to work autonomously and independently, while contributing to key initiatives Ability to apply judgment and identify need and appropriate part for escalation Contributes and drives team projects and initiatives \- Ability to learn tools and various technology platforms At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.