About Berkeley The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world’s most iconic teaching and research institutions. Since 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world. Berkeley’s culture of openness, freedom and acceptance—academic and artistic, political and cultural—make it a very special place for students, faculty and staff. Berkeley is committed to hiring and developing staff who want to work in a high performing culture that supports the outstanding work of our faculty and students. In deciding whether to apply for a staff position at Berkeley, candidates are strongly encouraged to consider the alignment of the Berkeley Workplace Culture with their potential for success at http://jobs.berkeley.edu/why-berkeley.html. Application Review Date The First Review Date for this job is: July 31, 2018. Position will remain open until filled. Departmental Overview The Brenner research group is an interdisciplinary research group, at the University of California, Berkeley, one of the world's premiere research universities. Our research has implications for diseases from cancer to Crohn's Disease, and the future of personalized medicine. We have a dozen members ranging from undergraduates to senior researchers and the research group provides a dynamic, occasionally demanding, flexible, and supportive work environment. We are associated with the Department of Plant and Microbial Biology, the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology, the Department of Bioengineering, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, and the University of California, San Francisco. Responsibilities Develop, maintain, and enhance research laboratory resources for scientific computing and technology. Install, modify, enhance, debug, test, and support critical laboratory server systems such as; file, mail and web servers, including maintaining virtual servers, and keeping systems current and secure. Provide all support for laboratory desktop and mobile systems, including installing, modifying, troubleshooting, testing, and updating software to be current and secure, and provide individual support for members in the use of laboratory systems. Configure, manage, and update laboratory data & voice networking, including maintaining campus-authorized private network, installation and maintenance of secure firewalls, VPNs and connections to campus systems and remote sites, and maintain security policy, including acting as research group security officer. Develop, maintain, and enhance laboratory databases and data servers and archival and backup systems. Install, configure, and maintain other laboratory information-related systems including printers, scanners and teleconferencing system. Ensure compatibility between all components. Systems Administrator and Technology Specialist (7558U) Facilitate and ensure effectiveness of offsite technology needs and travel activities. Oversee general laboratory infrastructure and renovations. Analyze and manage information about system status and needed actions. Analyze laboratory hardware and software needs and propose purchases of complex new laboratory hardware and software systems. May recommend changes in development, maintenance and system standards. Analyze system administration problems to be solved with automated systems. Recommend, advise, and negotiate technology purchasing. Coordinate lab technology needs with campus organizations, collaborators, and offsite partners. Required Qualifications Capable and interested in learning professional IT concepts to solve problems. Has limited knowledge of applications programming technologies, tools and protocols. Has skills necessary to communicate effectively both in writing and verbally. Background check required. Knowledge of UNIX system administration and file system archival concepts. Knowledge of Windows and Macintosh systems. Ability to on a limited scale read, write, and modify software in scripting languages (e.g., Perl). Service-oriented mindset to support computational genomics research group. Education/Training: Bachelors degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training Preferred Qualifications Ideal candidate will have experience and/or interest in computational genomics. Ideal candidate will have experience with scientific programming, especially in the areas of genomics and, compute clusters. Ideal candidate will possess facility with several of Perl, C, C++, Java, Python, Apache, PHP, HTML, XML, CIF, ASN.1, SQL, BLAST, TCP/IP, NFS, Samba, and NIS. This position offers considerable opportunity for development of new skills in scientific software development, management, systems, administration, and bioinformatics & computational genomics. Salary & Benefits Hourly Salary Range: $21.17 - $28.74 For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: http://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html How to Apply Please submit your cover letter and resume as a single attachment when applying. Conviction History Background This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct