Cognizant is hiring for "Network & Security Admin"- Sunnyvale,CA. Interested candidates who are willing to relocate within the USA can apply. Relocation assistance will be provided Note:“Cognizant will not sponsor H-1B or other U.S. work authorization, or lawful permanent residence (otherwise known as a “Green Card”) for this role.” Job Description - Responsibilities : Design and develop runbook automation for data center services. Design and develop automated work flows to provision and deprovision virtual machines in datacenter with Ovirt/Nutanix hypervisors Design and develop automated work flows for managing access control list (acls) for ASA firewall. Develop the required perl modules to leverage the capabilities to the work flow. Develop the automate work flow to check the health an status of network devices like WLC, routers and firewalls. Gather requirements from the application teams and understand their requirements and provide an automation solution for failover activity. Architect the automation flow designs. Coordinate and track the efforts of offshore team. Contribute to the best practices. Maintain the HP OO (HP Operation and orchestration) centrals on all the environments , lab, dev, test, qa and production environment. Coordinate with the testing team/QA team for testing automated work flows. Explaining the automation capabilities and limitations the users. Work with middleware/third party teams like Autosys, F5 and webloigc to understand their process and to develop automated flow for failover activity. Test the developed flows and participate the code reviews. Create the runbooks with details of the procedures to initiate the automate flows. Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Job Location : Sunnyvale, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 08 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.