This position is responsible for supporting and implementing all instances of MS SQL and their respective Operating Systems, new implementations, upgrades to reporting per specification, and general application changes including their rollouts to production. The successful candidate will possess a professional expertise in gathering application specifications from a variety of sources and successfully applying them to a production environment. This is a great opportunity for a visionary SQL database administrator who enjoys variety in day to day activities and a good mix of application development and team interaction. Duties and Responsibilities: The following reflects management’s definition of essential functions for this job but does not restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Management may assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons. Enhance and modify SQL 2008 and 2012 production database tables, views, stored procedures and DTS and SSIS packages. Convey application enhancement requests to programmer(s) and facilitate scheduled updates to production environments. Support all departments with requests related to SQL database, such as ad-hoc reports, new database deployments, etc. Maintains and monitors client data import/export processes. Develop new and improve existing stored procedures, Data Transformation Services, SSIS and MS SQL Server databases. Create and implement physical and logical designs for SQL Databases. Deploy and configure Microsoft Operating systems. Design and configure storage subsystems for SQL Databases. Maintain and plan for outages for all MS Windows Servers hosting SQL Databases. Maintain and develop scripts in MS Visual Basic. Support and develop multiple SQL Server Databases and data replication subsystems. Maintain and monitor all redundancy and disaster recovery configurations for SQL systems including but not limited to data replication. Collaborate with application developers to support the development process. Ensure all developed SQL Server components function flawlessly in a production environment with stringent uptime standards. Each week review top 10 most resource-intensive queries and suggest ways to improve them. Implement, maintain and respond to critical job notifications on failure. Identify and troubleshoot issues and tune all SQL databases for maximum performance. Create and maintain up-to-date documentation of all SQL environments and processes associated with the database. Keep track of usage trends of server and database resources on monthly basis for capacity planning and performance purposes. Participate in an on-call rotation for Infrastructure support Skills and Qualifications: Minimum 5 years experience with MS SQL Server Standard and Enterprise 2008 and SQL 2012. In-depth understanding and experience with Data Transformation Services and SSIS packages. Proven experience deploying production quality MS SQL database, stored procedures, DTS and SSIS packages. Experience supporting a 24/7 high availability environments. Experience with backup strategies, clustering, high-availability, database storage design and replication solutions a must. 5+ years of related experience, including functional requirements gathering and project planning. Previous SQL 2008 and 2012 database design, administration and development experience required. Strong T-SQL background for development of views, stored procedures and UDFs. Previous MS Access development experiences a plus. Hands-on experience with MySQL a plus. Understanding of ADO, DAO a plus. Hands on experience with installation, configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of Microsoft Operating systems: Windows Server 2003, 2008; and familiarity with Windows Server 2012 is a plus. Understanding of storage subsystem considerations and configuration in relation to SQL Databases physical and logical architecture. Microsoft Power BI Experience. High level of enthusiasm for building and maintaining the business through the use of technology. Personal sense of urgency and proven business acumen. Open to new tasks and challenges. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Education Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree required; preferably in Information Sciences or Computer Science. Physical Requirements: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to do the following: Sit for prolonged periods. Coordinate multiple tasks simultaneously. Accurately complete detailed forms and reports. Travel may be required but limited. Work Enviorment: Office work environment The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.