Apply Immediately. This recruitment will close after 75 qualified applications have been received or by 5 P.M. on August 17, 2018, whichever comes first. Employment Lists shall remain in effect for one year, unless terminated or exhausted. The Employment List generated from this recruitment may be utilized to fill future vacancies while the List remains active. The City is seeking to hire an entry-level Plant Operator. This is a progressive classification, primarily responsible for ensuring the safe and efficient operation of the Water Pollution Control Plant. If hired as an entry-level Operator, the candidate will receive on-the-job training, and then be expected to perform the daily operational and repair tasks at the City's wastewater treatment facility. The wastewater treatment facility operates twenty-four hours per day, which requires the candidate to work varying shifts, weekends and holidays. The three levels within this classification are responsible for performing specialized activities which ensure the safe and efficient operation of the Water Pollution Control Plant, the joint use wastewater disposal facilities, which includes the East Bay Dischargers Authority Dechlorination Station and, on a non-routine basis, wastewater lift stations. Specialized activities involve plant operation, inspections, execution of proper emergency action steps when necessary and the performance of related work as required. _Distinguishing Characteristics_ _:_ Operator-In-Training collects samples, performs standardized testing, and performs various routine operational duties in order to gain the experience necessary to become a certified wastewater treatment plant operator. This is the trainee level in the Plant Operator series for employees who do not possess Wastewater Plant Operator Certification. Incumbents in this classification receive on-the-job training and experience in the operation of a wastewater treatment plant in order to meet the certification requirements for the Plant Operator I level. Upon possession of a Grade I Wastewater Operator Certificate and recommendation of the Plant Manager, incumbent may be appointed as a probationary Plant Operator I. Plant Operator I performs routine operational inspections and preventative or corrective maintenance tasks; assists in the training of Operator-In- Training (OIT) level operators. The Operator I level is distinguished from Operator-In-Training by the higher level of complexity of the work and ability to perform the full range of plant operator duties and tasks. Assignment to Operator I level is made from OIT level incumbents who have one year of wastewater treatment experience and possess a Grade I Wastewater Operator Certificate, or from an open competitive recruitment. OIT level incumbents who fail the Operator I probationary period will not be eligible to return to the OIT level. Plant Operator II performs variety of skilled work in the operation of all equipment in the wastewater treatment plant; provides training to lower level Operators; supervises daily operation of the plant periodically in absence of Lead Operator. This is an advanced journey level class in the Plant Operator series and requires a Grade III certificate issued by the State Water Resources Control Board. Operator II is distinguished from Operator I by the degree of technical expertise required in performing the more complex work. Assignment to a probationary Plant Operator II is made from Plant Operator I incumbents who have successfully completed an in-house competency evaluation and associated promotional requirements, or from an open competitive recruitment. _Supervision Exercised and Received_ _:_ Plant Operator-In-Training exercises no supervision. Receives direct supervision from higher level operations staff. Plant Operator I provides lead direction to lower level staff on assigned projects. Receives general supervision from a section supervisor and may receive lead direction from higher level staff. Plant Operator II provides lead direction to lower level staff. Receives limited supervision from a section supervisor and may receive lead direction from higher level staff. Duties and Responsibilities: _Essential Functions:_ The essential functions of the classification may include, but are not limited to, the functions below and are subject to changes in operational necessity. Plant Operator-In-Training Receives on-the job training from higher level staff; Collects samples, performs standardized tests and logs meter readings; Makes simple mechanical adjustments; Loads, unloads and transfers materials, supplies, equipment, sodium hypochlorite and other hazardous chemicals; Follows all safety rules and protocols included in the Injury and Illness Prevention Program; takes appropriate action as required to identify and correct safety hazards and report safety concerns to his/her supervisor; Performs required duties under the City's disaster response plan; Performs routine maintenance such as cleaning component parts of equipment; Makes mechanical repairs, paints machinery and equipment and assists with landscape maintenance; Evaluates problems and takes corrective actions; and Assists during emergencies and natural disasters. Plant Operator I Conducts routine inspections which include: checking influent and effluent characteristics and associated equipment, digesters, diversion boxes, monitoring and control components, seals, valves, lubrication systems, pumps air compressors, blowers, motors, safety equipment, chlorination equipment, chargers, chemical feed systems, plant security systems, water reclamation plant, wet wells, drying beds and various plant process equipment; Assesses trouble situations and takes effective corrective actions to avert serious consequences; Takes critical steps in cases of natural disaster to ensure spill containment of wastewater at the plant and lift stations, chemical leaks at the facility and sodium bisulfite leaks at the East Bay Discharge Authority Dechlorination Stations; Adjusts pumps, valves, and controls necessary to maintain proper flow and treatment of plant systems; ensures quality control in sample collections; Follows all safety rules and protocols included in the Injury and Illness Prevention Program; takes appropriate action as required to identify and correct safety hazards and report safety concerns to his/her supervisor; Performs required duties under the City's disaster response plan; Performs preventative maintenance mechanical repair and repacking pumps; Trains and works with Plant Operators-In-Training (OITs); Maintains computerized logs and information to provide documentation for compliance with federal, state and local regulations; and Performs essential functions included within Plant Operator-In-Training classification specification as required. Plant Operator II Assists in training and technical supervision of less experienced operators, ensures the safe, efficient and effective operation of the plant, lift stations and East Bay Discharge Authority Dechlorination Station; Ensures compliance with regulatory guidelines and acts in a responsible manner to meet facility goals and objectives; Conducts routine inspections; makes adjustments to controls, valves, pumps and plant systems as needed to maintain proper treatment; Collects samples; evaluates problems areas and takes corrective actions; Follows all safety rules and protocols included in the Injury and Illness Prevention Program; takes appropriate action as required to identify and correct safety hazards and report safety concerns to his/her supervisor; Performs required duties under the City's disaster response plan; Takes responsible action in emergency situations; Performs preventative and corrective maintenance tasks; Interacts with representatives from other facilities, regulatory agencies and the public; Maintains computerized logs of work order status, operational adjustments and equipment run times, as proof of compliance with federal, state and local regulations; Calculates MCRT, F/M, loading rates, and other related operational controls; and Performs essential functions included within Plant Operator I classification specification as required. _Non-essential Functions_ _:_ Performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications: _Minimum Qualifications_ _Knowledge of_ _:_ Plant Operator-In-Training Basic electro-mechanical systems, proper use of common hand tools; Safe work practices around machinery, electricity and chemicals; and Piping and pumping systems and some background in chemistry and biology. Plant Operator I The operation, maintenance, and repair of a variety of pumping machinery and equipment; common laboratory techniques, equipment and apparatus; Basic principles of chemistry and bacteriology; Principles and practice of safe work procedures; and Principles and methods of wastewater treatment. Plant Operator II Wastewater treatment processes, parameters and control strategies; Strong understanding of inter-relationship between mechanical, electrical, chemical and biological components and processes; Automated equipment and controls as applied to treatment plant operation; and Good working knowledge of preventative and corrective maintenance procedures regarding plant equipment, which includes pumps, valves, motors and compressors. _Ability to_ _:_ Plant Operator-In-Training Effectively apply the knowledge and skills necessary for this position; Keep proper records; do basic mathematical calculations; Learn the division policies, procedures, permit provisions; provide continuous improvement in the areas of assigned responsibility; Read labels and Hazardous Materials Safety Data Sheets for chemicals and other written materials; Apply basic knowledge and training to specific job tasks and establish and maintain effective working relationship with co-workers; and Maintain a face seal and meet requirements for use of respiratory protection. Plant Operator I Perform routine biological and chemical analysis of samples; Keep records and data related to actual or potential process performance; Troubleshoot operational problems with plant processes and equipment; Read labels and Hazardous Materials Safety Data Sheets for chemicals and other written materials; Perform all plant operations without direct supervision; Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing, and train employees; Operate and maintain various treatment systems, including digesters activated sludge systems, pumping stations and bio-filter units; Establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers; and Perform the duties of a Plant Operator-In-Training. Plant Operator II Read and interpret process and equipment technical manuals, drawings and diagrams; Act as crew leader when required; Respond to emergencies; Read meters and gauges correctly and act quickly and competently; Plan and coordinate process shutdowns and start-up; Perform all plant operations without direct supervision; Restore plant to normal operations after unscheduled interruption such as loss of power; Establish, maintain, and foster positive and harmonious working relationships with those contacted in the course of work; and Perform the duties of a Plant Operator I. _Experience and Education Guidelines:_ __ Any combination equivalent to experience and education that would most likely provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to obtain the knowledge and abilities would be: Plant Operator-In-Training _Education:_ High school diploma or certified equivalent (GED). _Experience:_ Six months of experience in the operation, maintenance and handling of mechanical equipment and/or tools, industrial waste monitoring, or conducting laboratory analysis. Plant Operator I _Education:_ High school diploma or certified equivalent (GED). _Experience:_ One year of recent work experience in the operation of wastewater treatment plant. Plant Operator II _Education:_ High school diploma or certified equivalent (GED); technical training in wastewater treatment or a closely-related field or courses including water treatment, chemistry, biology or a closely-related field. _Experience:_ Two years of work experience in wastewater treatment at the San Leandro Water Pollution Control Plant or at a plant of similar size and processes. _Licenses/certifications/other requirements_ _:_ Must be willing to work such hours as are necessary to accomplish the job requirements; travel to attend meetings, seminars and conferences; and perform field work. Classification requires the possession and continued maintenance of a valid class "C" California driver's license for operating a motor vehicle. Possession by the end of probationary period and maintenance of CPR and First Aid certification. Plant Operator-In-Training Possession by the end of probationary period and maintenance of a Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Grade I certificate. Plant Operator I Possession by the date of hire and maintenance of a Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Grade I certificate. Plant Operator II Possession by the date of hire and maintenance of a Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Grade III certificate. _Conditions of Work_ _:_ During the course of performing the functions of this position, the employee may encounter the following conditions: Working indoors, working outdoors, heights, moving machinery, temperature changes, dust, fumes/smoke/gasses, chemicals, noise, electrical energy, computer monitor use, solvents, grease, oil, vibration, open flames, explosives, eye hazards, electricity and water, bacteria and viruses, working alone or with other individuals. Additional Information: _Salary and Benefits:_ The current monthly salary range for Plant Operator-In-Training $5,194.00-$6,313.00, Plant Operator I $5,726.00-$6,960.00, Plant Operator II $6,467.00-$7,860.00. Employment may begin at any step of the range, depending upon the qualifications of the person selected. For benefit information, please refer to the Human Resources tab on the City of San Leandro website www.sanleandro.org. This position is represented by the San Leandro City Employees' Association, Local 21 IFPTE, AFL-CIO. _Application and Selection Process:_ Apply online by scrolling to the top of the job posting and clicking on the "Apply" link. Completed applications must be on file with the Human Resources Division by Friday, August 17, 2018 at 5:00 p.m., or when 75 qualified applications have been received, whichever comes first. Important: Applications with "See Resume" as a substitution for the work experience description and/or unclear past employment information will not be considered. The application for employment and supplemental questionnaire must be submitted to be considered for this position. Based on a review of the applications, a limited number of the best qualified applicants will be invited to participate in the selection process, which may include a qualifying written examination, structured oral board interview, written exercise, or other elements determined by the City to be appropriate. All applicants invited to the examination(s) will be notified of date, time, and place of examination(s). The selection process will consist of the following schedule: _August 27, 2018 - Structured Oral Interview and/or practical exercise (weighted 100%)._ Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher to be placed on the Eligible List. This date is tentative but it is highly recommended that you plan your calendar accordingly. No make-up dates will be offered. Departmental Interview dates are to be determined. The selected candidate will be subjected to a background investigation which may include, but is not limited to, a personal and employment history assessment, criminal history check, financial background check, medical, polygraph, psychological testing, and verification of a valid California driver's license. In accordance with Federal law, the City of San Leandro will hire only those individuals who are legally authorized to work in the United States. As a condition of employment, you will be required to present proof of your identity and employment eligibility. A one-year probationary period which is an integral part of the selection process is used to observe and evaluate the employee's ability to effectively and responsibly perform the duties of the position. _Americans with Disabilities Act:_ In accordance with the Federal Americans with Disabilities Act, the Human Resources Division will make reasonable efforts in the examination process to accommodate persons with disabilities. Please advise the Human Resources Division prior to 5:00 p.m. of the final filing deadline if accommodations are required. Medical documentation must be provided upon request. _Disaster Service Worker:_ All government employees are disaster service workers as defined by California Government Code Section 3100. In addition to everyday duties, employees have the added responsibility of helping throughout any disaster. _Mission Statement:_ We, the employees of the City of San Leandro are dedicated and committed to serving the citizens of this community. We strive at all times to achieve the highest professional standards, to communicate a vision of the future, and to enhance the quality of life for every citizen. _Retirement:_ The City of San Leandro contracts with the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS). _Veteran's Preference:_ If applying for first-time employment with the City of San Leandro within five years of separation from full-time active service, veteran's preference points will be given to honorably discharged veterans who served a minimum of three consecutive years of full-time, active service in the Armed Forces of the United States. Candidates must receive an overall passing score in order to qualify for the application of veteran's preference, which will result in a three percent increment to that passing score. Applicants wishing to qualify must, prior to the application deadline, attach or provide a DD Form 214 as proof of eligibility for the veteran's preference. The City of San Leandro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Information contained herein is subject to change without notice.