At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people’s lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation’s history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they’re making history. Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems designs, builds and delivers space, defense and aviation-related systems to customers around the world. Our main products include launch vehicles and related propulsion systems; missile products, subsystems and defense electronics; precision weapons, armament systems and ammunition; satellites and associated space components and services; and advanced aerospace structures. Job Summary Implement mission/flight assurance plans for individual spacecraft flight hardware programs addressing design, manufacturing, integration, and test activities in accordance with company and contractual requirements. Works as a member of an integrated product team with Safety & Mission Assurance staff in various groups to address technical issues, meet program requirements and ensure mission success. Interface with customers, vendors, and with Manufacturing, Integration & Test and Engineering organizations to identify and resolve mission/flight assurance issues. Provide support to program Flight Assurance Manager in review of various activities. Job Responsibilities Participates in core quality improvement projects to build compliant and cost effective processes with sustainable improvements. Implements quality plans for hardware and software addressing design, manufacturing, integration and test activities in accordance with company and contractual requirements. Reviews and approves internal manufacturing and test documentation against internal guidelines/standards. Assure failures that occur are adequately analyzed, appropriate root cause determination is made, and appropriate corrective/preventive action is taken, to include supplier failures as required by contract. Review nonconformance reports and provides support in developing Root Cause / Corrective Action plans through detailed analysis. Collect and analyze data for Program and Mission Assurance reviews. Understand Risk Management activities (dFMEA, pFMEA). Understand program unique and division requirements are flowed down internally and to suppliers, ensures compliance with contract program, quality and organizational requirements. Education and Experience Requires BS in Engineering & 2 years or Masters Degree in Engineering. Other Requirements Able to read engineering documentation and inspect drawings and parts lists, inspection plans, and supplemental instructions. Knowledge base in Cause Analysis tools, such as Ishikawa and fault tree. Ability to understand AS/ISO/ CMMI requirements Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.