Company: FedEx Services Job Title: Marketing Specialist - All Levels Job Requisition Number: RC69176 Category: Marketing Locations: Memphis, Tennessee 38125 United States Plano, Texas 75024 United States Collierville, Tennessee 38017 United States MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING POSITIONS FedEx Services is seeking qualified applicants for Marketing Specialist positions at all levels within the Marketing division. These positions include Marketing Specialists, Sr Marketing Specialists and/or Marketing Specialist Advisors. Your application to this posting may potentially be considered for multiple positions and sent to multiple hiring managers for review and consideration. Position Information: NOTICE: Open positions will report to multiple Hiring Managers with open positions. Applicants will be notified by each Hiring Manager/Department if selected to move further in the process. Duties for these roles include, but are not limited to planning, developing, implementing and evaluating effective marketing efforts including strategy development, use of determined content, creative execution, research, writing, editing and validation. Strategy, Innovation and Product Development Marketing Corporate Strategy Development Market Research Corporate Project Management Innovation Customer Engagement Marketing Customer Life-Cycle Marketing Digital Marketing Go-to-Market and Content Strategy Retail Marketing Retail Promotions Print and Product Marketing Retail Strategy Digital Access Marketing Mobile Application Marketing Digital User Experience Marketing Retail Access Marketing Global Access Marketing Brand Experience Marketing Global Brand Management Advertising Sponsorship Global Solutions and Market Development E-commerce Strategy & Solutions Aerospace, Healthcare and Sensor-based Logistics Marketing Supply Chain Marketing Global Parcel Marketing International and Domestic Product Management Freight Marketing Global Market Development Marketing Skills / Knowledge Considered a Plus: Project and product management experience Agile-SAFE and/or Waterfall experience Understanding of infrastructure platforms and products Experience with digital touch-points (online, mobile, social, display advertising, paid search, SEO, email) User-centered design experience (UI, UX, Human Factors) Experience managing digital marketing technology or other customer technology platforms (CRM) Adobe and Salesforce technologies experience Experience managing technology vendor relationships Experience with international shipping tools (online, mobile, software), international logistics and customs/regulatory rules Experience in content management design, architecture and/or implementation. Experience with the use of website analytic tools (e.g. Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Web-trends, Adobe Marketing Cloud) and standard website measurement terminology Retail industry experience Strong knowledge of print industry trends and technologies, vertical customer segment solutions and marketing practices Transportation industry experience Brand, advertising and/or marketing communications experience Experience in developing and implementing multi-channel marketing campaigns across paid media channels such as digital, video, search, mobile and social channels. Domicile / Relocation Information: These positions may be located in Memphis, Tennessee and/or Dallas, Texas. Relocation assistance may be available. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree/equivalent in a Marketing or related discipline. _Position level commensurate with experience._ Application Instructions: Please upload current copy of resume and answer job screening questionnaire in order to be considered for these openings. Applicants will be considered on a rolling basis as positions become available. Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer. Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years: FORTUNE “World’s Most Admired Companies” – 2016 Corporate Responsibility Magazine “100 Best Corporate Citizens” – 2016 InformationWeek “Elite 100” – 2016 Women’s Business Enterprise National Council “America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises” - 2016 Reputation Institute “World’s Most Reputable Companies” – 2015 Black Enterprise “40 Best Companies For Diversity” – 2015 When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself. EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.