Are you passionate about using data to tackle business challenges? Do you have experience in data analysis and applied statistics? Are you looking for an opportunity to address interesting business questions in the life sciences and grow your skillset by working on a collaborative team? You might be the person we are looking for. Our enterprise-wide data science and data strategy team is looking for a data scientist with experience in advanced analytics and a real passion for addressing business needs through data analysis and visualization. As an individual contributor on this team, you will work to address high-impact research and business questions across research and development, clinical, commercial, and general and administrative areas of our business. You’ll work side-by-side with internal partners from across the organization to develop creative solutions for our highest priority business needs. Responsibilities include: Work with a team of data scientists and cross functional partners to collaboratively develop solutions Serve as a subject matter expert for advanced analytics; build and deliver compelling data visualizations and outputs to communicate findings Execute data analysis, data mining, data munging, and other techniques to solve business questions Apply advanced analytics and statistical approaches to projects Mentor and support the training of technical and non-technical teams in data science and advanced analytics Participate in the broader data science community to stay current with methodology, software, and data development and availability Bring an entrepreneurial mindset, openness, transparency, and collegiality to your work Minimum Qualifications Ability to collaborate and work closely with a team of technical and non- technical individual contributors Expertise in programming languages such as R, Python, JavaScript and other data science-related tools (e.g. SQL, Tableau, D3) PhD or Master’s Degree in a computational and quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, computer science, biomedical informatics, genetics, neuroscience, physics, epidemiology, health economics, etc) Deep understanding of statistical/analytical methodology Experience in advanced analytics, preferably in a business setting Exceptional communication skills and experience in presenting findings to non- technical audiences Experience in effective data visualization approaches and a keen eye for detail in the visual communication of findings Comfort working with non-technical individuals to translate business questions to analytically actionable questions A strong desire to build meaningful solutions for a life sciences business Task oriented with ability to set goals and complete deliverables Preferred qualifications: Domain knowledge of clinical data, real-world data, or life sciences-related research data Knowledge of the biotechnology industry We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. LI-KF1