Opportunity at a Glance As the Senior Engineer – Automation & AI, you will join a fast-growing team supporting the design, development, and maintenance of automated infrastructure deployment solutions in multiple compute environments. You will utilize your skills in design, blueprint, architecture, and development of new automation solutions and product offerings for infrastructure services. You will design and document road maps and assist in the maintenance of enterprise applications. Responsibilities Participate in the design, architecture and deployment of automation solutions in the areas of infrastructure and knowledge-based integrations such as virtual assistants and chatbots. Facilitate emerging artificial intelligence business capabilities…. Support AI Apply foundational application programming concepts to designs. Evaluate highly complex programs for a functional business area. Provide analysis for highly complex existing program Formulate logic for new systems, devise logic procedures, prepare flowcharting, perform coding, data analysis, and test/debug programs. Perform data modeling, performance and integration testing, and build screens. Develop conversion and system implementation plans, with complex test plans. Initiate and recommends changes in development, maintenance and system standards. Train users in conversion and implementation of system Document consistently and accurately on all application projects. All technical documentation (new development and maintenance) should be complete, understandable and accessible. Communicate and maintain a productive working relationship with user base of product/service line as well as all appropriate parties to an assignment, both internal and external to IT. Report appropriate and correct status to project leadership, manager and Director. Improve knowledge in new technologies in order to use them in approved projects; participate on special projects as assigned. Completes other projects and duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience required. Minimum 5 to 7 years of experience with various operating environments, toolsets, and methodologies. Knowledge of iterative development Agile/SCRUM. Experience with AWS, lex, ELK stack, ansible Proven abilities in design, architecture, development, and implementation Fundamental skills include listening, analysis, creative thinking, attention to detail, effective communication, and dealing directly with major department managers. Knowledge of object oriented programming language (Java, C, C++, etc.). Knowledge of JavaScript, Python, or other scripting languages and development tools, Knowledge of iterative development experience with Agile/SCRUM preferred. Experience with automation concepts and tools such as Chef, Puppet, SaltStack, Fabric (or similar products) for O/S builds, software installation and configuration, or system updates/patches Understanding of DevOps concepts such as Infrastructure as Code Knowledge relating to the design, development and integration of SOA solutions. Self-starter possessing an engineering mindset, capable of troubleshooting complex problems. Possess strong customer service skills Interpersonal skills in order to work with both technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization. Ability to communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner. Requires ability to understand business needs and how business systems can support those needs. Must be self-motivated, work independently or as part of a team, able to learn quickly, meet deadlines and demonstrate problem solving skills. We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Thank you for applying for this outstanding opportunity today. Who We Are The purpose of Adtalem Global Education is to empower students to achieve their goals, find success, and make inspiring contributions to our global community. Adtalem Global Education Inc. (NYSE: ATGE; member S&P MidCap 400 Index) is a leading global education provider and the parent organization of Adtalem Educacional do Brasil, American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine, Becker Professional Education, Carrington College, Chamberlain University, DeVry University and its Keller Graduate School of Management, Ross University School of Medicine and Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine. For more information, please visit adtalem.com.