Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant Why Alliant? We’re not a typical financial institution – we’re better. We’re an innovative, fun-loving, highly-engaged group of professionals that are committed to our company and the communities we do business in. We love to recognize and celebrate each other. Over 90% of our employees say we are a great workplace that is focused on our mission, vision and the future of banking. What will your day look like? The Data Scientist provides balanced analytical research and strategies to drive insight to action. The incumbent will work closely with one or several lines of business leadership teams supporting their analytical needs. Responsibilities include performing a wide variety of complex analytical and statistical studies to address and solve research questions and business problems. In addition, the incumbent will conduct advanced analyses, leveraging such techniques as optimization, multivariate regression, longitudinal modeling, and probability theory. Responsibilities Do you see yourself doing this? Develop programming in R, SAS, SQL or similar analytical development tools Maintain knowledge in statistics, mathematics and/or comparable quantitative area of expertise Responsible for collaborating with analysts to facilitate the development and application of advanced analytic strategies and tactics Ascertain and apply strategies to identified business problems and existing organizational processes in order to provide leaders with insightful resources for decision-making and to increase sales, profit, market share, and achieve enterprise goals Establish parameters of ad hoc analyses by setting appropriate timeline and work quality guidelines Develop timely, innovative, and objective analysis which leads to fact-based solutions for strategic business issues Assist in the development of the problem definition and hypothesis formulation process as it relates to the specific business environment Conduct analyses, formulate insights, and summarize and synthesize findings for presentation to line of business management Maintain an understanding of general business trends and requirements for the major area of support, and understand the link between analysis and business impact Utilize R, SAS, SQL, Tableau or other analytical development tools with large data sets to design analyses and measure key metrics Support line of business analytical needs with dashboard/report development through Tableau and SAP BO Qualifications What makes you a great fit? You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a Graduate Degree in quantitative discipline such as mathematics, econometrics, statistics or data science required (Ph.D. preferred) with 4+ years of relevant experience in an analytical role with strong technical and business acumen, and you have: Experience with advanced regression analysis, probabilistic modeling, and/or machine learning / predictive analytics, including the ability to use tools like Python, and R, SAS Experience with business systems analysis or data analytics / business intelligence requirements gathering Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to simplify complex concepts and messages to the essential components and deliver effective messages to a wide range of audiences Strong desire to learn and continuously grow impact of the role Self-starter, well organized, extremely detail-oriented and a highly collaborative team member Experience writing specifications and/or user stories utilizing graphical UI concepts and process maps that are clear, concise and well organized Highly effective time and project management skills, including ability to coordinate development, testing and implementation Product Owner certification is a plus When you’re happy, we’re happy! As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from: Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits Competitive compensation plan Contributions towards gym memberships Generous PTO and banking holidays off Still not convinced? We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.