Position Summary Analyze global supply planning activities that can include raw material sourcing, supply chain planning, transportaton and or warehousing, packing and shipping for the Specialty Carbons business. Job Responsibilities Collect and analyze data reflecting supply chain activities - purchasing, demand and supply planning, manufacturing, warehousing, transportation and customer service. Participate and/or assist in larger studies and reviews. Conduct analyses to interpret and explain activities; identify trends and patterns. Conduct cost optimization, trend and cost/benefit analyses. Analyze possible solutions using standard procedures. Identify opportunities for cost savings. Perpare and deliver reports and information in writing regarding findings on trends, demands, constraininte and changing condiditions. May participate in benchmarking or other studies, as required. Support efforts to implement and maintain the Responsible Care Management System in line with the requirements of the RC14001 technical specifiation, as applicable to the site/region. Requirements Bachelor's/University degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Statistics or other related discipline. 3-5 years of prior analytical experience in a business field. General knowledge of financial analysis and model building techniques; economic analysis. General knowledge of specialized materials, purchasing techniques Excellent analytical skills to connect facts and see trends and opportunities Strong communication skills in order to interface with internal groups to exchange information. Ability to write reports and communicate information easily. Working knowlege of Excel required JDA/OBI preferred About the Company Founded in 1882, Cabot Corporation (NYSE: CBT) is a global specialty chemicals and performance materials company, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. The company is a leading provider of rubber and specialty carbons, activated carbon, inkjet colorants, cesium formate drilling fluids, fumed silica, aerogel and elastomer composites. EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled Cabot Corporation is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.