Job Description Post Date 08/09/2018 Close Date Category INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Grade 24 Location PHOENIX Salary 45,000.00-55,000.00 Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System Accountability, Community, Innovation, Leadership, Passion, Quality, Respect, Teamwork Business Analyst This position will remain open until filled. Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS), Arizona’s Medicaid Agency, is driven by the passion to deliver comprehensive and cost effective health care to Arizonans in need. AHCCCS is nationally acclaimed as a model for other Medicaid programs and recipient of multiple awards for excellence in workplace effectiveness and flexibility. All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. Visit our careers page to learn more about AHCCCS. Use your skills to benefit others; join the AHCCCS Team! JOB SUMMARY: The Information Services Division (ISD) is looking for a highly motivated individual to join our team as a Business Analyst. This position interacts, as directed by the project manager or project leader, with users, peers, and other technical staff as needed during the requirements analysis, design, development, test review, and implementation of assigned tasks. Major duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Coordinate Changes with the ISD EDI/HIPAA & Recipient/Health Plan/CCTS/QCA/LTC Units Applications Systems. Ensure that all work in the department is performed according to policy and procedure. Assist in creating or updating Information Services Division Policy and Procedures. Assist in creating or updating Operational/Strategic planning for the department. Develop and mentor staff assigned to the department including establishing training plans and career paths. Prepare management and status reports. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge of appropriate Business Requirement Document sections and required elements. Knowledge of project management artifacts and deliverables. Experienced in analyzing complex business issues and design tasks Exceptional verbal and written communication skills used to effectively address the evolving needs of our customers. Demonstrated ability to work closely with internal and external business partners and stakeholders, and other diversely talented technologists, with a high degree of accuracy and detail. Ability to work independently, as well as in a team. Proven ability to develop and execute project work plans. SELECTIVE PREFERENCE(S): Two years full SDLC experience (requirements, development, testing, and implementation). Experience in healthcare related field is a plus (acute care/LTC/Health Plan/etc.). Basic understanding or experience with mainframe/programming languages used by AHCCCS: JCL, COBOL, IDEAL, etc. BENEFITS At AHCCCS, we promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility and a variety of learning and career development opportunities. Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are 10 paid holidays per year, accrual of sick and annual leave, affordable medical benefits and participation in the Arizona State Retirement Plan. Click here to learn more about benefits. Arizona State Government is an EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by calling (602) 417-4497. Requests should be made as early as possible to allow sufficient time to arrange the accommodation. AHCCCS is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All newly hired employees will be subject to E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification. Click the APPLY NOW button to submit your application. _For technical assistance, email_ _[email protected]_ _or call 602-542-4700._