The Enterprise Architect at SAC Wireless will work with stakeholders, both business and IT, to build holistic view of the organization’s enterprise architecture and drive alignment to the overall IT strategy. The Enterprise Architect is expected to have a breadth of expertise in leading-edge software development practices and technologies (including ERP and CRM tools) and be able to guide our company’s technology and architecture vision. The Enterprise Architect position will start off as an individual contributor role, but it is anticipated that he/she will manage individual solution architects in the future. He/She will report to the Vice President of Information Technology. The successful candidate will help to digitally transform our businesses through the following contributions: Responsibilities: Providing technical leadership and vision for the teams building and integrating next generation business systems Prototyping advanced technologies in the areas of Cloud Computing, Big Data, Web/Mobile Applications, and Social Media Defining implementable application architectures and system designs for custom application and integration solutions Selecting technology standards and road-mapping/planning the migration of legacy systems to new technologies and standards Advising on enterprise architecture governance across project teams to ensure consistent application and adherence to defined architecture principles, documenting and communicating architecture decisions Own and drive forward specific areas of application technology architecture, inclusive of custom application development, application/data integration, cloud, dev-ops, and big data. Provide architectural assessments, strategies, and roadmaps for all business and technology domains. Lead project and solution estimation Develop proof-of-concept projects to validate new architectures and solutions. Mentor and provide architectural guidance to multiple teams building innovative applications. Drive common vision, practices and capabilities across teams. Engage with client technical staff to determine the most appropriate technical strategy and designs to meet business needs. Demonstrate broad solutions technical leadership, impacting significant technical direction, exerting influence outside of the immediate team Defines, documents and maintains data and technical environment/architecture and deployment methodologies to enable integrated solutions. Advises IT and other business regarding the feasibility and impact of proposed approaches to project solutions in terms of systems capabilities and established data standards and technology architecture guidelines in accordance with best practices. Ensure existing data/information assets are identified, stewarded, governed and leveraged across the enterprise. Develop and document data architectural solutions and recommendations using best practices for business products. Proven ability to lead multiple high priorities initiative with aggressive timelines leveraging an agile framework. Comfortable performing in a fast paced, dynamic and ambiguous business environment. Ability to concentrate on a wide range of loosely defined complex situations, which require creativity and originality, where guidance and counsel may be unavailable. Must be able to communicate technical information clearly, able to ‘translate’ between diverse groups of technical and non-technical individuals. Define and execute the enterprise architecture roadmap - assess current and anticipated future business trends as to potential use/impact Be comfortable working within all levels of the organization – adjusting style and approach to match audience. This includes presenting to senior executives and/or managing and working with business analysts, developers as well as addressing application code/technology issues. Experience with supply chain solutions, especially for a project based, services company Requirements: BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field or equivalent work experience. 15+ years of required hands-on IT experience including but not limited to ERP and CRM tools and integration and custom development (both agile and waterfall). Expertise in data architecture and modeling, relational database technology, transaction processing and data warehouse design. Prior experience with ERP packages (HCM, Finance, Supply Chain, PPM modules) Experience with established and emerging data technologies and concepts. Experience in leading integration and change management. Ability to understand business requirements/processes to convert into solution designs. Ability to influence and align key stakeholders towards a common goal, drive results and facilitate change. Professional and positive approach, self-motivated, strong in building relationships, team player, creative with the ability to work on own initiatives. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to structure documents to effectively communicate with senior leadership and drive alignment and decision making. Manage diverse, simultaneous projects of varying complexities. Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to present multiple technical solutions, pros and cons of each and recommendation. APICs certification is a plus ~CB~