You won’t just shape the world of software. You’ll shape the world of life, work and play. Our Software Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if you’re interested in a career creating breakthrough software and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further. You won’t just keep up, you’ll break new ground. There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing: Taking your place as a core member of an agile team driving the latest development practices Writing code and unit tests, working with API specs and automation Identifying opportunities for adopting new technologies Leading a team of engineers that delivers knowledge management solutions to businesses worldwide Qualifications Are you up for the challenge? Preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline [ 8+ years of development and operational experience Very good Experience in Service Delivery Management/Operations is a Must Strong understanding in MapR cluster Administration. 3+ years of Experience in service monitoring and alerting. 3+ years of Experience in supporting Big Data Applications/Data Ingestion workflow. Experience working in a high paced environment 3+ years of experience in Hadoop Framework & Programming (Map-Reduce, Hive, SPARK etc.) Strong Experience in Cornerstone Data Ingestion framework, Data quality, Event Engine, Magellan is an added Advantage 3+ years of Extensive Expertise in RDBMS – MySQL, PostgreSQL is a must 5+ years of Experience in Visualization Tool – (Tableau/Splunk is a must) 3+ years of Experience in any one programming language like Python,Java etc 4+ years of Expertise in with UNIX based systems including the ability to create and maintain Complex Shell script Experience with Machine learning/AI on Hadoop – SPARK ML, Python, R is a plus 3+ years of Experience with distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms and relational databases is a plus 3+ years of Experience in SQL/NoSQL Data Bases is a plus Experience in Performance tuning & trouble shooting capabilities is plus Testing/automation experience is a plus Proficient with Scaled Agile application development methods Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges, and articulate solutions Deals well with ambiguous/under-defined problems; Ability to think abstractly Demonstrated willingness to learn new technologies and takes pride in how fast they develop working software Ability to enable business capabilities through innovation is a plus Preferred At the core of Software Engineering Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Porting/Software Configuration Programming Languages and Frameworks Business Analysis Analytical Thinking Business Product Knowledge Why American Express Talk to our people and you’ll find out what we’re really all about. Open, creative, risk-taking, collaborative and innovative are just some of the expressions you’ll hear. It’s our culture that makes American Express an outstanding place to work, and a big part of why we regularly win best workplace awards all over the world. If you’re ready to take on a challenge and make an impact, you owe it to yourself to launch or grow your career here. ReqID: 18011543 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time