Overview Under the supervision of the Communications Manager, the Foundation Communications Specialist researches, develops, writes and distributes a variety of communications that support the fundraising and campaign objectives of the Foundation and assists development officers and volunteers in their efforts to solicit and steward charitable gifts. The Foundation Communications Specialist assists in conceptualizing, writing and upkeep of philanthropic and campaign materials, including both print and digital materials, as well as stewardship reports and other proposals, as needed. Must be well-versed in writing for both consumer and donor audiences, including social media, web and email content. This position supports both the Creative Services and Proposals & Stewardship teams, which communicates the Hospital’s mission, aspirations and needs to key constituencies with the purpose of facilitating fundraising success, increasing awareness of the impact of philanthropy on the hospital’s programs and services and demonstrating the value of Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago as a resource for Chicago families. Responsibilities Develop strong relationships with physicians and clinical staff and spend considerable time at the hospital in order to identify compelling patient and caregiver stories that are appropriate for various communications needs. Assist in conceptualizing, writing and upkeep of philanthropic and campaign materials, including both print and digital materials, as well as stewardship reports and other proposals, as needed. Meet with Prospect Managers and volunteers to discuss strategies and messaging for proposals and stewardship reports Research programs and services that are featured in stewardship reports. This research entails the use of existing files and publications, as well as one-on-one interviews with physicians, researchers and hospital-based administrators. Perform Internet searches and call outside sources to obtain statistics and other background information, as needed. Coordinates with the Foundation Communications Specialist (Digital) as well as Marketing and Public Affairs staff to develop or execute plans related to the social media ambassador program. Performs job functions adhering to service principles with customer service focus of innovation, service excellence and teamwork to provide the highest quality care and service to our patients, families, co-workers and others. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Communications, English or Journalism required. Strong writing and communications skills required. Ability to identify strong stories required. Two to five years of experience in communications or journalism, ideally in the non-profit sector with some experience in fundraising communications. Familiarity with healthcare a plus. Experience developing digital content for the web and social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. Experience providing communications support for fundraising events a plus. Strong interpersonal, project management and organizational skills. Must be self-motivated and able to work both independently and as a member of a team; attention to detail and the ability to prioritize and execute multiple projects under demanding deadlines are essential. Demonstrated ability to use Microsoft Office applications, including Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint.