The Google Technical Services Partners team empowers Google’s consumer products ecosystem to make Google’s products work. We provide end-to-end technical and operations support for partners for most of Google properties. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, helping onboard new partners, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management. As a Global Translation Operations Manager, you'll manage a team of vendors. You'll also partner with regional vendors and business teams based out of different locations. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Lead a team of vendor managers across different locations. Identify opportunities to streamline processes to help address business needs. Re-engineer processes to improve efficiency and customer satisfaction, and operationalize solutions in partnership with cross-functional stakeholders and vendor partners. Work closely with senior stakeholders in the region and/or product teams to understand, influence, define and drive common goals. Lead recurring meetings in your area of responsibility with project team ensuring all action items have follow ups, key initiatives are on track and maintain the project plan/documentation. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in operations, business or vendor management in a technology firm. Experience in project management, program management or service delivery. Preferred qualifications: Developed problem solving, critical thinking and analytical skills and experience in applying project management tools. Expertise in the localization industry. Ability to work with multiple vendor suppliers and business teams to set up, stabilize and scale new product operations. Effective communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.