Snowflake’s mission is to enable every organization to be data-driven with instant elasticity, secure data sharing and per-second pricing, across multiple clouds. Snowflake combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. The office administrator role is to provide a variety of administrative and facility support functions for remote offices within the Snowflake organization. Duties include greeting guests, day to day facilities operations, shipping and receiving of goods, booking of conference rooms for events. Facilities Duties: Greet guests and ensure the guests are signed into Envoy System, and are escorted to their meeting Main contact for the building & outside vendors Prepare, receive and distribute FedEx, UPS & USPS shipments Ensure janitorial and maintenance groups from property management perform regular cleaning of the facility and premises including any spills on a daily basis beyond the regular custodial services performed by the cleaning staff including trash/debris removal, emptying receptacles, mopping and drying, etc. Manages the meeting and conference room set-ups, facility events, employee moves adds and changes, freight shipping and delivery, supplies, stocking. Contact Property Management to inform staff of minor repairs to the facilities and premises as assigned including painting, patching, office and kitchen equipment furniture, walls, ceiling, tiles, carpeting, floor tiles, etc. Helps to ensure all building and maintenance policies, procedures, codes, regulations, etc. are followed and enforced including safety systems and standards. Admin Duties: Responsible for answering main phone line and directing messages appropriately Maintain dishwashers, kitchen, conference rooms, general clean up in the AM & PM Keep inventory and manage ordering of computer equipment, accessories, kitchen supplies, office supplies, etc Manage catering vendors and set up for lunches and meetings Ability to run errands as needed Submit and reconcile expense reports Order new hire kit supplies, put together and have ready for new employee arrival Package and distribute interview candidate swag bags Special event planning/logistics support (Bagel Monday + Waffle Wednesday + Cheesy Thursday, set-up/cleaning/etc.) Work with other Executives and Senior Administrative Assistants on projects, meeting coordination, event planning. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree (BA or BS) Minimum of 3-5 years experience in a support role to executives Self-sufficient and all around go getter with a strong work ethic Embrace and spread the Snowflake culture which revolves around our values Team player, with experience working independently Confidentiality & trustworthy Excellent written and verbal communication skills Highly organized and responsive LI-DP1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.