Position Description Anixter is seeking a Business Intelligent Analyst to support the Global Inventory Management business. The successful candidate will excel at: Gather and document business requirements from the user community Design, develop, test and maintain solutions that exceed user requirements and that are easily extendible to other audiences world-wide Document business processes, data design and flows, and everything else relative to a project Function as an evangelist to support the adoption of technology across the enterprise and to develop training to educate the user community Requirements Functional Must Have Strong functional background Requirements gathering documentation Data and process modeling Technical Must Have SQL Server TSQL including functions and stored procedures SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Power BI (including Office/Excel, Desktop and Cloud Service) including DAX Nice to Have Microsoft Office (especially Access and Excel) Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Other Requirements Must Have Microsoft Certification in Business Intelligence Development and/or Reporting, or Bachelor’s degree or higher as follows: Computer science, Management Information Systems or another technical discipline with genuine affinity for working with users to gather requirements Highly quantitative functional discipline such as Accounting, Finance or Supply Chain Management with demonstrated technical aptitude using the Microsoft BI stack Excellent communication skills, including written, verbal and presentation skills Ability to cultivate and maintain credibility with both internal stakeholders and external audiences A flexible, dynamic, self-demanding and proactive individual; able to motivate him/herself and others; easily accepts constructive input from others. Company Information Anixter is a Fortune 500 company and a leading global supplier of communication and security products and electrical and electronic wire and cable. Our high-performing team works closely with customers and the community to better understand their business challenges specify cost-saving solutions and make informed purchasing decisions around technologies, applications and relevant standards. Please view our video for more information about Anixter. Anixter offers competitive salary and a bonus program to reward your results. We are known for our exceptional training and on-going development programs to support your career growth including a tuition reimbursement. We provide our employees excellent benefits including medical, dental, 401(k) with employer match, and additional company provided retirement benefits. You will be eligible to participate in Anixter's car expense reimbursement and allowance program. Work Environment Our founders developed the Blue Book more than 40 years ago to present the beliefs and ethos that define our business style. While we have grown and changed dramatically since we were established in 1957, one thing has remained constant: our commitment to the values presented in the Blue Book. You can review The Blue Book here. Anixter is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer; Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran.