Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: OXY) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company, and its OxyChem subsidiary is a major North American chemical manufacturer. We are one of the largest U.S. oil and gas companies, based on equity market capitalization, with more than 40,000 employees and contractors worldwide. Our greatest asset has been and will continue to be our people. We are looking for an experienced and motivated individual to fill the position of Full-stack Developer within our IT Information Systems Software Development group based in Houston, Texas. Looking for an experienced full stack developer. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and implementing software solutions to address complex business issues. The ideal applicant will able to thrive in a highly collaborative workplace and actively engage in the development process. This is an excellent career opportunity for a professional with an impressive development background and excellent interpersonal skills. Below is list of the main responsibilities for this position. Contribute to the entire SDLC Develop functional and fast-responsive web applications, using markup languages Maintain websites Elaborate mobile-based and web-based features Troubleshoot apps for bugs Fix bugs if necessary and improve usability Improve apps for maximum speed Troubleshoot UI and improve its performance accordingly Employ the latest technology in order to re-built legacy apps Integrate UI elements with server-side ones Detect and fulfill front-end and back-end requirements Perform training and support activities Develop reusable code Collaborate with developers, server administrators, cyber security and customers. Tailor web solutions to their needs and requirements Perform code reviews Qualifications BS in computer science, engineering or equivalent degree 2+ years of proven experience as software developer using C, Angular, JavaScript, CSS Understanding of software quality assurance principles and continuous integration Time management and analytical skills Ability to perform several tasks at the same time Ability to translate requirements into a finished project Communication skills to collaborate with customers, developments, BA, QA, CSM Problem-solving ability Desired Qualifications Involved on mobile application projects that utilized Ionic or Xamarin Involved on project that utilized Microsoft Azure or AWS. Worked in Scrum Agile environment Familiar with Jira and Confluence Occidental is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Individual with Disability/Veteran Status