By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Job Description Are you looking for a patient-focused company that will inspire you and support your career? If so, be empowered to take charge of your future at Takeda. Join us a Data Engineer in our Cambridge, MA office. Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. As a Data Engineer working in the Data Engineering and Emerging Technologies team, a typical day will include: OBJECTIVES: Leads complex data analysis, uses and explores data, languages, tools and software to best construct data for predictive modelling, tests the model, trains data to deploy the modelling within a complex R&D, Medical, Mathematical environment and a large complexity of IT systems and data. Manages and develops technical existing and new computer science platforms to design, to analyze and implement complex and new data driven solutions, with an impact on the IT Structure and Architecture. Interprets and develops advance techniques in partly structured and unstructured big data across different partner organizations. ACCOUNTABILITIES: Determines data analysis approaches, uses different technologies, big data preparations, programming and loading as well as initial exploration in the process of searching and finding data patterns. Oversees data science input and requests, translates these from data exploration - large record (billions) and unstructured data sets - to mathematic algorithms and uses various tooling from programming languages to new tools (artificial and machine learning) to translate, build and optimize models. Leads and conducts ongoing tests in the search for solutions in the data modelling, collects and prepares the training of data, tones the data, optimizes algorithm implementations to test, scale, and deploy future models. Designs/builds/deploys complex data models related to R&D questions independently. Develops technical roadmaps and approaches for data analyses to find patterns, to design data models, to scale the model to a managed production environment within the current or a technical landscape to develop. Influences and guides data exploration from analysis to scalable models, works independently and decides quick on transfers in complex data analysis and modelling. Interprets the impact on IT Structure and Architecture and influences this discipline. Independently use own judgement to identify data requirements and influences the design and implementation of the IS/IT data strategy. Ensures execution and documentation to Takeda Quality Management System (QMS), suggest adjustments to the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and other standards, policies and procedures. Work independently on tough problems with other team members and independently solve, with some guidance, very difficult technology problems. Demonstrates advanced tooling and techniques to other engineers and traditional analytics organizations throughout the company Maintains up-to-data knowledge on modern data technologies, explores new platforms and beta tooling. Represent the team while working on project across R&D and commercial. Is internal and external expert to-go-to in how to drive advanced Computer Science and Engineering skills and techniques. Influences and maintains relationships with partner organizations in support of data analysis, modelling and deployment. COMPETENCES, EDUCATIONAL AND SKILLS Required: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years’ experience or relevant project / coursework Ability to write and speak in the English languages Excellent oral and written communications skills, business acumen and excels in problem solving and analytical skills Up-to-date specialized knowledge of data wrangling, manipulation and management of technologies to affect change across business units. Ability to work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables. Experience Programming Java or Scala (Python?) Understanding of Web Services as well as JSON formats Working knowledge of SQL and Relational Databases Experience with at least one NoSQL datastore (Cassandra, MongoDB, Neo4J, …) Understand the concepts of Hadoop and Spark Preferred: Additional Languages: Python, Scala, Chef, R, Javascript Experience with Multiple NoSQL datastores (Cassandra, MongoDB, Neo4J, …) Experience with data formats including Parquet, ORC or AVRO Experience using Spark (Scala or PySpark) Architectural understanding of Horizontally Scalable solutions Understanding of AWS (S3, EC2, Redshift, EMR, Athena) Experience with a Rapid UI tools: EX: Tableau Experience with any of the following Frameworks: Spring, Django, R Shiny, Tensorflow, MXNet Understanding or Application of Machine Learning and / or Deep Learning Experience in a scientific environment. Experience using a “Data Lake” environment.