Company: FedEx Services Job Title: Software Developer (All Levels) Dallas, TX Area Job Requisition Number: RC78196 Category: General Locations: Plano, Texas 75024 United States Irving, Texas 75063 United States FedEx Services is seeking qualified applicants for Software Developer positions at all levels. Your application to this posting may potentially be considered for multiple positions within this group. Software Developer Positions: Software Developer I Software Developer II Software Developer III Software Developer Advisor The responsibility of this position is for developing and implementing solutions. This position will also have a heavy focus on the development for identifying, matching, and building associations for customer contacts. Duties for this role include but not limited to design, document, code, test, and deploy software to support the software development life cycle. May develop prototypes and solutions using a diverse range of technology. Apply modern principles, methodologies, tools, and systemic processed to support the launch of new business capabilities. Job Specific Information: Design, develop and implement enterprise scale solutions to support the organization’s business strategy and goals Communicate with business analysts to fully understand requirements, provide feedback, and request clarification as needed Review requirements and data models and translate into responsible applications and architecture Conduct design and code reviews with extended team to ensure that code meets FedEx Enterprise Foundational Services standards Track and resolve software defects Support test execution including system level and integration tests Knowledge and Skills in Any of the Following is Considered a Plus: JAVA/JMS/Spring/SOAP Web Services Server side background Oracle, SQL, Data Modelling skills Analytical/problem solving skills Master Data Management background Experience with MDM tool such as IBM Infosphere, Informatica, etc. Knowledge of Agile/Scrum/SAFe Methodology Strong communication and documentation skills Ability to translate business rules into data scenarios Understanding of data profiling and data quality techniques Understanding of cloud native principals Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets to draw meaningful conclusions Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree /or equivalent formal training, certifications, or work experience in coding. Position level commensurate with experience. Possible Domicile Location(s): Plano, TX Irving, TX Relocation: Relocation assistance may be available for this position, but is based on business decision. Your application to this posting may potentially be considered for multiple positions and sent to multiple hiring managers for review and consideration. NOTICE: Open positions will report to multiple Hiring Managers with open positions. Applicants will be notified by each Hiring Manager/Department if selected to move further in the process. Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer. Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years: FORTUNE “World’s Most Admired Companies” – 2016 Corporate Responsibility Magazine “100 Best Corporate Citizens” – 2016 InformationWeek “Elite 100” – 2016 Women’s Business Enterprise National Council “America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises” - 2016 Reputation Institute “World’s Most Reputable Companies” – 2015 Black Enterprise “40 Best Companies For Diversity” – 2015 When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself. EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.