BigCommerce, named a "Best Place to Work" in Austin, TX in 2018, is looking for an experienced HR professional to provide strategic, hands-on support to clients across all of our offices globally. This role reports to the Manager, HR Business Partners and is responsible for one or more client groups. As a HR Business Partner (HRBP) you will play a key role in helping our client team leaders think strategically about people & culture: helping to assess needs & develop solutions in areas such as workforce planning, organizational design, performance management, employee relations, compensation, retention, career development and leadership development. You must understand business priorities and translate them into a plan that supports our rapidly growing business, unique culture and company values. What You’ll Do: Anticipate potential issues and needs and proactively shape talent priorities to align to business strategy. Work with senior leadership to develop and implement HR plans and solutions in order to achieve strategic business initiatives and deliver results in line with our company values. Partner with leadership team to assess, design and deliver solutions needed to optimize talent and enhance effectiveness including, workforce planning, compensation, succession planning and performance management. Develop a deep understanding of your client group(s), their situations, and, most importantly, their needs to better develop mutually defined solutions to problems Review and analyze People Team and client group’(s) goals and metrics to identify trends and recommend solutions to improve individual and team performance, retention, and employee experience. Actively partner, coach & develop leadership team members, managers, and individuals. Provide management coaching to build leadership capabilities to address and resolve employee issues, ensuring a balance in representing all parties’ interests. Monitor the “pulse” of employees and develop and execute on initiatives to ensure a high level of employee engagement and a positive employee experience. Be the go to person for employee related questions for the client group’(s) team on just about anything including local office policies, procedures, systems, benefits, compensation, leaves of absence, etc. Apply in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance. Conduct effective, thorough, and objective investigations when needed. Ensure relevant people operational and administrative activities for the client group’(s) team are carried-out in adherence to global standards. Managing & leading internal communications to client group’(s) team to ensure understanding and buy-in. Partner with broader People team colleagues across Talent Acquisition, People Operations, and Learning and Organization Development to ensure employee and leadership needs are met and high performing teams are sustained. Assist with onboarding new staff, particularly leadership, and acquainting them with the company practices, culture and business. Maintain positive relationships with managers and employees to promote our culture of open communication. Who you are: 5+ years experience in Human Resources, preferably within the high-tech space 3+ years advising leadership and managing complex employee relations issues A well-rounded HR skill-set: knowledge of fundamental HR practices across ER, staffing, management practices, organizational effectiveness, compensation, and talent management. Attention to detail and capability to apply discretion and sound judgment in managing complex processes, decisions and handling sensitive information. Exceptional communication, listening, coaching, facilitation, and conflict resolution skills. Ability to relate well to all kinds of people, up, down, and sideways, inside and outside the organization. Ability to project mature self-confidence, a sense that you can take control of difficult, unpredictable situations, make tough decisions in a timely way, and use thought leadership to guide executives Strong influencing skills leveraging business acumen, expertise, and data. Strong working knowledge of US federal employment laws and regulations (ADA, EEO, FMLA, FLSA) and the ability to appropriately spot employment risk issues. Experience in California, New York, UK, and Australian employment law a plus. Ability to work within compressed timeframes and embrace the sense of urgency, innovation and resourcefulness required in a fast-paced company Comfortable working hands-on to get things done and quickly shifting to complex strategy discussions. Can accomplish results and desired outcomes through formal and informal corporate structures. Possess a resiliently positive attitude, have professional courage, steadfastly persevere through challenges, are ambitious while humble, have high standards for ethics and integrity, and do the right things the right way.