Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Data Coordinator is responsible for the collection, coordination, processing, and quality control of clinical trial data. The incumbent works with limited supervision in performing work assignments, and uses judgment in data collection, quality control, and liaison activities. Responsibilities Review and monitor patient/participant clinical trial data Abstract and code information such as patient/participant treatment and progress Perform routine audits to insure quality and completeness of the data submitted Serve as a liaison and reference resource to Physicians, Investigators, other staff members, and other organizations with questions about data collection or protocol procedures and requirements Monitor adherence to protocol, investigating any violation Maintain computer database Participate in committees with regard to data quality assurance Maintain ongoing contact with data suppliers to insure timely and complete delivery of data Coordinate special projects Provide input to support policies and goals of the department Perform other duties as assigned Qualifications BA/BS, RRA (Registered Records Administrator), ART (Accredited Records Technician), or two year degree in the medical field Two years of experience in medical records, cancer registry, or related field Strong computer skills and experience working with databases Strong verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of medical terminology Knowledge of statistics preferred Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.