Security is at the core of Google's design and development process: it is built into the DNA of our products. The same is true of our offices and data centers. As a Project and Data Analyst, you'll deliver innovative solutions that help our entire team keep pace with Google’s rapidly changing landscape. You believe that great just isn't good enough, and constantly seek out opportunities to improve Google’s security services, by leveraging data. Whether it’s finding a way to model and optimize security operations, or managing the launch of an innovative new tool, you identify and execute data- driven solutions to some of our thorniest challenges. Prior experience in security is not a prerequisite for this position. From keeping Googlers safe and secure to managing disruptive events, the ability to anticipate, deter, detect, and act are the pillars of Google’s Global Security and Resilience Services (GSRS) team. As a member of GSRS you will help develop a culture where safety, security and resiliency are integrated into every facet of Google, including the creative process. You will help us continually identify, evaluate and monitor enterprise risks that could affect business activities and provide business leaders the information they need to make critical decisions. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams to create innovative strategies and develop best in class programs that drive sustainable effectiveness. Responsibilities Gather and analyze data on a myriad of security processes to measure impact, identify risks and highlight opportunities for improvement. Develop insightful solutions to address complex strategic and operational challenges. Evaluate the impact of proposed changes, with attention to scalability and sustainability over time. Manage cross-functional projects, from problem definition to implementation. Communicate findings and recommendations to a diverse set of stakeholders, leveraging data to tell a clear and compelling story. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in data analysis. Preferred qualifications: Proficiency with spreadsheet data analysis, SQL, Spanner, JavaScript and mathematical modeling. Developed organizational and project-management skills; experience in developing project plans to deliver customer-oriented results. Ability to be personable yet persistent and lead cross-functional project teams without formal authority. Ability to creatively solve problems in a fast-paced, rapidly-changing environment. Attention to detail and ability to swiftly assimilate and understand new information. Developed written and verbal communication skills; ability to convey quantitative insights to non-quantitative audiences. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.