4 – 10 years’ experience in Java / J2EE technology stack Well versed with SDLC concepts Working with cross functional teams like Business Management, Architects, operations and QA Strong programming & problem solving skills Ability to think from a business perspective Good team player and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Expertise in JAVA/J2EE programming language utilizing Spring framework. Sound knowledge on Object oriented programming concepts Experience in working on Multi-threaded Systems. Strong Experience RESTful and SOAP Web Services Exposure to Unit testing framework like TestNG, JUnit. Good knowledge on system design and various design patterns Strong systems fundamentals related to performance, scale and factors inside/outside the JVM that impact the system. Strong experience with SQL databases (procedures, triggers, etc.) Expertise in Unix. Expertise on GIT and Maven. Experience in working in Agile methodologies Experience in continuous integration Job Location : Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 23 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.