Logistics done differently. XPO Logistics provides cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the world's most successful companies and we’re constantly looking for ways to improve, enhance, and adapt in an ever-changing marketplace. As the Database Architect, you will design and implement database structures that keep our operations running smoothly. We will equip you with the best tools in the industry to grow and develop to a level that will exceed your expectations and help you reach the goals you set for yourself, your colleagues, your career and your customers. Pay, benefits and more. We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability, and the opportunity to participate in a company incentive plan. What you’ll do on a typical day: Work closely with Application Architects to design database structures that properly model related business entities and relationships, providing operational flexibility and efficient query handling Design tables, determining the proper amount of referential integrity and normalization Write optimized SQL code to support development; conduct SQL Server coding sessions for application developers Rewrite and tune poorly performing SQL code to improve system performance by studying execution plans and optimizing the capabilities of the DBMS Develop database solutions by designing proposed systems, ensuring that all new database code meets company standards for readability, reliability, and performance; defining database strategy, architecture, physical structure, and functional capabilities Work with the architecture team and application developers to design and implement database strategies; maintain database documentation and relationship diagrams Provide support and lead the business and technology teams in identifying the data flow associated with the business flow; guide data provisioning and data capture process optimization What you need to succeed at XPO: At a minimum, you’ll need: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or electrical engineering 8 years of experience in database administration with a SQL Server Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and MS Project; ability to create complex formulas in MS Excel Availability to work a variety of shifts, including days, evenings, and weekends It’d be great if you also have: Master’s degree in computer science or electrical engineering 5 years of experience using Microsoft SSAS, data warehouse design, OLAP cubes, and MDX development Excellent verbal and written communication skills; able to present clean, organized and thorough information and data appropriate for intended audience; compose thorough and detailed technical documentation, procedures, manuals, etc. Self-motivated and able to work well with minimal supervision or in a team environment; consult with team members and management as needed Ability to identify opportunities to increase accuracy, optimize resources, and develop, recommend, and implement solutions Strong aptitude for understanding and analyzing large amounts of data from multiple sources Understand the most widely-known and emerging tools, technologies and social applications Be part of something big. XPO provides cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the world's most successful companies, including Disney, Pepsi, L'Oréal, Toyota and many others. We’re the fastest-growing transportation company on the Fortune 500 list and we’re just getting started. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran, or other protected status. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.