Our client, a fast-growing Michigan based company, is looking for an SFDC DevOps Engineer to join its greater Ann Arbor-based operations. This will be a 6-month contract to hire role. The successful candidate will help grow the DevOps function, within the Salesforce platform and related teams, through automation, tool development and best practices. Responsibilities: Maintain all environments to be synced with current Production functionality Manage deployment log for current Sprint and misc. related to case requests Ensure new developments are synced into all CPQ environments Ensure proper sandbox environments so errors are avoided during sandbox phase Track enhancement stories to look for code conflict and story overlap Prepare and plan for Salesforce release enhancement preview and release schedule with no impact to current development work Develop and own best practices/methodologies for provisioning, application scaling, configuration management, capacity planning, monitoring, etc. to improve organization-wide visibility into how system performs in production Analyze and understand how platform is being used and help drive continuous improvement of the offering based observations. Share daily operational responsibilities with the team Ensure that the company is continuously raising engineering standards of excellence by implementing best practices for coding, testing, and deployment Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 5+ years of experience working in a DevOps and automation role. Strong programming skills in at least 1 of the following languages: Python, Perl, PHP, or other dynamic programming languages. Linux system administration and performance tuning. Delivering quality software through automated testing. Nice to Have: SaaS operations Background in software security Experience with custom data sets a plus Certifications : Platform Developer I Platform App Builder Service Cloud About Vivo: Having been in business since 2006, Vivo is a full-service recruiting and consulting company, specializing on mid to senior level technology resources. Our brand promise is simple: we get people. We get that our clients don t want to waste time, and that our candidates and employees thrive when given honest feedback and an opportunity to grow. Whether you re onsite at our Pleasanton headquarters or working for one of Vivo s clients the best brand names out there our promise to you is unwavering: we will treat you like you are our most important employee. Do you think you get people get what they really need, and get how to deliver? We re not perfect but we re accountable. We re not in 32 countries, but we are in the heart of it all. So, if you are looking for a flexible, fun and high- energy work environment, along with the opportunity to work with some of the world s technology leaders, we can t wait to talk to you. Vivo - "We Get People!" Vivo We get people!