The Treasury Payment Solutions Help Desk Analyst is accountable for the prompt and effective resolution of technical and production issues for the entire suite of Treasury and Payment Solutions products/services. The incumbent will use independent judgment, analysis and initiative to troubleshoot and resolve issues. They will proactively maintain client communication throughout the analysis and resolution process. Inquiries will be escalated to senior staff members upon determination that problem exceeds their level of experience. The TPS Help Desk Analyst will follow procedures and department processes to document client information, steps taken toward resolution, and final resolution Key Accountabilities Business Delivery and Operations Provide resolution to customer inquiries received via telephone and email Provide technical support for TPS products and services, including incident identification, investigation/diagnosis, and resolution and recovery. Assist customers in troubleshooting and resolving issues during deployment and ongoing use of products and services. Effectively diagnose and work through complex problems with a high level of accuracy and a focus on providing exceptional customer service. Promote a positive customer experience by consistently providing an exceptional customer service and fostering trust and confidence by taking ownership of issues. Diligently search for solutions/alternatives when the answer is unknown. Escalate issues that are beyond the level of expertise through the appropriate channels. Maintain up-to-date knowledge and understanding of TPS products, services, processes and legal, regulatory and technology requirements. Risk Management and Control Complete all operational effectiveness/compliance requirements to manage risk within acceptable limits Protect the Banks assets by adhering to all applicable regulations, Policies and Procedures, legal and ethical requirements, process requirements, established risk guidelines and regulation requirements. Maintain the confidentiality of both customer and Bank information. Follow security and safeguarding procedures in accordance with Bank policy for the prevention of loss due to fraud, money laundering or defalcation; identify and report suspicious and other reportable transactions or patterns of activity that are suspected to be related to money laundering. Qualifications Qualifications 1 year of previous helpdesk or call center experience 1 year of previous banking experience preferred Excellent communication skills Ability to work independently as well as within a team environment \- Flexibility to provide coverage to support call volume fluctuation We’re here to help At BMO Harris Bank we have a shared purpose; we put the customer at the center of everything we do – helping people is in our DNA. For 200 years we have thought about the future—the future of our customers, our communities and our people. We help our customers and our communities by working together, innovating and pushing boundaries to bring them our very best every day. Together we’re changing the way people think about a bank. As a member of the BMO Harris Bank team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one – for yourself and our customers. We’ll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we’ll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset. To find out more visit us at https://bmoharriscareers.com . BMO Harris Bank is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other’s differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. BMO Harris Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, inclusive of Minorities, Women, Veterans, and Persons with Disabilities. Job Call Centre Primary Location United States-Illinois-Chicago Organisation Commercial Banking-X000003 Schedule full-time Job Posting 08/11/18 Unposting Date Ongoing