Position Overview The Information Security Analyst works with the Head of IT Risk to provide operational support for the coordination and execution of Wintrust’s IT Risk program and Information Security Risk program. The position will be assisting in the performance of various project and third party risk assessments. This position will work with the Business, Vendor Risk Management, and Information Security teams to ensure that new and periodic security risk assessments are carried out on required third parties and projects. This position requires the ability to effectively collaborate within his/her own department and across broad parts of the organization. Areas of Responsibility Deliver high quality risk and assurance services, including preparing and reviewing project and third party risk assessments. Apply concepts of information security risk assessments and become a trusted advisor to the Business Lines. Identify, document, track, and report on information security risk and compliance issues related to third parties and projects. Provide recommendations for improved controls and enhanced business efficiency. Align the Information Security Program with the Enterprise Risk Management. Responsible for other duties and responsibilities as assigned based on Wintrust’s needs. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. 5-7 years of related experience. Knowledgeable and experienced in performing Information Technology and Information Security Risk Assessments. Experienced in working with multiple security Frameworks and guidelines including but not limited to: NIST FFIEC Guidelines COBIT Works well in a fast growing environment with the ability to deliver on time. Exhibits a strong ability to handle multiple demands with a sense of urgency, drive, and energy. Flexibility and adaptability to changing needs and demands dictated by business and IT requirements. Acts as a change agent with a capacity to successfully manage and measure progress. Must be self-directed, have excellent initiative and organization skills. Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communication skills. Proven track record of meeting commitments with the highest standards of ethics and integrity. Big 4 audit background is preferred, not required. _Wintrust Financial Corporation (Wintrust) is a financial services company based in Rosemont, Illinois, with approximately $27 billion in assets. We engage in the business of providing traditional community banking services, commercial banking, wealth management services, commercial insurance premium financing, life insurance premium financing, mortgage origination, short-term accounts receivable financing, and certain administrative services, such as data processing of payrolls, billing and treasury management services. We provide community-oriented, personal and commercial banking services to customers located in the greater Chicago, Illinois and southern Wisconsin areas through our 15 wholly-owned banking subsidiaries._ _We provide an engaging, dynamic work environment, an excellent compensation package including 401k, employee stock purchase plan, medical/dental, life insurance and more!_ _Wintrust Financial Corporation, including community banking and financial services subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability._