TITLE: Systems Administrator LOCATION: San Francisco Office Obscura is an award-winning San Francisco-based creative studio that’s building the immersive entertainment venues and connected interactive experiences of the future. Our innovative team of artists, producers, and technologists use the medium of light to tell a story and communicate a vision through large-scale art installations and productions. Our work is nothing less than cutting-edge, and our clients are nothing short of pioneers. They’re film-makers, museums, companies, and countries who want to draw attention to a cause, or simply create a next-level experience that makes the world pay attention and think differently. We’re looking for top-notch talent to join our team … if that’s you, read on. Obscura is looking for an experienced systems administrator. As a systems administrator you will create and maintain our internal technology infrastructure. You will be responsible for the configuration, installation and maintenance of our desktops, servers, storage arrays and general network connectivity. You will work closely with the Director of Systems to research and deploy next-generation hardware and software, ensuring maximum uptime with minimal production pipeline friction. RESPONSIBILITIES: Configuration and maintenance of high-availability production systems: Servers, workstations Large, high-speed SAN/SOFS arrays Modern network systems (Mellanox, IP, etc) Render farm capacity planning and maintenance Administration of mail and collaboration services Administration of core infrastructure (Active Directory domain, DNS, VLANs, WANs) Backup and archival systems First point of contact for all internal helpdesk requests WE ARE LOOKING FOR AN INDIVIDUAL WITH: Technical Skills: Windows 7 & 10, MacOS end user support Server 2008r2-2016, Linux (CentOS/Debian) Python development and internal tooling Cisco, Juniper, Mellanox switches and firewalls Performance monitoring and bottleneck identification Enterprise infrastructure performance monitoring tools (TICK, ELK, etc) PowerShell, bash, Python, etc. A focus on open source tooling Other Qualifications: Attention to detail and triage in a fast-paced environment Able to work on multiple projects and prioritize tasks for each Thoughtful interaction and collaboration with non-technical staff in other Obscura departments to solve complex internal technical issues Adaptable and willing to provide occasional support outside of job scope Flexibility in scheduling: some evening and weekend work required as necessary About this Position: This is a full-time salaried position with occasional late evenings and/or weekend work. We offer a competitive set of employee benefits, including healthcare and 401k. Please submit a cover letter and resume for consideration with “Systems Administrator” in the subject line to jobs@obscuradigital.com.