Facility Solutions Group is dedicated to timeless contribution and service in lighting, electrical, energy, and technology fields. Our mission is to consistently provide our customers with superior value through quality products, service and support by contributing to the quality of life of all employees. As one of the nation’s largest single-source providers of lighting and electrical products, electrical services, electrical construction, and energy management solutions we are expanding our staff and seeking a Claims Administrator to join the FSG Safety - Austin team. JOB DESCRIPTION As a Claims Administrator you will report to and work directly with the Director of Risk and the Safety in maintaining claims records, responding to claims, and keeping all new and ongoing claims organized. The ideal candidate will be able to multi-task while staying organized, and be detail oriented. We are seeking candidates with strong and positive organization skills to join our team. A Claims Administrator will: Maintain claim database for general reports. Interact with the third-party adjusters, as needed. Interact with claimants to obtain completed paperwork for all settlements. Interact with sites to obtain completed paperwork for all incidents. Review, handles, and distributes all claims and insurance documents and correspondence. Complete all required Company trainings and compliance courses as assigned. Adhere to Company standards and maintains compliance with all policies and procedures. Possess expert knowledge of Excel and be able to enter and retrieve information quickly. Maintain and report OSHA 300 information Perform work efficiently and while staying highly organized Assist in the administration of the Company’s workers' compensation program Responsible for filing, investigating and monitoring claims and generating reports Build and maintains relationships with employees, supervisors, management, insurance carriers and others as needed Perform other related duties as assigned Qualifications JOB REQUIREMENTS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. High school diploma at minimum Bachelor’s Degree preferred Must be able to pass a drug and background screen Must have a valid driver’s license Expert level Excel skills – may be assessed using third party assessment program Professional experience in Safety or Construction fields preferred Excellent oral and written communication skills Initiative to set and achieve performance goals. Good analytic and negotiation skills. Ability to cope with job pressures in a constantly changing environment. Must be detail oriented and a self-starter with strong organizational abilities. Flexibility, accuracy, initiative and the ability to work with minimum supervision. Discretion and confidentiality required. Reliable, predictable attendance Responsive to internal and external client needs. Benefits Stable employment 401K Program with matching contribution Medical, Dental and Life benefits Advancement opportunities for outstanding performers As an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status