The Director of Product Program develops strategic plans for, ensures the execution of, two revenue-generating girl programs that achieve the program outcomes, girl and volunteer support, and strategic and annual priorities of the Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin River Valleys. Essential Duties and Responsibilities The director manages the tactical execution of all aspects of the programs development, planning, implementation, and evaluation of the council’s product sales programs, and works collaboratively with teams across the council to achieve optimal results. This includes: Develops and administers, in conjunction with senior leadership, an annual work plan and operating budget for product programs, including income and expense projections. Develops and implements, in conjunction with council partners, effective strategies for achieving financial and program goals for all annual product program campaigns. Negotiates with vendors and develops strong working relationships with vendor partners to deliver cost-effective product program solutions for the Council. Identify and analyze key business drivers and make data-based recommendations on critical product program decisions, including product lineup and rewards, dates, timing, and other decisions; identify business performance opportunities by accessing, verifying, and organizing market trends and sales data. Ensure successful exection of product sales logistics and processes, including: Working in partnership where applicable, ensure delivery, distribution, and replenishment systems for product inventory, including initial deliveries, warehousing/cupboards, recruiting and managing a seasonal warehouse workforce, recruiting and managing volunteer inventory managers, and training and management of delivery agents. With Chief Operating Officer and others, establish product program policies policies; ensure the dissemination and adherence to policies, and analyze policies annually and make recommendations for adjustments. With Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Offer, develop and ensure implementation of safety and risk management plans, includingl safety, crisis communication, and the collection of all funds, including delinquent funds. Effective use of technology platforms and fulfillment systems provided by vendors, River Valleys IT, and/or GSUSA. Ensure successful execution of girl, member, and volunteer support and engagement in product programs including: Collaborate as needed to ensure that the product programs experience for girls incorporates effective goal setting, innovation, participation from all girl pathways and age groups, experiential learning, and leadership outcomes. Establish and monitor an effective motivation and reward program for girls that enhance participation in the Product Programs for all program levels of girl members in all membership pathways. Convene and lead a volunteer Product Program Advisory Committee to seek relevant feedback on the programs and provide volunteer engagement opportunities. Create consistent, timely, audience-focused, and relevant training and materials for product program volunteers, troop and service team volunteers, and staff. In partnership with Communications and Public Relations colleagues, develop consistent, timely, audience-focused program promotion and communication with members, volunteers, girls, and the public about product programs. The director will also: Acts as a critical thinker and innovator, challenging the way things are done and incorporating business analysis and best practice research into the Product Program plans to achieve sustained growth and profitability. Develop and lead a team in tactical and strategic execution; ensure quality strategic and tactical implementation and strong and collaborative internal and external communication, as well as staff development and mentoring Work in collaboration with colleagues from Volunteer Support, IT & Analytics, Property, Finance, Program, Operations Support, and Member Engagement and Communications to ensure the successful execution of product programs. Develop and manage department budgets and corresponding resource allocations and ensure that staffing resources are allocated to business trends. Compile, assess, and share information about the member and volunteer experience with product programs, market trends, and conflict/volunteer relations issues to influence and improve the member experience across the organization and to help inform organizational decisions. Support council senior leadership and partners in disseminating the Council Product Program vision and strategy to the all staff, integrating the Product Programs into all aspects of the council. Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field, preferably Business, Operations, Marketing, or related field. A minimum of five (5) years of experience management including: volunteer management, program development, project management, marketing, or a combination thereof. Preferred: Master’s Degree preferred.