We are Sisense. We are Sisense; a radically innovative BI company focused on redefining every aspect of business analytics. We love innovation; we always seek to develop better our solutions and delight our customers. Turning complexity into simplicity is our goal, and we accept no less than ‘WOW!’. Sisense provides a single-stack BI solution, from a blazing fast analytical server that can mash up complex data sets out of various source providers, through a killer analytical product that turns data into actionable insights using proprietary technologies that leave other analytical engines in the dust. What Are We Looking For? We are looking for BI Implementation Expert who has curiosity and investigative mind-set and enjoys working with clients in all areas of Business Intelligence and Analytics. This role provides a great opportunity to expand your career, gain lots of experience very quickly in different industries on different projects and to be able to be part of defining the direction of an exciting and cutting edge consultancy. The ideal BI Implementation Expert has a High level of curiosity and investigative mind-set with an attention to detail and accuracy along with a passion for learning new techniques with enthusiasm. What You'll Do: To fit this role you will be highly motivated, able to work independently and revel in problem-solving and looking for new solutions. Full life-cycle BI solution implementation, including planning and design of the Sisense environment, building ETL processes and Data Visualization Analyze customer requirements and develop proposals of technical solutions Collaborating with end users to identify needs and opportunities for improved data management and delivery Execute sophisticated quantitative analyses and advanced modeling that translates data into actionable insights Analyze data and synthesize raw information into insights, recommendations, dashboards, and reports Manage the balance between customer expectations and delivering projects to their original specification Training of customers and partners, and assisting in internal knowledge sharing inside SiSense Some travel will be involved Requirements: What You Should Have? Bachelors in Engineering or related field 3 or more years of Experience in ETL, Business Intelligence, analytics and reporting platforms including experience using ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, Datastage, Pentaho, Ab Initio, etc); 2 or more years of experience in a reporting and analysis role with strong quantitative and analytical skills and a proven track record of turning large amounts of multi-faceted data into meaningful information. Experience using relational database systems (data warehouse) and optimizing SQL queries. Teradata or SQL Server (SSIS/SSAS/SSRS) database experience is required with strong skills in writing advanced SQL functions and procedures. Experience with databases including SQL coding across standard commercial databases (e.g. Oracle, Teradata, MySQL etc.) Hands-on experience with relational databases, data modeling, and data visualization tools to deliver results Expert knowledge of Excel as an advanced modeling tool and PowerPoint for effective presentations. Awareness and desire to work with complex data analytics, data products, and Big Data technologies. Project experience with the proven ability to work on multiple projects concurrently leveraging excellent organization and time-management skills. Experience providing business-related/and or technical subject matter expertise on large, highly complex reporting projects and business analytics to support management, multifunctional departments, staff members, and peers. Strong verbal and written communication skills to explain confidential and complex issues and make recommendations to leadership. Nice to have Knowledge of business intelligence tools is required (such as Sisense, Tableau, Cognos). Experience working with cross-functional teams to create specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs. Sisense is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other protected class. We only care that you embody the Sisense DNA which is Teamwork , a " Can-Do" Attitude , Drive to Win , Creativity and the Fight to help our clients succeed. Group: BIC Position Type: New