Requisition ID: 189924 Work Area: Software-Development Operations Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Student Employment Type: Intern COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Purpose & Objective of Position It is key for the SAP Human Resources Board area to ensure that the SAP People & Organization Strategy is an integral part of SAP's corporate strategy and supports all employees and the organization with initiatives directed to drive innovation. The Data Analytics team within the Talent, Leadership, and Learning organization oversees initiatives to integrate and leverage data to better identify, develop and select leaders within SAP. This position will support the global assessment practice through the design, implementation and analysis of text scraping, NLP, and other methodologies to identify skill gaps for strategic talent planning initiatives. In addition, this position will provide strategic direction and support for the development of SAP’s Learning Analytics Bridge, to build prediction models for talent strategies. Expectations & Tasks Support design and implementation of SAP’s Learning Analytics Bridge, assessment strategy and follow-up /development activities Support system integration and creation of predictive models Assist in overall project management activities Support development of dashboards and data visualization for managers and HR Business Partners Acquire world-class experience using the latest SAP technology Skills / Competencies Language skills: Fluent in English, both written and spoken, additional language would be an advantage, but is not prerequisite Detail-oriented and analytical; process oriented and ability to be comfortable working with high volume data, figures, and statistics. 3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, data mining, and analytics techniques. Experience in one or more natural language processing topics: tagging, syntactic parsing, word sense disambiguation, topic modeling; contextual text mining, and application of deep learning to NLP. Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role with a large technology company. Work collaboratively to architect and implement data-science solutions, mapping the data processing flow from raw data or data stores, to identifying optimal data analytics approaches, to data visualization and working with users to optimize the user experience Comfortable with learning and utilizing a variety of reporting applications, systems and tools. Good interpersonal communication, time management, and problem solving skills. Proactive team player able to work well under pressure. Capable of working independently upon receiving proper instruction and guidance. Ability to work on own initiative as part of an international team Prefer 2+ years of experience with SAP HANA , 2+ years of experience with SAP Analytics Cloud Educational Requirements Requires candidates to currently be enrolled. MBA, MS in Data Science, Data Analytics or related field preferred. WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: