Who We Are At OAC, we do what we love in the service of people who love what we do. This means that we have many different disciplines with one common goal: to serve our clients and communities as trusted partners while focusing on how design and construction can improve all aspects of the built environment. To accomplish this, we focus on hiring professionals who are experts in their fields, inspire others, enjoy sharing knowledge, and see collaboration as not only an asset, but a necessity. If you are passionate about your work and would like to work in a positive, energized environment, then you’ll find a home with us! Who You Are We are seeking a System Administrator to join our team to support OAC’s corporate IT systems, applications, hardware, and desktop environments. You will be the primary point of contact for all IT services, systems, and support, including driving execution and working with the Leadership Team to determine corporate IT strategy. This is a terrific opportunity to be the technical subject matter expert and work with a diverse team and organization of project managers, architects and engineers in a thriving industry. If this sounds like you read more below! Windows System Admin Manage and provide leadership for corporate systems and infrastructure components for mission-critical Server/Desktop computing environments. Responsible for systems administration, networking, performance tuning, monitoring and capacity planning services. Build/manage infrastructure to support all business environment needs. Enforce policies and procedures for maintaining the security and integrity of the system and ensure the system meets availability and disaster recovery requirements and expected service levels. Ability to troubleshoot, solve, and manage all IT issues. Lead, manage, and execute on IT services for new office implementations. Key Responsibilities Administer and manage Windows systems: all aspects of planning, set-up, deployment, patch updates and maintenance. Provide systems and desktop support during business hours and in rare cases, be available as necessary after hours to be point of contact and manage outages. Ensure adherence to relevant security policies and regulatory governances as needed. Mitigate hardware/software issues, performance bottlenecks and overall system health concerns. Provide technical guidance and leadership for OAC’s user community. Support and implement all business computing environments. Vendor management for all technical and IT systems, software, and hardware. Qualifications Successful candidate will be responsible for managing a range of Windows-based servers in addition to desktops (Windows and Mac), troubleshooting support issues, installing new OS and software, and supporting several ancillary systems. 6+ years of hosting experience involving IIS and Microsoft server environments. 2+ years of customer support/help desk experience. Excellent communication skills: in-person, phone, e-mail and documentation. Microsoft Certifications are highly preferred but not required. Basic understanding of firewalls, VPN, and web servers. Experience with Deltek Vision a big plus. Candidate will be able to work under limited supervision. This position will be on premise in Seattle WA and also provide remote support to OAC’s satellite offices with limited travel as necessary. About the Firm Founded in 1955, OAC provides public and private client’s multi-disciplinary, building consulting services. OAC delivers comprehensive program management, applying proven management techniques to the planning, design, and construction of a project from inception to completion. OAC’s building enclosure team designs efficient, complete, and sustainable building enclosure systems. The Forensic Architecture and Engineering practice at OAC provides investigation, repair design and expert witness consulting on construction litigation and insurance claims. For over six decades, OAC has been widely recognized as one of the best of the best in our industry. For the 2nd year in a row we made top 10 best workplace in Washington. In OAC was awarded No. 2 – Washington’s Best Companies to Work For 2017 – Seattle Business Magazine and No. 7 – Washington’s Best Workplaces 2017 – Puget Sound Business Journal. We are a growing company, with offices in Seattle, Spokane, Olympia, and Silicon Valley and are looking for the right candidate to aid our development and expansion.