Position Summary: The Technology Program Assistant is responsible for supporting the delivery of the BGCB Technology Program (quality and developmentally appropriate technology programming for youth ages 6-18) under the guidance of the club''s Technology Director. Required Skills Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Assist with program design, delivery and evaluation consistent with the guidelines of the Intel Computer Clubhouse and the objectives of the BGCB Technology Program. Ensure members have the opportunity to design projects and express themselves creatively utilizing technology in a learner-centered environment. Expose members to technology beyond their clubhouse via trips to other BGCB clubs, the Intel Computer Clubhouse, MIT Media Lab, Museum of Science and other locations deemed appropriate. Create and participate in collaborative programming with clubhouse staff and those from other BGCB clubhouses. When appropriate, participate in external collaborative efforts/programs and community-based initiatives including the documentation of the experience, reports, grants and other reporting responsibilities. Assist with the completion of BGCB''s program activity standards as assigned. Participate in program/service outcome measurement processes and other evaluation activities. Assist with supporting of the LAN infrastructure; serve as a point-of-contact for technical support throughout the clubhouse; assist IT staff (internal and external) as necessary. Assist with integration of technology throughout the club (e.g. set-up, maintenance of hardware and software). Secure and maintain materials, equipment and other resources belonging to the program area(s). Maintain a safe and clean program area(s). Participate in individual and group supervision sessions; participate in professional development opportunities as appropriate. Travel between sites and to activities as needed. Other related duties as specified by the Technology Director. Required Experience Position Requirements (Education, Experience, Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, Work Demand BA/BS preferred, equivalent experience (including certifications) considered. Direct experience developing and delivering technology programs to youth in an inquiry-based learning environment. Knowledge of project-based learning, web-based tools and software; experience utilizing a variety of technologies (e.g. design, illustration, animation, photography, web pages/HTML, peripherals) preferred. Must be or become CPR / FA certified. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. MS Office and web competency required; network and other technical knowledge preferred. Ability to work with youth and families from a variety of backgrounds. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Flexibility to work clubhouse hours especially as seasons and service needs change. Valid drivers'' license preferred. _ Please note that you have navigated away from our careers page, to continue to review current opportunities please close this tab. _