Overview Castleton Commodities International is a leading commodity trading and investment firm. As a trader, CCI deploys capital on a proprietary basis in the physical and financial commodity markets, providing the Company with market insights and access. As a strategic investor and developer, CCI leverages its market expertise, operations capabilities, and industry knowledge to invest in, and develop, select commodity infrastructure assets. CCI focuses its activities on the markets it understands best, while constantly striving to expand its knowledge base and network of relationships in order to participate in new markets. CCI is hiring a Data Analyst to work in the US Natural Gas group in our Houston office. This role is based on the trading desk and contributes directly to the analytics on which our trading and investment decisions are based. The focus of the role is on the development of analytics infrastructure and model implementation and requires strong technical skills. The role also includes building on this work to analyze large data sets and draw commercially relevant conclusions. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, have a strong background in programming and data analysis - and a strong interest in energy commodity markets. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a front office role with a successful natural gas trading team. Responsibilities Maintain and further develop analytic tools for natural gas market data Collaborate with IT developers on data processes and platform Perform analyses on natural gas pipeline flow data and other large data sets, exploring relationships of prices and fundamentals Track and analyze relevant data from company reports and project filings Develop market knowledge to contribute to idea generation for analytics and commercial opportunities Qualifications 1-2 years’ experience in an analytical role. Some prior exposure to financial services along with commodities experience is highly preferred. Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field with strong academic performance. Exceptional programming abilities with an emphasis on Python, Matlab, and SQL. Proven experience working with large datasets. Self-motivated, strong communication skills, and strong quantitative abilities. LI-LH1