The Business Analyst II will be responsible for: Developing requirement gathering strategy for each project and products in both Agile and Waterfall formats, including creating business requirement documents Leading process analysis and business stakeholder interviewing sessions to develop high quality business requirements/user stories either in an Agile or Waterfall format. Conducting research and impact analysis, root cause analysis, and perform AS IS process mapping related to the assigned projects. Creating robust requirements through the use of current and desired state analysis, gap assessments, business cases, mock ups and use cases. Assist and provide feedback in story mapping/collaboration sessions with Information Technology (IT) to develop user stories with adequate acceptance criteria. Providing estimates based on work effort around gathering business requirements. Responsible and accountable for managing all requirement deliverables at the Program, Project or BAU levels such as; business requirement document, traceability matrix, requirement sign off, reviewing test scenarios to ensure complete coverage of requirements, assist with change controls and integration into existing work items in flight. Assisting with test scenarios and test execution if needed. Required Skills: 2-4 years of business analysis experience in business process and technology integration projects. Business analysis and problem analysis skills Experience in process mapping and process engineering Excellent interpersonal skills necessary to work effectively with all levels of the organization. Demonstrated ability to work as a team player; leading the group to develop alternative solutions to complex problems, thinking outside the box, encouraging group consensus and recommending the best solution. Detail oriented with strong organization skills, presentation skills, problem solving and decision making abilities. Possess excellent oral and written communication skills. Strong ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously and prioritize work efforts. Proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel, and MS Powerpoint is required; Visio a plus Preferred Skills: Knowledge of Auto Finance business a plus Knowledge of JIRA and/or ALM Experience in an Agile environment