The Expertise We’re Looking For Master’s in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields. Proven track record of strong verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams. Excellent planning, project management, leadership, and talent management skills. Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. Five to ten successfully launched ML projects. Hands on experience developing machine learning algorithms (regression, random forest, clustering, etc.), using relevant programming languages, and big data tools. Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project. Extensive experience with advanced ML techniques (neural networks/deep learning, reinforcement learning, SVM, PCA, etc.). Experience with open source technologies, ML libraries, and programming languages. Experience building and delivering complex systems that leverage various machine learning algorithms or technologies that integrate well with other organization-wide systems and are able to scale effectively. 10+ years of relevant employment experience. The Purpose of Your Role You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead ML strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal leader will combine expert AI/ML/Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms/models/programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to Fidelity. The Skills You Bring You know and love building machine learning algorithms and AI solutions and can partner with stakeholders across a wide range of teams (business, marketing, finance, technology, etc.). Your AI/ML skills, deep knowledge, insights, leadership and ideas are characterized as one of the best in your organization. You are analytical, innovative, creative, disruptive, and you don’t give up. In this role you will have an opportunity to launch new AI solutions in web, mobile channels, and emerging platforms/tools (Alexa, Siri, etc.) positive impacting the lives of over 26 million customers. You will have the opportunity to display your skills in the following areas: Interface with business stakeholders, engineers and software developers, gather requirements and deliver complete AI/ML solutions. Own the design, hands-on development, and launch of AI algorithms/solutions that improve customer experience and deliver business results. Lead and manage local and remote teams (scientists with diverse skillsets). Closely follow research and open source developments/publications and apply them within Fidelity’s context. Understand, at a deep level, business and product strategies, goals and objectives. Support in setting the AI roadmap to drive business goals. The Value You Deliver We work closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry. How Your Work Impacts the Organization The AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand. Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com _Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer._