Overview Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader in storage and information management services. Iron Mountain is committed to storing, managing and transforming what our customers value most, from paper records to data to priceless works of art and culture. Providing a full suite of solutions – records and information management, data management, digital solutions, data centers and secure destruction – Iron Mountain enables organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and protect their data and assets from a complex world. Visit the company website at www.ironmountain.com for more information. Iron Mountain enables 94% of the Fortune 1000 to smartly and securely manage their physical and digital information assets. With unmatched innovation and collaboration, our teams create information management solutions for our customers’ data, no matter what format, location or lifecycle stage it’s in and no matter where it’s kept. We are more than 17,000 people strong and growing. We’ve been a trusted records management leader since 1951. Iron Mountain is an equal opportunity employer, and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics or expression, disability, medical condition, U.S. Military or veteran status or other legally protected classifications in making employment decisions. Responsibilities Summary: Responsible for leading and managing all aspects of Iron Mountain’s business lines within the assigned area of ownership (market). The District Manager, as the business owner of the market(s), has accountability for driving Financial Results, Business Development, Positive Employee Experience, Customer Satisfaction and Safety within the specific market(s). Provides leadership on all aspects of Operational Excellence and partners with other functional teams to coordinate strategic selling and operational efforts for the market(s). Reports directly to Regional SVP. This position can sit in either Detroit MI, Cleveland OH, or Columbus OH! Key Responsibilities: Financial and Operational Success Financial Oversight – Manage financial performance of market by partnering with the Regional Finance Manager and Director of Business Support to analyze trends and monitor P &L. Develop and execute appropriate plans to achieve targets based on current performance and forecasted trends. Works with Director of Business Support to develop gap plans to minimize risk of missing financial objectives. Manage against annual operating and capex budgets that are consistent with market strategy. Manage rack and capacity utilization. Maintain a 5-year real estate plan to proactively address space needs and shifts in customer activity. Assist in pricing and structuring deals to acquire new business with the objectives of maintaining a high rate of growth, favorable internal rate of return and economic margin, increasing market share, and improving profitability by achieving operating leverage. Approval authority for pricing proposals impacting assigned market(s). Develop, present and maintain annual business plan for market(s). Organizational Structure- Regularly review organizational structure to ensure appropriate alignment with North America and Regional organizational model, plan and resources are in place to meet the needs of our customers, operational metrics and financial goals. Partner with Human Resources as needed to make organizational changes. Operational Excellence, Standards & Compliance – Regularly meet with Operations Managers and Supervisors to review operational results. Ensure hands on, active leadership, and that decisions are made based on review and analysis of activity to understand resource allocation, business capacity, challenges and opportunities. Hold Operations Managers and Supervisors accountable to ensure safety & security procedures are followed and understood by team, the quality of service is continuously improving, and that they are conducting semi-annual self-audits for market to prepare for audits from the Internal Audit group. Actively participate in the safety review process to ensure we have addressed root causes and taken corrective action to prevent future instances. Business Development Revenue Management – Drive revenue growth for market by partnering with Sales team in developing, identifying and implementing marketing and selling strategies. Partner with Sales and Customer Service Teams to ensure SLA’s are met. Develop relationships with top customers in market (strategic, multi-city and large Local). Develop and implement price increases on field book of business. Participate in key account renewals with authority to sign contracts. Account Executive Sponsorship – Work closely with Sales/Account Management on opportunities and removing obstacles to expedite revenue generation. Develop and maintain key external relationships with trade associations (i.e. ARMA, AIM), customers and competitors. Drive initiatives within market. Participate in tactical Acquisitions. New Business Acquisition- Partner with M &A team and Director, Business Support to identify acquisition targets (includes development of metro and micro markets), develop relationships, and perform due diligence. Once acquired, the District Manager is responsible for move and integration planning, as well as executing the plan through his/her team. Research Local Competition- Know and understand the services provided by local competitors, their strengths and areas of opportunity. Work with sales team to develop strategic and innovative solutions to win competitive deals. Culture and Employee Development Culture – Responsible for creating a positive and inclusive work environment that values and respects the ideas and experience of all employees. Ensure Iron Mountain’s core values are upheld throughout the market providing necessary leadership and focus to the frontline workforce. Partner with Workforce Experience Manager to foster and promote a positive work environment for all employees through active leadership, self and team, and regular open, two-way communication. Creates an environment where innovative ideas from all team members are welcome, reviewed and actioned. Ultimately accountable for implementing and driving a safety culture. Employee Development- Responsible for driving a strong culture of leadership development with consistent standards and approaches to talent assessment. Ensures Development Plans are in place, acted upon, regularly reviewed and completed by all exempt employees and high potential hourly employees. Partners with Human Resources on development activities and workshops to address the key competencies required for success in each role and to support individual development plans. Partner with HR Business Partner to ensure talent is reviewed regularly and successors identified for all exempt roles. Qualifications Business Expertise: 7 to 15 years’ experience leading/managing in a customer focused service industry Undergraduate degree required; technical degree preferred: engineering, economics, finance, business (equivalent experience will be considered) Graduate degree preferred Previous experience in a matrix management organization Previous sales experience strongly preferred Previous experience managing client accounts, developing client relationships and maintaining a high degree of client retention. Strong P&L experience of similar scope and size Strong business and financial acumen Demonstrated ability to build short and long-term business plans Ability to work with all levels of the organization Leadership: Ability to provide active/hands on leadership over all aspects of Iron Mountain’s business lines in assigned markets. Ensure Iron Mountain’s core values are upheld throughout the market. Proven experience in setting strategy, vision, tone, and culture for the Market that are in line with the Regional goals. Demonstrated ability in driving initiatives and new products/services within market. Financial Acumen: Solid understanding of financial statements and how to use the data to make business decisions. Analyze activity trends and pipelines to forecast activity and labor requirements. Understand the impact of price and deal structure on the bottom-line. Decision Making: Ability to provide quality of service and tradeoff between performance, economics and profitability. Demonstrated success in handling various situations such as: Customer Related Issues, Service Issues, market issues and Human Resources Issues. Solid understanding and proven ability to lead/manage profitability performance of market and making changes to ensure success. Problem Solving: Proven ability to understand customer challenges and work with operations and sales teams to develop win-win solutions. Ability to adjust strategic plan and change course in the event key goals may be missed. People/Team Development: Demonstrated ability to implement development plans that result in the growth of employee skills and abilities. Track record of preparing employees for promotion, taking on additional responsibility and leading teams to greater levels of performance and success. Skilled at succession planning. Nature of Impact: Solid understanding and proven ability of increasing performance through leveraging of labor, driving price and driving growth. Ability to drive top line revenue and bottom line profit. Must have ability to communicate all products and services to internal and external customers. Allocation of Time: Business Development 50% Financial and Operational Planning/Leadership 20% Culture/Employee Development 15% Travel Time/Admin/Internal Meetings, Calls 15% Compliance Obligations: It is the responsibility of every Iron Mountain employee: to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and company policies to exhibit ethical behavior in accordance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct to complete required training within the allotted time frame