Job: IT/Information Systems Primary Location: United States-California-US-CA-Sunnyvale Schedule: Full-time Requisition ID: 181214 Description Company Description: Who is Intuitive Surgical? The numbers tell an amazing story. Learn more about our company. Joining Intuitive Surgical means joining a team dedicated to using technology to benefit patients by improving surgical efficacy and decreasing surgical invasiveness, with patient safety as our highest priority. Primary Function of Position: This position assists with performing analysis, classifications, setting up controls around structured and unstructured data with management of electronic file system. Responsible for protecting company information from unauthorized access or modification. Responsibilities: This position has responsibility and authority for: Responsible for establishing end to end processes around access to information. Work with business stakeholders and managers to understand their data and data flows of files and information. Identify information owners and educate them on their roles and responsibilties in management of their data. Capable to classify the data as public, sensitive, or confidential, according to its needs within the organization. Analyze how users create, consume, and share data. Identify and propose solutions for managing associated risks. Establish controls to ensure data retention, backup and other related processes adher to company policies. Administer and analyze change logs for internal shares and provide response from IT Security’s perspective. Ensure permissions across various internal shares and electornic file systems are setup complying to internal policies. Establishing and monitoring across systems and user types. Setup audit controls along with review process for business critical data. Manage and administer electronic file system applications. Ensuring data is stored in appropriate systems or security zones based on classification. Ability to setup policies and content controls based on business requirements. Use current tools/capbilities and develop reports/dashboards based on management needs. Establish and maintain strong working relationship with Infrastructure, Operations and other IT teams. Qualifications Requirements: Minimum of 3 years of experience and a Bachelor’s degree in a technical related field (or additional related experience). Strong understanding in the different pillars of information security. Possess the relationship skills, cultural awareness, and organizational prowess required to work effectively in a large, highly-matrixed organization. Capable of delivering results through a position of influence. Adept at communicating complex concepts to diverse audiences with varying skills sets Communication skills are critical. Must be able to communicate with the technology providers as well as with business leaders. An ability to understand the technical details and communicate the essentials at a high level is essential Experience with IT audit/assessment/examination: SOX, FDA, etc. Preferred Qualifications: Experience supporting applications such as BOX, Sailpoint’s SIQ and Varonis. Experience working as a business analyst supporting enterprise applications. Professional certification(s) a plus (e.g. CompTIA Security, CISSP, CISM, CISA, CCIE, etc.) Experience with IT audit/assessment/examination: SOX, FDA, ISO 27K, NIST, etc. Demonstrated experience teaming with business and IT stakeholders to deliver projects In-depth internal control knowledge of core IT technologies and processes. We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws. LI-AC2