Job Overview The Systems Administrator is responsible for provisioning, installation, configuration, operation and maintenance of servers, networking devices, backup/disaster recovery solutions, and computer assets, and assists in managing the agency’s network in collaboration with other members of the Network Operations team. Providing high quality customer service, the position ensures that all IT systems and equipment issues are resolved in a timely manner. This position may require selected candidate to occasionally work outside of normal business hours. Key Responsibilities _Network Responsibilities:_ Manages administration, support, and maintenance of Microsoft Windows server infrastructure, including cloud-based solutions (Office 365, Azure, etc.). Configuration and maintenance of backup and disaster recovery solutions. Responsible for maintaining as close to 100% uptime of all network resources as possible. Diagnoses and repairs network hardware and software problems for all departments. Develops and implements policies, procedures and protocols for network and computer maintenance, operation, purchases, and use. Performs special projects assigned by supervisor. _Support Responsibilities:_ Along with other members of the Network Division, provides desktop support to all staff. Provides servicing, repair, and upgrades for all agency networks and computers. Analyzes and evaluates current and future computer, network, and data needs for agency. Recommends, designs, and implements network projects. Creates, organizes and communicates lessons learned and best practices documentation. _Administrative Responsibilities:_ Recommends and assists with purchasing of computer and networking hardware and software. Oversees planning, organizing, and coordination of all computer and network-related training. Develops relations with vendors, keeping current on developments in hardware, software, and training. Develops and maintains accurate IT equipment tracking systems. _And, other duties as assigned._ Education and Knowledge, Skills and Abilities _Education and Experience_ Required: BA or BS in technical field and 3-5+ years’ experience or 6-8+ years’ work experience in a technical desktop/network support position. Working experience administering Windows Server 2008/2012/2016 networks, Exchange 2010/2013/2016, Office 365 and SharePoint. Working experience creating and managing virtual servers using Microsoft Hyper-V. Working experience with Active Directory, including creating Group Policy. Valid CA Driver’s license and vehicle. Frequent visits to our facilities in the San Francisco Bay area, occasional travel to the Santa Clara, San Mateo and Contra Costa sites. Proven project management/requirements gathering experience. Working experience managing backup and disaster recovery solutions. Working experience troubleshooting and repairing network, computer hardware and software related technical issues. Working experience configuring and installing network operating systems. _Desired:_ B.A. or B.S. in Computer Science, Information Technology or similar. MCSE or MCSA or progress towards them or alternative certification. Powershell Knowledgeable in more advanced networking, switching, VLANS, routing, network monitoring, command line configuration, etc. SQL experience. _Skills and Abilities_ _Required:_ Good interpersonal skills and ability to work as a team player. Ability to work cooperatively and effectively as part of interdisciplinary team and independently assume responsibility. Ability to logically breakdown complex problems to identify root causes and create sequential, actionable resolution tasks. Ability to thoroughly document lessons learned, trouble ticket resolutions, and technical training materials. Excellent organization skills and ability to multitask and juggle multiple priorities Strong problem-solving skills. Ability to communicate highly technical information in a clear, concise manner to non-technical users. High degree of accuracy and attention to detail. Ability to communicate effectively on the telephone. Ability to complete complex technical tasks under pressure. Ability to recognize and resolve data entry problems as they occur. Professionalism, punctuality, flexibility and reliability are imperative. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills. Integrity to handle sensitive information in a confidential manner. Action oriented. Outstanding ability to follow-through with tasks. Strong initiative and enthusiasm and willingness to pitch in whenever needed. Able to communicate well at all levels of the organization including working with organization leadership and high-level representatives of partner organizations. Able to work within a frequently changing project scope while maintaining overall direction and structured priorities. _Desired:_ Bilingual. _Background Clearance_ _Required:_ Must not be on active parole or probation. _Knowledge_ _Required:_ Culturally competent and able to work with a diverse population. Strong proficiency with Microsoft Office applications.