The Position This trainee classification works under close supervision participating in training work leading to progressively responsible tasks in the Police Communications Bureau. Essential functions of the job include, but are not limited to, the following: Receives, identifies and accurately evaluates emergency and routine calls for police services, routes 911 calls for Fire and EMS services, refers calls to other agencies and makes required notifications as appropriate. Monitors and maintains the status of all police personnel and units as to location and availability. Determines appropriate personnel and equipment to be dispatched using voice radio and computer aided dispatch system. Relays, follows, repeats and remembers complex oral and written instructions, information and directions. Uses established policies & procedures, independent judgment, common sense and reason to make rapid and accurate decisions to achieve an effective initial or alternate course of action in dispatching police resources. Performs multiple, routine and complex dispatch tasks simultaneously. Responds calmly and effectively in emergency and stress situations. Develops speed and accuracy in performing job duties & responsibilities, including operating radio consoles, computer terminals and associated communications equipment, performing minor maintenance as required. Effectively communicates and coordinates in a teamwork environment with co- workers, other agencies, departments and the public, exercising strong customer service and group dynamic skills. Possesses a high level of awareness to all dispatch center activity and effectively anticipates and plans for probable tasks which will require immediate action. Works with geography/street files and reads maps, manuals, notebooks, memorandums, legal resources, policies & procedures and posted information. Monitors multiple police, fire and emergency radio frequencies. Initiates, receives and interprets information from various law enforcement computerized database systems. Monitors facility security and various alarm systems. Performs research and clerical work such as preparation of logs, reports, forms and update of information and files in a timely manner. Studies, reviews, and trains in communications and police department operations to develop a complete and accurate concept and understanding of the nature of police work. Performs assigned and needed cleaning and maintenance duties to center facilities. Assumes responsibility for ensuring the duties of this position are performed in a safe, efficient manner. Performs other related duties as assigned or as the situation requires. Minimum Requirements Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Skill in: Resourcefulness and organization, initiative and self motivation. Ability to: Accept close supervision, criticism and/or discipline and work within an established chain of command organizational structure. Accurately assess problems and understand needs & situations. Acquire knowledge of communications rules, regulations, theory, operations, equipment, principles & capabilities, limitations & backup system alternatives. Act in a decisive manner, using good judgment, common sense & reason. Anticipate needs and evaluate alternatives and contingencies. Control conversations, quickly gathering pertinent and relevant information. Deal tactfully and courteously with the public. Develop knowledge of cooperating agency procedures and resources - mutual aid. Exercise tact & diplomacy, striving to promote a positive & cooperative atmosphere. Hear multiple normal level conversations simultaneously, distinguishing between voices and sources to ascertain relevant information quickly and accurately. Learn new information and initiate improvements in technical and procedural areas. Learn police codes, rules, policies & procedures quickly and to interpret them correctly. Learn police equipment and resource capabilities and develop strategy for various types of police responses and emergencies. Maintain emotional stability, patience, loyalty and commitment to the organization. Quickly and accurately follow written and oral instructions. Rapidly & accurately operate complex computerized & mechanical equipment. React quickly, efficiently and calmly in emergencies & stressful situations. Read and discern visual images on a variety of media including multiple computer system's screens. Read and understand street maps, learn and retain a workable knowledge of cities, roadways, landmarks, geography of the City and surrounding jurisdictions. Read, write legibly, spell, comprehend & communicate effectively in English. Speak clearly, distinctly and correctly with good modulation. Take initiative and exercise dependability, maturity and self-confidence. Take notes, organize information & thoughts and develop notebooks, projects, records and reports. Touch type at least 30 words per minute while conversing on telephone and/or radio. Understand, retain and repeat simple and complex oral and written instructions. Use work time properly and productively, producing high quality, accurate work. Work in confined quarters for extended periods of time. Other Characteristics Willingness and Ability to: Work rotating shifts, including nights, weekends and holidays. Willingness to: Actively participate in an extensive, comprehensive on the job training program. Assume responsibility for maintaining a safe working environment. Attend training classes in communications and Police Department procedures. Work overtime as requested or in emergencies. Experience Some general clerical experience involving public contact is desirable. Education/Training Graduation from high school or attainment of GED or CHSPE certificate. License(s)/Certification(s) Valid California Class C driver's license. Desirable Qualifications Bilingual English/Spanish and/or English/Armenian. Prior experience in two way radio operation in a public safety emergency communications dispatch system. Special Conditions Smoking is not permitted inside police facilities or vehicles or while in uniform. Requires wearing uniforms, headsets and working in a closely situated work area. Note An equivalent combination of experience, education and/or training may substitute for the listed minimum requirements. Selection Process Entry-level examination - Veteran's Credit Awarded. All applicants must complete the supplemental application in order to be considered for the position. NOTE: If you respond "No" to any of the items on the supplemental application, you may be disqualified for the recruitment. The examination will consist of an evaluation, supplemental application, written examination, performance exam and an oral examination, with the evaluation, supplemental application, written exam and performance exam as qualifying steps and the oral examination worth 100%. The written examination will be a video based test designed to simulate dispatching duties and tasks and assess the applicant's ability to perform these tasks. The performance test will assess the candidate's ability to type at least 30 word per minute net. Please note that only the top scoring applicants, with a passing score of at least 70.00% from the written exam, will advance to the next phase of the selection process. All applications, resumes and submitted reference materials will be reviewed and evaluated, and only the most highly qualified applicants will be selected to participate in the selection process. The evaluation will be based on the candidate's education, experience and overall preparation for this position. Any examination will be to evaluate the candidate's education, experience, knowledge and skills for the position. The City of Glendale reserves the right to modify the above-stated examination components and/or weights. Should this be necessary, the candidates will be notified of the specific examination components and weights prior to the administration of any examination. TIME AND PLACE OF THE EXAMINATION WILL BE ANNOUNCED. The City of Glendale conforms with State and Federal obligations to make reasonable accommodation for applicants and employees with disabilities. The Human Resources Department asks that it be advised of special needs at least five days prior to the first test part so that a reasonable accommodation may be made. The provisions of this bulletin do not constitute an express or implied contract. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, the City of Glendale requires that all new employees provide documentation to establish both work authorization and identity.