Job Title Sr. Data Analytics Manager Job Description In this role, you have the opportunity Build the strategy and execute the plan to bringing data to the front of the Oral Healthcare Business. You are responsible for Develops and implements the Sonicare data Strategy. Manages the team of data analysts. Manages the budget for data analysis. Drives analysis of large IoT data streams using multiple reporting systems including Adobe Marketing Cloud. Coordinates KPIs reporting to senior management. Driving incremental product improvement recommendations based on data analysis. Collaborates with the product manager to develop new features. Key sparring partner of global markets on localization of data strategy & local market data needs. Deep dive on platform quality issues and recommending focus items for quality improvement sprints. Support of the Platform new value space initiative with structural and ad-hoc analysis. Participates in Resource Planning Events to support planning for sprints for product development. You are a part of Philips Sonicare a global leader in Power Toothbrush and a leading player in the broader field of Oral Healthcare. We have launched the world’s leading global Oral Healthcare Connected Platform and driven significant consumer interest and downloads. We are actively developing the platform to further increase consumer relevance, downloads, retention and monetization. To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience: Master’s degree 5+ years of experience in data strategy & analytics role Experience in data analytics environment, with IoT background a plus Familiarity with working in a Safe Agile Framework (SAFE) environment Experience in global business environment and working in multinational/global teams Experience in development of data strategy Excellent analytical skills Collaborative mindset Proficient in working with Adobe Marketing Cloud, Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint. Some knowledge of , R programming language preferred In return, we offer you As a Senior Data Analytics Manager, you will provide key support in marketing within our Oral Healthcare Business. We also believe that we are at our best as a company when you are at yours as a person. Thus, we offer competitive health benefits, a flexible work schedule and access to local well-being focused activities. Why should you join Philips? Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. Learn more by watching this video. To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions. Philips is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, creed, citizenship, disability, protected veteran or marital status. As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance. LI-PH1 Contact If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips.com. (Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)