We are looking for Data Quality and Metadata Consultant. This is a client facing role & the candidate will have regular interactions with various client managers. Responsibilities: Setup the enterprise wide data governance framework for the customer Collaborate with senior business stakeholders to understand the current data governance process and data quality challenges Document the current state and to be state data governance framework Establish the data governance procedure and processes for the overall management and integrity of organization Basic Qualifications: Should be well versed with all the functionality of Collibra Data Governance. Technical Skills required: Java/Groovy/API’s/JSON/REST Web services/Strong SQL background for Data Quality initiatives. Job Location : Foster City, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 27 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.