Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? The successful candidate will have strong technical acumen and experience in developing reporting infrastructures and flexible front-end tools. The candidate will also have strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. While we are looking for a business intelligence engineer, we will also consider business intelligence analyst candidates with the right skill sets. Responsibilities Conduct deep dive analyses of business growth opportunities and formulate conclusions and recommendations to be presented to senior leadership. Produce written recommendations and insights for key stakeholders that will help shape effective strategies to better meet our customers’ needs. Build solutions to have maximum scale and self-service ability by stakeholders. Improve back-end data sources for increased accuracy and simplicity. Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation. Support business with time-critical tactical data analyses. Understand a broad range of Amazon’s data resources and know how, when, and which to use and which not to use. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in math, finance, engineering, statistics, or related discipline is required 3+ years professional experience in web analytics, business analysis, or comparable analytics position. Experience in designing and implementing custom reporting systems by managing or guiding technical teams with tools such as Tableau or Cognos Experience with MS Excel, Access and SQL/SAS Demonstrated experience managing and prioritizing workload and roadmaps Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with AWS solutions such as EC2, DynamoDB, S3, and Redshift. Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Finance, Statistics or a related discipline. Advanced knowledge and expertise with SQL, Linux, Oracle and OLAP and data warehousing concepts. Knowledge and direct experience using business intelligence reporting tools. (OBIEE, Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, MicroStrategy, SSAS Cubes, etc.). Knowledge of scripting for automation (e.g. Python, Perl, Ruby) Solid written and verbal communication skills Lab126 is part of the Amazon.com, Inc. group of companies and is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.