Remote - Full Stack Developer- JAVA, SAP Required: 2 years of experience Minimum Must have an Active Secret Clearance Length of employment 3 years This position is to support our Proposal effort on this project with Start dates of Aug. 1, 20018 Location Remote- but must be in one of the three metropolitan areas. Philadelphia, PA or Alexandria, Va. (Washington DC) or San Antonio, TX Minimum Must have an Active Secret Clearance It takes top-notch people with in-depth experience at solving even the toughest problems. It takes a company where every individual is committed to being the best at what they do. And, it takes a streamlined organization that can react quickly to changing requirements. Perhaps that is why a growing number of high-profile government and commercial clients have found that the talent, experience, and true cost efficiency USIT offers makes us the smart choice. U.S. Information Technologies Corporation (USIT) is a leading US Government Contractor information technology solutions. Our national workforce, brings extensive credentials to projects.. USIT helps clients solve challenging IT problems by leveraging industry best practices and our in-depth technology expertise. We have a simple win-win-win philosophy. USIT offers its employees industry- leading training, benefits, and compensation plans, because we only want to attract and retain the best. You can't hire the best unless you treat them better than anyone else will. Our consultants win because that's what we do. USIT is looking for a Full Stack Developer SAP JAVA to lead our team in support of our DLA customer. Responsible for technical analysis, design, development, testing, and deployment of frontend analytics reporting capabilities and supporting data models. Technologies used include JavaScript, HTML5, SAPUI5, CSS, Microsoft Visual Studio, SAP UI5, and HANA. Key Responsibilities: Work with Client and Teaming Partner team members and executives on the project team |Plan and execute all required process steps as defined in Client methodologies Provide, drive, and model development from simple to high complexity with best practices and performance considerations Analyze, design, code and test data model components development Required: 2 years of experience that is directly related Web Application development OR DW development| SAP UI5/Microsoft Visual Studio/JavaScript/CSS/HTML5 (Novice+) SQL Scripting (Novice+) JavaScript/HTML5 CSS SAP UI5 Development Agile delivery (nice to have) | Agile cert from IC Agile, PMI, Scrum Alliance Active Clearance able to obtain IT-II from client Pay Rate $50 to $60 per hour 1099 Contactor -May be flexible depending on experience FTE (Full-Time Employee) with Benefits $50,000 to $65,000 - Maybe flexible depending on experience USIT is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of USIT U.S. Technologies CJ DICE INDEED