Responsibilities: Coordinate the receipt of laboratory-based tests indicative of HIV infection and/or conditions with a close epidemiological relationship to HIV infection. Import and manage laboratory data within the Enhanced HIV Reporting System (eHARS), while ensuring data security, completeness, and accuracy. Prepare all newly identified infections for investigation, assign to the appropriate surveillance staff, and close out once active investigation is completed. Create and conduct trainings related to updates in the surveillance case investigation process, updates to the Surveillance Case Management (SCaM) database, and updated CDC requirements. Build and create sustained relationships with private and commercial laboratories that are licensed to perform tests indicative of HIV infection in Philadelphia as well as the HIV testing and linkage community. Keep an up-to-date knowledge of each laboratory’s current testing practices through monthly data quality checks, annual laboratory surveys, and conferences with laboratory staff and management. Ensure that all laboratories are in compliance with current Philadelphia HIV reporting regulations and escalate non-compliant facilities and laboratories to AACO program management. Conduct training, education, and follow up with the HIV testing and linkage community, commercial and hospital-based laboratories, and medical facilities on HIV reporting regulations and timelines. Act as the main surveillance contact for all follow up questions, training, and support in completion of the required Adult Case Report form. Receive, process, and assign for investigation all completed Adult Case Report forms from Philadelphia-based Testing and Linkage to Care sites. Follow up directly with sites when incomplete forms are received. Follow up on all incomplete HIV testing algorithm results received by laboratory reporting staff to ensure accuracy in stage of HIV disease. Participate in conference calls with CDC program representatives. Skills: SAS knowledge is strongly preferred but not required Experience: Working knowledge of HIV/AIDS and associated laboratory testing required. Education Requirement: Completion of a Bachelor’s Degree Salary: $45,000 plus benefits