Introduction Allina Health is dedicated to the prevention and treatment of illness and enhancing the greater health of individuals, families and communities throughout Minnesota and western Wisconsin. A not-for-profit health care system, Allina Health cares for patients from beginning to end-of-life through its 90+ clinics, 12 hospitals, 16 pharmacies, specialty care centers and specialty medical services that provide home care, senior transitions, hospice care, home oxygen and medical equipment, and emergency medical transportation services. Allina Health is a vibrant, growing organization with opportunities to suit your professional skills and a diverse work environment to match your specific interests. We believe employees are our greatest asset and are dedicated to helping you develop and maximize your professional skills. The Commons, located in Minneapolis, is the headquarters of Allina Health, a not-for-profit health care organization serving patients and communities. Approximately 1,600 corporate and administrative service employees work at offices within Midtown Exchange, the site of the historic Sears retail complex at Chicago Avenue and E. Lake Street. This community landmark, adjacent to the campus of Abbott Northwestern Hospital, part of Allina Health, is the second largest building in Minnesota and includes offices, an internationally themed public market and residential units. Responsibilities Data management and analysis Database development and administration Assists in performance improvement initiatives through data collection and documentation review Conducts preliminary analysis and identifies opportunities for improvement Coordinates or collects and maintains currency of data for regulatory compliance, such as National Patient Safety Goals and risk monitors Education Bachelor’s degree in statistics, measurement, or related field Qualification/Skills Experience Previous healthcare (quality, risk and/or nursing) experience required Two or more years of work related experience in healthcare. Experience with performance improvement methodology and quality tools highly preferred Experience with Business Objects (Clarity Reports), Excellian and HDM preferred Skills Demonstrated proficiency in Excel, Access, and PowerPoint required Proficient Analytical and Data Management skills, including statistical analysis Ability to translate clinical user requests and requirement into analytical products and output using existing systems Proven facilitation skills and ability to manage multiple change initiatives Detail-oriented with strong organizational, communication/interpersonal and problem solving skills Work Schedule M-F Daytime hours Benefit Eligible No weekends NCT Day shift Location/Community Information Minneapolis boasts being both cosmopolitan yet small enough that you can find a place to call home whether on a lake, golf course, or in an adjoining suburb. With the fast pace of activity there are professional sports, theater, or enough parks for a quiet walk. The area has numerous schools and colleges, both public or private, and enough teams for all weekend athletes to join. Located in Minneapolis Population = 380,000 Service Area = 2,882,245 Community Resource Links: Community Information School Digger Explore Minnesota MN Dept of Education Minneapolis St. Paul Magazine St. Paul Pioneer Press Twin Cities Living Magazine Star Tribune Closing If you are interested in becoming part of our award winning team of professionals, please apply online today. Allina Health is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities to all employees and applicants. EO M/F/Disability/Vet Employer.