The Mayor?s Office of Operations oversees the daily operations of City agencies, coordinates City initiatives, and assists agencies in improving service quality and delivery. The Strategic Management Team manages projects of significance to the Mayor and City Hall senior staff. These projects focus on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of intra- and inter-agency operations. The Strategic Management team supports the work of Operations staff on these projects through analyses and technology solutions. The successful candidate will serve as a Data and Process Analyst reporting to the Mayor?s Office of Operations. Responsibilities will include: ? Conduct analyses to discover useful insight into a wide range of subjects, suggesting conclusions, making recommendations for improvement, and supporting evidence- based decisions; ? Create data visualizations to communicate complex ideas; ? Manage the assessment of opportunities and determine the analytical approaches to complex business problems; ? Oversee the development, testing, implementation and maintenance of statistical models; ? Advocate the use of data to improve decision-making and promote standards and best practices when working with data; ? Prepare senior level reports for executive management; ? Work alongside agency partners to identify project opportunities, build an analytical community, and ensure adoption of analytical tools and processes;? Maintain regular communication with the user base of citywide analytical tools about training opportunities, system changes, and new programs. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties described above; or 2. High school graduation or equivalent and six years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties as described above; or 3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least one year of experience as described in "1" above. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate should possess the following: ? A Bachelor?s and/or Master?s Degree, in addition to 2 years+ of professional experience; ? Experience which demonstrates a proven record of providing analytical and/or technical assistant for complex, interdisciplinary projects involving multiple stakeholders; ? Experience mediating among groups with competing perspectives and implementing projects that improve operational efficiency preferred; ? An understanding of urban issues, especially New York City government and current city affairs/politics; ? An understanding of New York City s operational agencies; ? Ability to think creatively, embrace new approaches and pioneer innovative solutions to intricate problems; ? Flexibility, multi-tasking capability, and enthusiastic work ethic; ? Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills; ? Advanced knowledge of MS Office (i.e. Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project) To Apply For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID 311094For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID 311094-or-If you do not have access to a computer, please mail resume indicating Job ID to: Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT)Recruitment Office - 2 Metrotech Center - 4th Floor - Brooklyn, NY 11201SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEWAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT Hours/Shift Day Work Location Manhattan, NY Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.