The key responsibilities of the role include: The Funding Associate Consultant is responsible for assisting the client servicing teams throughout the onboarding of new clients by coordinating the transition of assets from prior institutions to Northern. Client Implementation & Transition Services (CITS) is a central support group for both Wealth Management and Corporate & Institutional client servicing teams with the capability to deliver an array of processing efficiencies, ensuring best practice and a consistent client/partner experience. The CITS Account Funding Team is responsible for delivering middle office services to Wealth Management throughout the onboarding of new business, life cycle and client restructure events; facilitating communication and information flow between/among partner groups and outside parties. Serve as the single point of contact between Wealth Management client servicing teams, internal operational areas and external institutions. The individual will facilitate the onboarding of assets from the prior custodian to Northern for accounts initiated through BPM or eRM Case Management. Establish an effective working relationship with the client servicing teams (Wealth Strategists, Relationship Administrators & Associates, and CSS), CITS, other internal partner areas and external institutions to ensure a positive client experience. Provide consultative support; serve as a source of downstream processing and standards for onboarding and re-registration of assets. Collaborate with Enterprise Operations, NFS, DTCC, and external institutions to expedite the asset transfer. Review legal documents and ensure all of the assets, associated income and other activity held at the prior custodians are reconciled and collected within the service level standards established by the division. Research any issues related to the transition event and follow up with corrective action. Obtain Tax Cost statement from the prior institution and coordinate with the Tax Cost Group to ensure lot details are properly updated. Perform at or above the Client Implementation & Transition Services performance standards. For more than a century, Northern Trust has worked hard building our legacy of outstanding service, expertise and integrity. From a Chicago-based bank founded in 1889, we now have more than 20 international locations and 18,100 employees globally. We serve the world’s most-sophisticated clients – from sovereign wealth funds and the wealthiest individuals and families, to the most-successful hedge funds and corporate brands. We burnished our reputation as a global leader delivering innovative investment management, asset and fund administration, fiduciary and banking solutions enabled by sophisticated, leading technology. And through it all, we continually laid a solid, forward-looking foundation on which future generations can continue growing and achieving greater. As of June 30, 2018, Northern Trust Corporation had: $135 billion in banking assets $8.1 trillion in assets under custody $10.7 trillion in assets under custody/administration $1.1 trillion in assets under management The successful candidate will benefit from having: College/University degree or financial trust and custody services, security industry or other related client servicing experience are preferred. The role will support new business transitions for Wealth Management (PCS, PCA, WA, FIA) so familiarity with asset transition services is preferred. The applicant must demonstrate an understanding of Trust and Custody services, and Legal Agreement/Entity types, usually acquired through formal training or prior experience. Effective interpersonal skills; great verbal/written communication, attention to detail (accuracy), ability to multi-task and prioritize work, time management and organization. Analytical skills are also required to review, resolve and consult on exceptions. General knowledge of the financial service industry and markets, DTCC/ACATS/CBRS as well as Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint are preferred.