Research, plan and maintain the Snowflake online calendar of events including 3rd party industry conferences, Snowflake-driven physical event series, and regional hospitality field events Own and drive logistics and execution of all planned events; help shape event themes, work with outside vendors, oversee fulfillment/inventory levels, manage events’ sales staffing Support Snowflake’s demand generation and sales goals through regional field and industry events Collaborate with the alliances organization on Snowflake’s strategic sponsorships and go-to-market execution plan at partner events Maintain direct alignment with sales team in terms of all pre and post event communication, marketing-driven campaigns, and event promotion strategy Evaluate all event campaigns’ impact and ROI to determine the success and forecast for potential future investment Responsibilities: Plan and execute events within budget Schedule and execute on consistent sales outreach/bi-weekly meetings Maintain email/slack responsivity rate within a 24-hour time period Set goals and define metrics for each event including targeted lead flow Manage internal field and events communication between sales and marketing Support strategic industry events through logistics planning Represent Snowflake to counterparts at partners, vendors, and outside vendors Requirements: Experience in Salesforce, Marketo, Excel, Wordpress High proficiency with office productivity applications (e.g. Microsoft Office, Google Apps) Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Communications, or similar field Experience with supporting enterprise sales teams through a variety of targeted events Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to travel frequently as needed to support in person events, up to 50% travel. 2+ years of experience in event, tradeshow, or field marketing Strong project management, time management, and execution skills Embodies strong organizational skills, ability to anticipate the needs of sales Ability to maintain an optimistic, approachable, and self-starter attitude Demonstrates creative spark as expressed in ideas for messaging, creative design, etc. LI-CB1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.