Mission Web Developer Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Web Developer who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Web Developer. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Creating and modifying software programs throughout various phases of the development lifecycle including design, coding/configuration, test, installation and maintenance. Collaborating with other developers on designs, code reviews, development infrastructure, and process enhancements. Providing estimates and contributing to team planning meetings. Managing competing priorities to meet task or project deliverables and reporting progress on a regular basis. Additional responsibilities of the role include: Active research and learning about new technologies with continuous skill growth and sharing that knowledge with the development team. Qualifications Are You Qualified? Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent 3+ years progressive technical and business experience that included analytical thinking and processes, problem solving, researching and interacting with team members Working knowledge of relational databases and ability to query and modify data Intermediate knowledge of programming principles and techniques Excellent verbal and written communication Solid understanding of established software development life cycle Adaptability to work in a fast-paced environment while working on multiple projects simultaneously Champion and adhere to company best practices Our Primary Technologies: Microsoft Web Technologies (including Web Forms, Web API, MVC, WCF) Microsoft C .NET, Microsoft SQL Server JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, AJAX, and other responsive web design technologies Other technologies where experience or familiarity is helpful Web Service Technologies (SOAP, REST) Advanced parsing of various data exchange formats (XML, JSON, fixed width, delimited, etc.) Unit testing technologies such as NUnit and Mocking Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.