Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Job Description : The Solution Architect supports the Solution teams by providing technical solutioning, scope, activation, and costing. This person’s charter is to support the pre-sales process, working closely with the Solution Team to ensure ATOS is providing the best, most cost effective solution for the customer. From a post-sales support role, this person will ensure the solution designed can be successfully activated. This position will represent our best thinking related to their area of expertise. They will maintain the costing model inputs into finance, while providing expertise to solution customized deals in their areas of expertise. This position owns base-lining activation costing for area of expertise. This is based in Irving, TX. Pre-Sales Support Primary interface with Engagement organization. Responsible for defining assumptions pertaining to design, steady state and activation costing. Provide design, technical scope, project plans, activation plans, SOW, costing for both steady state and activation. Be active in Executive briefings when requested by the Solution team. Customer interface as needed after or during Phase 2 qualification. Vast majority of time will most likely not be in front of clients. Will Provide standard proposal/SOW templates content for “standard” deals. They do not necessarily own modifying the template for the SOW/proposal. Will provide content for their area of expertise into the Solution Teams and Area Sales Teams. Post-Sales Support Work with resource coordinator to identify/secure assignment of activation resources. Communications with regional PM on Solution design, scope, master project plan for activation, SOW, all related pricing assumptions documentation and identification of SME's who will be associated with the project. Transition responsibility to help in the clarification of the scope of service with the Solution Director and Transition PM. Escalation contact SME’s on all design issues. Participate in quarterly steady state account reviews. Requirements Must have a Bachelor or Equivalent Degree. 10+ years demonstrated experience with the design, implementation or support of cloud technologies and hybrid solutions across multiple global locations utilizing Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Windows Azure and/or Amazon Web Services. Must have Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Windows Azure and/or Amazon Web Services certification Expertise in enterprise network or storage & backup architecture a plus. Proven communication skills (written and verbal). Complex or large deal bid experience on national or global basis. Team Building and Team Selling Skills. Negotiating Skills. Detailed IT experience/background. Excellent communication skills (written and verbal). Ability to create and apply costing and pricing concepts. Advanced certification in practice area. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.