Description ~This posting is Open Until Filled. Application review will begin immediately and the hiring manager reserves the right to make a hiring decision at any time, so it will be in your best interest to apply as soon as possible~ Are you ready to work for an agency that truly values customers and staff? At the Department of Enterprise Services (DES), Enterprise Technology Solutions (ETS) division, we are a business driven, customer-focused organization that provides valued products and services to government and state residents. How we differ from most businesses and dare we say other state agencies, is that we offer our employees a culture that emphasizes a strong business partnership, productivity, and not only customer centered, but _HUMAN CENTERED_ , as YOU are just as important as the customers we serve. Who we are looking for: We want someone who is an expert in network architecture and security, has strong leadership skills, and is well rounded when it comes to understanding applications, automation and how they all tie together. Because we are a newly developed team, one of your initial priorities will be to design and implement a secure, highly available network infrastructure. Clearly you need to have the skillset listed below as you will be leading a technical team who support the agency's business applications and provide support for our complex network environment. If you join our team, you will need to be able to hit the ground running in this fast-paced environment. You will collaborate with multiple teams throughout our organization and have constant interaction with customers and business partners. You will be leading a high performing team of skilled IT engineers. Ability to see the big picture and think outside the box is key. You will need to have the ability to think quickly on your feet and balance competing priorities, yet understand impacts of your decisions. We need someone that can take charge and is self-motivated, able to take initiative in resolving complex tasks, but also have Interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate technical specifications and business requirements in plain talk to our customers and stakeholders. _Allow us to explain why you, a skilled professional, would want this unique job:_ If you enjoy working with a high performing team in a fast-paced environment that works incredibly well together and love the idea of being a mentor, constantly challenging yourself, learning new things, If you enjoy staying busy, but like a variety of duties, we promise you won't get bored. And if you want to have fun, you will love working with us. We are at work as much as we are with our families and we want to enjoy what we do and who we do it with. We work hard, but we truly enjoy what we do and we have pride in our work. If this sounds like the opportunity you should not pass up, please apply today! Duties Some of what you will enjoy doing will include: Providing expert level support of IT Systems, network architecture, cloud operations Directing and leading the team in the design and implementation of IT projects Responsible for network platforms supporting our applications, including virtual architecture and advanced knowledge modern routing protocols and layer 3 connectivity Responsible for facilitation and collaboration with DES customers, other state agencies and stakeholders Managing the provisioning of secure and segregated networks for client, applications including life and safety systems in multi-tiered environment Independently managing incidents related to enterprise systems utilizes expert technical skills and experience Leading team in assessment of high impact mission critical infrastructure for the purpose of appropriate sizing, targeting and success criteria, and capacity planning for highly available network in which enterprise applications reside Conducting stakeholder interviews, user interviews Assisting business partners in identifying the need for new policies and procedures to support their new business needs and technology solutions. Managing service interruptions affecting critical lines of business systems, performs root cause analysis, collaborates with multiples teams spanning other agencies and recommends future mitigation alternatives Responsible for mentoring operations staff to ensure availability of dependent business applications and minimize business disruptions Providing leadership and technical guidance to other members of ETS technical teams. Developing purpose-based documentation, which can range from high-level diagrams to highly-technical, detailed system schematics Developing security program and standards around security scanning, endpoint protection, develop and implement auditing best practices for agency systems Collaborating with ETS staff, the DES Policy Shop, and DES Print and Imaging (PNI) to develop policy and procedures to bring DES into compliance with HIPAA and IRS Publication 1075 regulations. Partnering with DES Surplus and leading ETS Network team to achieve PCI compliance documentation required by the Office of the State Treasurer. Managing the network team and priorities on all DES IT projects as the IT Security subject matter expert and perform internal security design reviews as needed. Facilitate the OCS security design review process when necessary. Collaborating with Application Architect in facilitating annual OCIO certification process. Assisting in developing meaningful and appropriate disaster recovery plans for DES essential IT systems and processes. Qualifications REQUIRED: Five years (5) demonstrated information technology experience in: Architecture for complex networks Layer 3 switching and routing, network security, firewall, VPN, packet analysis, designing, installing and maintaining enterprise, highly available systems Advanced skills in IT security; to include but not limited to system compliance, developing a security program, security design elements Experience in managing a team in system planning, core networking and application optimization. Advanced analysis\resolution at the network and application layer. Experience in IT consultation OR An Associate's degree AND Four Years (4) demonstrated information technology experience in IT operations, system analysis, Layer 3 switching and routing and network security Leading a team of it professionals Advance knowledge in IT security Demonstrated experience in managing complex IT projects Advanced analysis\resolution at the network application layer Designing secure, highly available networks OR A Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Systems or related technical/business discipline AND Three (3) Years demonstrated information technology experience in: Leading a team in system planning, core networking and application optimization. Demonstrated experience with layer 3 routing firewalls, and F5 platforms Demonstrated experience in advanced analysis\resolution at the network and application layer. Demonstrated experience in architecting secure networks Experience in IT projects and consultation Experience may substitute for education Supplemental Information Supplemental Information: In addition to completing the online application, applicants must attach the following documents to their profile in order to be considered for this position: A letter of interest , describing how you meet the specific qualifications for this position; A current resume , detailing experience, and education; and A list of at least three (3) professional references with current telephone numbers. READ THE FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS COMPLETELY: The initial screening will be solely based on the contents and completeness of the "duties summary" section of your application in Careers.wa.gov, completeness of the application material submitted, and the supplemental questionnaire. A resume will not substitute for completing the "duties summary" section of the application. Responses to the supplemental questionnaire regarding work experience must be reflected in the "duties summary" section of the application. By submitting materials you are indicating that all information is true and correct. The state may verify information. Any untruthful or misleading information is cause for removal from the applicant pool or dismissal if employed. Prior to any new appointment into the Department of Enterprise Services, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment, but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. VETERAN'S PREFERENCE Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications and wish to claim Veteran's Preference MUST attach a copy of their DD214, or other verification of military service. _Please_ _blackout_ _any personally identifiable data such as social security numbers._ Note: Applicants claiming veteran's preference points must attach the documentation with each on-line application. If you do not provide appropriate documentation to qualify for these preference points, the points will not be awarded. For additional information on Veteran's Preference and guidance on how to determine if you are eligible, click here. _We thank you and are grateful for your service_ Should you have any questions regarding this position or the online application, contact Angie Anderson at (360) 407-8446 or jobs@des.wa.gov The State of Washington is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive culture. We encourage women, veterans, people of color, and persons with disabilities to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, age, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Persons with a disability who need assistance with their application or that need this announcement in an alternative format, may call (360) 664-1960 or toll free (877) 664-1960. TTY users should first call 711 to access the Washington Relay Service _._