Demonstrate solid knowledge of workflow, equipment, facility layouts and troubleshooting practices as they relate to operational assignments. Operate a wide range of assignments and equipment within the studio environment and as indicated by the job title. Conduct quality control procedures and take corrective actions to ensure and/or enhance product. Participation in training programs, (physical, classroom, virtual, etc.) for personal career development, new equipment and/or workflow changes within the operation. Understand complex information and disseminate it to proper personnel. Effectively communicate problem solving efforts, results and solutions. Keep abreast of technology and workflows to create accurate and efficient results in specific assignments or future plans. Organizational, communication and planning skills are required. Comply fully with company and departmental standard operating procedures. Provide quality service to all customers, as defined and assigned by management. Share information and offer solutions to standard workflows and system problems. Initiate productive interactions with coworkers and clients. Together, complete the expected assignments based on timelines and pre-determined guidelines. As necessary, participate in team based projects and contribute recommendations towards departmental objectives. Supports ESPN Domestic networks, including Deportes, as well as all ESPN International networks. A minimum of two years of practical TV Production or related experience. Candidates must have good computer background (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc...) and solid communication skills. Demonstrates sound communication with timely follow up and problem solving Ability to work nights, weekends, and holidays. Flexibility to alter shifts/days off to accommodate projects and departmental objectives. Candidates must be able to lift a minimum of 50 lbs and be able to see color. Solid understanding of workflow in other business units, including their impact and/or specific integration with Production Operations. Must demonstrate ability to perform tasks under tight deadlines, work independently and lead simultaneous projects. Organizational, efficiency and planning skills are required. Must be willing and able to adapt to a constantly changing environment. ​ Bilingual (written and spoken) in both English and Spanish High School Diploma or Equivalent Bachelor's Degree in Communications, Studio Production, Journalism, or related field Vocational School or related experience ESPN Production Operations is a unit within the Production division of ESPN Content. Our staff comprises Network Control, Edit, Studio, Production Control Rooms, Media Operations, Operations Specialists, Facility Resources and Business Operations. Production Operations staffs the operational positions (camera, editing, master control, technical directing, etc.) that support domestic and international studio and event programming and network operations. This position is based in Los Angeles, California. The Studio Operator must be proficient in the use of all broadcast equipment and technology within assigned operating areas, including but not limited to; camera jib systems, camera stabilization systems, high definition studio cameras, pedestals and lenses, camera control units, color correction, studio routing, server based playback devices, studio lighting, PC and console based lighting boards, robotic camera operation, remote video conferencing systems, virtual technology, and general studio awareness. 580660