Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Server/Back-Up Architect offers the following background: Extensive knowledge of storage, server, and blade technology, processes, industry expertise and consultative sales skills to assess and educate customers on value of storage infrastructure and management. Engage with Sales Team for Pre-Sales Consultative selling and post sales implementation. Works with the sales team to architect, design, and implement complex storage, server, and blade solutions including performing customer white-boarding. Build in-depth knowledge of clients' technical and business priorities, challenges and initiatives that can be translated into Storage and Virtualization solution opportunities. Perform complex analysis of storage, backup and DR environments under limited supervision Provide primary escalation contact for operations issues Review monthly financial and operational reports and metrics Overall Account Governance and customer relationship management Assist Client with contract management to the extent required pursuant to the Agreement Monitor Service Level performance and coordinate Service improvement plans Serve as the contact for definition and approval of Additional Services Respond to Client requirements with the integration of appropriate Resources Coordinate Client Service Requests and new service opportunities Attend and conduct regularly scheduled status and review meetings 10+ years - Customer IT Service Delivery Experience Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.