Do you know how to problem solve for a win-win outcome? So do we. Information Security Business Analyst Wilmington, DE Working together to creative positive outcomes for clients is part of the fabric of working at CSC, and we’re looking for people like you who share our values and commitment. As the world’s leading provider of business, legal, tax, and digital brand services, we use technology to make businesses run smoother and smarter. And as a Information Security Business Analyst, you’ll be doing the same. You will be responsible for working across CSC business units and service areas with the goal to understand Security-related business requirements, translating business requirements to technical requirements, and maintaining communication with all stakeholders. This role involves heavy problem solving, strong technical and analytical skills, research, meeting facilitation, and documentation. What you will do for us Identify and develop strong working relationships with business units and technical partners across the organization Analyze business processes to identify available improvements or gaps in relation to CSC’s security posture Oversee the completion of project tasks; track and resolve impediments effectively Provide project updates and status reports as needed to a wide variety of audiences including senior management with the ability to appropriately identify and report issues or concerns requiring attention or decisions Ensure project deliverables meet the defined scope, are on time, within budget, and at the required level of quality Utilize project artifacts, tools, and templates to communicate progress and capture outcomes, next steps, and decisions What technical skills, experience and qualifications do you need? BA/BS degree in relevant field required; Advanced degree preferred ITIL / ITSM preferred Understanding of Information Security and/or IT Infrastructure technologies Knowledge of leading practices for project business analysis and project management Understanding of Agile and Waterfall methodologies Proven background demonstrating extremely high professional standards with a low threshold for errors and inefficiencies Exceptional organizational skills and keen attention to detail Ability to quickly learn new systems, technology and methods Results driven with the ability to combine strong quantitative foundation with business acumen Strong negotiation, listening and communication skills, both verbal and written History of ability to maintain flexibility, multi-task, and deliver results in a deadline driven environment What we will do for you Enable you to deliver successful solutions that drive business results Provide growth opportunities that utilize your skills and experience Provide excellent benefits for you and your family, including 401(k) with employer match, medical insurance, paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and more Why join us? At CSC®, we’re always looking ahead, finding ways to improve and anticipate the future needs of our customers. Curiosity fuels our innovation and productivity drives our results. This proactive mindset has helped us adapt and create solutions that have enabled businesses to run smoother and smarter for more than 115 years. CSC is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining talented people whose personal values align with ours. We empower our employees to bring the right solutions to market and to meet customer demand s That is why we are the premier provider of global solutions for more than 180,000 businesses. CSC is a great place to work with smart and dedicated people. We have been voted a Top Workplace for 11 consecutive years. We offer challenging work and career opportunities. Most positions are filled with internal moves and employee referrals. Employees are eligible for an annual success sharing bonus recognizing individual performance and a profit sharing bonus based on company performance. CSC offers excellent benefits for you and your family, including 401(k) with employer match, medical/dental/life insurance, spouse and dependent life insurance, paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and more. We recently completed building a new headquarters that supports current and future technology initiatives through open design, sit/stand workstations, digital interface points that enhance teamwork and collaboration, and alternative work environments with wireless access throughout the campus, including our outside work areas. It’s an exciting time for us in terms of growth and expansion. About us CSC is the world’s leading provider of business, legal, tax, and digital brand services to companies around the globe. From keeping your business in compliance and streamlining operations, to protecting and promoting your brand online, we use our expertise and personal approach to help your business run smoother. We are the business behind business. We are the trusted partner for 90% of the Fortune 500®, more than half of the Best Global Brands (Interbrand®), nearly 10,000 law firms, and more than 3,000 financial organizations. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, USA since 1899, we have offices throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. We are a global company capable of doing business wherever our clients are—and we accomplish that by employing experts in every business we serve. CSC is an equal opportunity employer. Disclaimer: The information above describes the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not intended to be a description of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications. Back Share Apply Now