Slalom is a purpose-driven consulting firm that helps companies solve business problems and build for the future, with solutions spanning business advisory, customer experience, technology, and analytics. We partner with companies to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to nearly 5,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2017 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 25 cities across the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Job Title : Advanced Analytics Consultant Responsibilities: Deliver transformative solutions to clients that are aligned to industry best practices and provide thought leadership in data space. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities. Experience with quantitative analysis techniques (e.g., predictive modeling, machine learning, segmentation, optimization, clustering, regression, artificial intelligence) Collaborate and enable business stakeholders with self-service analytics. Highly self-motivated to deliver both independently and with strong team collaboration. Ability to creatively take on new challenges and work outside comfort zone. Strong written and oral communications along with presentation and interpersonal skills. Conduct and support white-boarding sessions, workshops, design sessions, and project meetings as needed, playing a key role in client relations. Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and analytics techniques. Qualifications: Quantitative background with 4-7 years of experience using data to solve problems and answer questions Experience with ETL and manipulation of Data Experience with Python, R, SAS, or other advanced analytics platform. Experience with Data Cleansing tools such as Python or SQL Knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practices Some experience using Tableau, Qlik, or Power BI. Familiarity with advanced analytics techniques for unstructured data is a plus. _Slalom Is An Equal Opportunity Employer And All Qualified Applicants Will Receive Consideration For Employment Without Regard To Race, Color, Religion, Sex, National Origin, Disability Status, Protected Veteran Status, Or Any Other Characteristic Protected By Law._