We are extremely excited to launch the mobilization of new squad members to the colors of Do IT. We are summoning a talented, motivated and eager to fight new challenges Full Stack JavaScript developer (React, Node). Our client is one of the oldest and highest ranked American entertainment companies and is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA). The company owns many film production studios worldwide and thus has a huge library of movies. Our client is known as one of only a couple of companies to release more than one billion-dollar films during the same year. This client’s requirement is to implement the project that covers both frontend and server parts of the platform enabling the users to watch movies online or download them to local storage for future watching. The platform employs extensive search, sorting and filtering functionality to prevent users from getting lost in a multiplicity of visuals. Desktop player and Web application are the part of the project, as well. We accepted our client’s request as an honorary task, and want to make our best to ensure the final product is a top notch solution. Specifically for that reason, we are expanding our squad with highly professional and skilled developers who would like to apply their programming expertise and skills in practice and climb up a new level of the career. As such, you would be responsible for developing new and improving existing products to match the customers’ needs and requirements. Your tasks and responsibilities may include: development and support of graphical interfaces; support of the existing solutions; assurance of technical feasibility of UI/UX designs; building of Web projects from scratch; building of a server-side applications; We expect that you will bring the following expertise and experience with you: 2+ years of industry software engineering experience; Experience with React.js; Experience with Node.js; Good knowledge of HTML5, CSS; Experience with Redux; Knowledge of the Git version control system; High level of spoken English. We will have additional joy if you have: Experience with Electron framework; Experience in implementing unit tests in JavaScript using Karma, Jasmine, Jest, Mocha etc.; Experience with such Web technologies as Java, Ruby, PHP; Experience with other JS frameworks; Passion for learning new technologies and self-education; Portfolio with your interesting projects. Who are you We believe that true passion to what you do makes you a true professional in what you do. We respect and value such people, people who show their desire to improve and grow, people who always try to squeeze all the best of them. Your professional skills and experience certainly are of a high importance, but these should be backed by your personality and itching for the improvement. We are in need of a team player meaning a person who is ready to be a part of a larger community unit, share responsibility for the work, be not afraid of the problems and be ready to solve them in a pragmatic manner, and, of course, who is highly motivated to play hard on this field. We believe you are a well- organized, efficient person able to set proper priorities and needing no «magical kick» to focus on the issue. What we offer Work in the young, friendly and supportive team Perfectly equipped and cozy office with multiple lounge zones in the historical center of the city Family-like relationship within the team and direct communication with international clients Personal development and professional growth Competitive salary, paid vacation Team building activities (corporate parties, joint movie and football watching in the office) English lessons with native speaker to bring your English to a next level Coffee, tea, cakes and candies About Do IT Do IT is an international custom software development company with offices in the Great Britain, Cyprus and Ukraine, providing our customers with top quality software solutions. Our services cover custom software development for healthcare, banking, gaming, entertainment, lifestyle and many more areas of the business and personal life. We strive to help other businesses and individuals increase their value on the market through making them digitally present. That means we are crafting their software products to match most recent market trends. Overall, we are a solid team of highly skilled and passionate professionals who have fallen in love with what we do. If this description matches what you think about yourself, feel free to send us your CV with a brief promo of yourself. We will evaluate those and set up an interview in a short time. Have fun and send us your CV!