What you will do Under direct supervision, tracks and provides direct support for the installation contract business. Actively participates in accounts receivable, accounts payable and financial activities, such as contract scheduling, revenue goals, billings, collections, and subcontract processing. Provides back up customer call handling, as needed. Provides administrative, day to day support in the operational areas. How you will do it 1\. Answers any customer/subcontractors inquiries and resolves or escalates customer issues, as appropriate. 2\. Updates project/labor schedules as required by project owner. 3\. Runs query reports, researches and reconciles unaligned costs, such as labor hours, material purchases, expenses and other operations related transactions. Performs necessary cost transfers. 4\. Prepare and submit billings. Completes any additional documentation required for billing, i.e. certified payroll. 5\. Reconciliation of accounts payable exceptions as necessary. Assist installation teams as needed to reach revenue goals, which may include contacting vendors. 6\. Researches, resolves or escalates accounts receivable disputes as outlined in the escalation process. Works with Accounts Receivables contact to assist with resolution of A/R issues. Determines appropriate actions for timely resolution. If needed, will interact with Customer to resolve receivable issues. Processes invoice credits and rebills, as necessary. Proactively contacts customers ensure customer satisfaction and a commitment to pay. Maintains notes within appropriate systems. 7\. Updates and retains customer account information related to special billing conditions, tax status, invoice approval contacts, billing addresses and special billing rates up-to-date. 8\. Support subcontract process including insuring all documentation has been provided to meet safety requirements and any bonds are received and lien wavers are provided per contract requirements. 9\. Assist COAs in resolution of issues. 10\. Provide additional operations administration support, as required. Qualifications What we look for Required High school diploma or equivalent, plus one to two years of related work experience, preferably within a service / sales, or technical work environment. Must have strong interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with both internal and external clients. Must have the ability to simultaneously handle a large and diverse number of projects, tasks and issues with tact, cooperation, and persistence. Preferred Associate’s degree Ability to prioritize work activities based upon financial impact to desired business goals. Experience and/or basic project accounting or costing principals is desired. Proficient computer skills within the following applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, ACCESS, Desktop Publishing and Internet business application usage. Demonstrate the ability to perform work independently and demonstrate solid organizational and attention to detail skills. Who we are Johnson Controls is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit www.johnsoncontrols.com/tomorrowneedsyou. Job Field Operations Primary Location US-PA-Plymouth Meeting Organization Bldg Technologies & Solutions Overtime Status - Non-exempt