Overview Senior Analytics Consultant EXL (NASDAQ:EXLS) is a leading operations management and analytics company that helps businesses enhance growth and profitability in the face of relentless competition and continuous disruption. Using our proprietary, award-winning Business EXLerator Framework™, which integrates analytics, automation, benchmarking, BPO, consulting, industry best practices and technology platforms, we look deeper to help companies improve global operations, enhance data-driven insights, increase customer satisfaction, and manage risk and compliance. EXL serves the insurance, healthcare, banking and financial services, utilities, travel, transportation and logistics industries. Headquartered in New York, New York, EXL has more than 24,000 professionals in locations throughout the United States, Europe, Asia (primarily India and Philippines), Latin America, Australia and South Africa. EXL Analytics provides data-driven, action-oriented solutions to business problems through statistical data mining, cutting edge analytics techniques and a consultative approach. Leveraging proprietary methodology and best-of- breed technology, EXL Analytics takes an industry-specific approach to transform our clients’ decision making and embed analytics more deeply into their business processes. Our global footprint of nearly 2,000 data scientists and analysts assist client organizations with complex risk minimization methods, advanced marketing, pricing and CRM strategies, internal cost analysis, and cost and resource optimization within the organization. EXL Analytics serves the insurance, healthcare, banking, capital markets, utilities, retail and e-commerce, travel, transportation and logistics industries. Please visit www.exlservice.com for more information about EXL Analytics. Responsibilities Ability to work, implement and re use existing ML models or open source model Effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions Work with Big Data infrastructure and Big Data components - Map Reduce, Hive, Spark etc Emphasis is on end-to-end delivery of analysis and guiding junior staff Contribute to how analytical approach is structured for specification of analysis Contribute insights from conclusions of analysis that integrate with initial hypothesis and business objective. Independently address complex problems Participate in design of analysis and modeling approach with managers and modelers Extremely comfortable working with data, including managing large number of data sources, analyzing data quality, and pro-actively working with client’s data/ IT teams to resolve issues Use variety of analytical tools (SAS, CART, SPSS etc.) and techniques (regression, logistic, GLM, decision trees, machine learning, artificial intelligence etc.) to carry out analysis and drive conclusions Reformulate highly technical information into concise, understandable terms for presentations Qualifications Master’s or Bachelor's degree in math, statistics, economics, computer engineering or related analytics field from top-tier universities with strong record of achievement. 5+ years of Infrastructure or engineering and/or architecture experience in a complex environment, such as: large scale infrastructure 3+ years of knowledge of Machine Learning workflows, pipelines and engines Experience with Anomaly detection, pattern matching with capability to correlate business solution to ML algorithms is strongly preferred Very strong analytical skills with the demonstrated ability to research and make decisions based on the day-to-day and complex customer problems required What we offer: EXL Analytics offers an exciting, fast paced and innovative environment, which brings together a group of sharp and entrepreneurial professionals who are eager to influence business decisions. From your very first day, you get an opportunity to work closely with highly experienced, world class analytics consultants. You can expect to learn many aspects of businesses that our clients engage in. You will also learn effective teamwork and time-management skills - key aspects for personal and professional growth Analytics requires different skill sets at different levels within the organization. At EXL Analytics, we invest heavily in training you in all aspects of analytics as well as in leading analytical tools and techniques. We provide guidance/ coaching to every employee through our mentoring program wherein every junior level employee is assigned a senior level professional as advisors. Sky is the limit for our team members. The unique experiences gathered at EXL Analytics sets the stage for further growth and development in our company and beyond. "EOE/Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabilities" EEO Statement EEO/Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabilities