Sanitarian I or Environmental Protection Specialist I (understaffed Sanitarian I) - - The majority of inspections will be conducted in the North Texas and DFW area in Region 2/3 and surrounding areas under the direct supervision of the Food North Group Manager (Surveillance Section/Consumer Protection Division). Inspects 40+ types of food manufacturers including the following kinds of processors: low acid canned foods, acidified food processors, pasteurized juice, cheese, aseptic foods, bottled water, seafood, dietary supplements, bottling plants (wine, beer, soft drinks), bakeries, re-packers, warehouses, salvage firms, and many other types of manufacturers for which the Division is responsible for compliance with the Texas Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the Good Manufacturing and Warehousing regulations. Investigates illegal activities involving food manufacturers, warehouses, re-packers, etc. Responds to complaints, truck wrecks, and disasters involving food and drug products. Collects necessary photos, samples, exhibits; and prepares highly technical written reports documenting inspectional findings. Uses initiative and independent judgment in performing duties. Employee actively participates and/or serves in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations in response and/or recovery in Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Essential Job Functions: Performs inspections and investigations of food and drug manufacturing, distribution, and salvage operations. Provides information and assistance on food and drug related subjects as requested by citizens, regulated industry, and other local, state, and federal agencies. Prepares highly technical inspection reports that may include photos, samples, and other exhibits to document inspectional findings using word processing, database, and other computer software. Completes administrative duties such as: travel reimbursement requests, monthly activity reports, training reports as applicable, and other Unit and Agency documents and reports as required. Participates in available educational programs and training (training locations can be located out-of-state). Safe operation of either a state-owned or personal vehicle is required to conduct state business and acceptable driving record must be maintained in accordance with DSHS Policy OS-3901, Fleet Operations and Management & Procedures and standards developed by the Texas Department of Public Safety. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Incumbent must have knowledge of the theory and practical applications of disciplines to include, but not limited to, microbiology, biology, biochemistry, chemistry, epidemiology, statistics, thermodynamics, nutrition, and food toxicology. Thorough knowledge of State and Federal food safety laws and regulations covering the various types of food industry, food processing, food labeling, distribution, including applicable parts of the Code of Federal Regulations, Texas Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, Texas Administrative Code, and the Good Manufacturing Practices Regulations. Knowledge of the technical aspects of inspections of various types of food and drug manufacturing, distribution, and salvaging, the equipment utilized by these facilities, and the equipment for conducting inspections. Must have knowledge and skill in selecting, adapting, and applying investigative methods and negotiating techniques in order to conduct complete and professional inspections. Mature judgment must be used to make decisions in the field and to plan how the investigation should proceed to resolve difficult and sensitive situations. Must have proficient written communication skills and be able to write detailed technical reports. Must have proficient verbal communication skills and be able to articulate clearly and logically. Ability to organize and prioritize workload to meet deadlines. Applicant must be able to perform inspectional work which may require: use of ladders or catwalks to access equipment, lift/carry up to 50lbs, pull/push up to 100lbs.; stand for extended periods of time; identify rodent and insect filth; read labels with 1/32 inch type size during inspections; and use safety equipment as required. Must be able to work outside of normal duty hours (Monday-Friday 8am-5pm) and conduct overnight travel to respond to emergency or disaster situations involving food or drugs (24 hour on call status); and adjust work week to accommodate workload. Frequent daytime travel (70%) will be required to perform duties. Incumbent must have ability to provide own transportation for the purpose of conducting inspections, receiving training, responding to emergencies, and other job duties. Registration or Licensure Requirements: This position may be understaffed. The successful applicant must meet educational requirements and pass the Professional Sanitarian exam within six (6) months from the initial date of employment. The successful applicant must achieve Registered Sanitarian status within (2) years of date the date of employment. Must possess a valid Texas driver’s license, or equivalent license from another state. Must meet FDA Credentialing requirements as found in http://www.fda.gov/downloads/ICECI/ComplianceManuals/RegulatoryProceduresManual/UCM074334.pdf Initial Selection Criteria: This position is being posted as Environmental Protection Specialist I (EPS I) which is understaffed from this position’s established classification of Sanitarian I. This Environmental Protection Specialist I will utilize a working title of Sanitarian-In-Training (SIT). Prospective applicants must meet the educational requirements, apply and pass the Professional Sanitarian exam WITHIN six (6) months from the date of employment. The Texas Department of State Health Services Sanitarian Registration Program will determine whether an applicant meets the educational requirements and gives credit for relevant work experience to determine the applicant’s qualifying status as one of the following: Environmental Protection Specialist (EPS I)/Sanitarian-In- Training (SIT): Graduation from a college or university of recognized standing with a B.S. or B.A. degree with at least 30 semester hours in basic science or natural science or any combination thereof. No experience or less than (2) years of experience in the field of sanitation. Successful passage of Sanitarian Registration Examination (may submit proof of current certification by NEHA as REHS/RS in lieu of exam). OR Professional Sanitarian (RS) – State of Texas: Graduation from a college or university of recognized standing with a B.S. or B.A. degree with at least 30 semester hours in basic science or natural science or any combination thereof and two (2) years of experience in the field of sanitation. Successful passage of Sanitarian Registration Examination (may submit proof of current certification by NEHA as REHS/RS in lieu of exam). REGISTERED SANITARIAN IS PREFERRED. Bachelor's degree in public health, food and nutrition, or a natural, basic, environmental or other science discipline from a US accredited college/university, or foreign education that has been determined to be equivalent by an acceptable education evaluator. Must meet FDA Credentialing requirements as found in http://www.fda.gov/downloads/ICECI/ComplianceManuals/RegulatoryProceduresManual/UCM074334.pdf Must be able to work outside of normal duty hours (Monday-Friday 8am-5pm) and conduct overnight travel to respond to emergency or disaster situations involving food or drugs (24 hour on call status); and adjust work week to accommodate workload. Frequent daytime travel (70%) is required to perform job duties. Experience preferred: using word processing, database, and other computer software; communicating with the public; knowledge of Texas Food and Drug laws, rules, and policies; and conducting food safety inspections (work experience). Additional Information: Req ID 388947. This is a career track position. The salary for an Environmental Protection Specialist I is $2,909.83 per month. This salary will be maintained until the applicant meets the requirements of a Professional Sanitarian, a maximum of two years based on qualifying status. The successful applicant must achieve Professional Sanitarian status within two years of date of employment. After meeting the Professional Sanitarian requirements, the position will be re-classified as a Sanitarian I with a corresponding salary of $3,916.66 per month. Should an applicant currently possess Professional Sanitarian registration and is selected for the position, the applicant will be paid at the Sanitarian salary of $3,916.66 per month. NOTICE TO APPLICANTS- DUE TO BUDGET CONSTRAINTS, PLEASE NOTE THE SALARY WILL BE STARTED $3916.66/MONTH FOR A SANITARIAN I. The position will be located in the Food North Group coverage area, headquartered in the Region 2/3 Arlington Regional Office, as determined by the work load and Foods Group obligations. Candidate must be willing to conduct job duties throughout the entire Food North Group (North Texas and DFW metroplex) coverage areas. If selected for an interview, copies of driver's license and college transcripts must be presented. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the CAPPS service center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. DUE TO BUDGET CONSTRAINTS, PLEASE NOTE: HIRING SALARY WILL BE AT THE BASE OF THE SALARY RANGE UNLESS THE CANDIDATE IS INTERNAL IN WHICH CASE A 7% MAY BE APPLIED FOR A PROMOTION OR THE MINIMUM OF THE NEW SALARY GRADE, WHICH EVER IS HIGHER; OR A 3.4% MAY BE APPLIED WHEN THE CANDIDATE IS IN THE SAME SALARY GROUP BUT DIFFERENT CLASS TITLE AND JOB CODE. MOS Code: Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 67C, HM, 8056, 4E0X1. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.