WHAT YOU’LL DO As a Business Analyst New Graduate for Cisco you will develop creative solutions for real business challenges. You will collaborate on multi- functional projects to identify areas for improvement. You will analyze internal processes, data, and problems and identify benefits from enabling new capabilities. Ultimately you will improve how Cisco operates and how we work together. WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH Let's change the world together. You will find a diverse group of people tackling business issues. We work with multi-functional teams to facilitate new business models and process improvements. You'll learn from industry professionals and we will value your ideas and perspective. WHO YOU ARE You are a recent graduate or on your final year of studies toward a bachelor’s or master's degree in Business, Management, Finance, Math, Accounting, Information Systems or a related field from an accredited institution. You have a minimum of a 3.0 GPA or equivalent You have excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills You possess a high level of customer focus and service excellence as you seek practical solutions You have strong collaboration skills with internal/external customers and multi-functional teams You have superb social skills, “can do” attitude and team player in global environment You possess effective time-management skills and the ability to prioritize work assignments WHY CISCO At Cisco, each person brings their own unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - from launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - we do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco univanalystjobs Engineering Finance GBS ISG IT Sales Services SupplyChain STO Security @WeAreCisco