Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA Passionate people are everywhere at Google. In Developer Relations, we are excited to collaborate and connect with the communities that love technology as much as we do. Part community manager and part developer advocate, Developer Programs Engineers collaborate with developers at conferences and online, and advocate for developers interests internally at Google. Not afraid to be hands-on, you write sample code and client libraries as well as participate in developer forums and support queues to troubleshoot and debug coding problems developers encounter. Internally, you work with product engineering teams to improve our products by conveying feedback from developers, reviewing API designs, and testing new features. Chrome, Android, App Engine, HTML5, and our core G Suite and Ads APIs are just some of the platforms you promote and support. As a Developer Programs Engineer, you stand at the intersection of a technology movement shaping our world - between the people who build it and the customers who use it. Developer Programs Engineers (DPEs) are the engineering wing of Developer Relations. We ensure that Google Cloud and related open-source projects are amazing for developers. As "customer zero" we're the first developers to use upcoming services. We provide feedback on API design, platform consistency and functionality. We work with our technical writing teams to produce developer documentation, Quickstarts and tutorials. We release open-source code, participate in developer forums and help troubleshoot developer problems. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Write sample code, client libraries and other developer tools to improve the developer experience of using Google’s platforms and APIs. Assist third-party developers and troubleshoot their integrations with Google APIs and other Google developer products. Manage and participate in developer discussion forums; work to address issues raised in these forums. Blog, write technical articles, present at developer conferences and work with local and international developer communities to build a sound ecosystem for developer products. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in engineering or programming. Experience with two or more programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, Go, PHP, JavaScript (Node.js), C, Ruby or Objective-C). Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field. 6 years of relevant work experience. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.