Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the services division of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our clients’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview We have a unique opportunity for an Area Vice President of Enterprise Sales to manage a field-based sales team. In this position, you will be responsible for increasing revenue by way of strategic planning, and you will engage in coaching, training, motivating and propelling overall sales performance within your area. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The _Area Vice President_ is primarily responsible for: Provide leadership and day to day direction of Account Executives including pipeline and performance management and reporting Develop strategies and market plans and identify new and relevant product/service offerings within assigned territory Foster an empowered and highly effective team, focused on aligning efforts with business results Direct activities that are necessary to strengthen client relationships, support growth initiatives and enter into new markets by leading a team of resources chartered with selling product and services solutions to identified clients Recruit, develop and lead a regional field-based team in the identification, targeting, selling and closing of new names clients Manage customer portfolio to assigned revenue, profit and contribution quotas Develop meaningful business relationships with client prospects and business partners at the executive level to create awareness and understanding of brand and capabilities Apply knowledge of the technology resale and solution provider industry and market trends to identify key prospects We are se eking candidates with the following experience and skills BA in Business or a related field 5+ years of direct sales and sales management experience within the IT industry Proven expertise leading a sales team to success Proven track record of developing and closing new account business and meeting sales objectives Hardware resale, technology industry and subject-matter expertise Strong values, work ethic, organization, leadership and management skills At Zones we’re more than just a company, we’re a collection of people like you! We’re driven, hard-working and love to celebrate our wins as a team. We’re growing fast which means unlimited opportunities to do great work, get recognized, and take your career to the next level! As a member of the Zones team, your health and well-being are among our highest priorities. We offer a comprehensive, flexible employee benefits package that includes medical/dental/vision coverage, a 401(k) plan with matching provision, life insurance, supplemental benefits, paid time off, product discounts, and much more. Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement opportunities to every applicant. Come join our team. Let’s talk.