Overview BAL’s Digital Products team is seeking an IT Business Analyst with experience and expertise in immigration law as well as familiarity with BAL’s Cobalt digital platform. The IT Business Analyst will work in close collaboration with the firm’s Technology team to field customer inquiries, particularly those inquiries where a business process (versus a technical challenge) may be the root cause of the inquiry. The position requires outstanding customer service and communication skills, proven analytical and solutions-driven mindset, ability to collaborate across multiple stakeholder groups, and strong detail-oriented problem-solving skills. Responsibilities  Develop an understanding of BAL Global’s business and technology environment  Develop an understanding of BAL Global’s Cobalt Service Desk support processes, procedures, and tools; follow these standard processes and procedures and help to identify and implement opportunities for improvement in the processes, procedures, and tools.  Field customer inquiries via customer portal, phone, email, or walk-up within defined time parameters for responding and providing support.  Define and document each issue and follow from entry to closure with same day/ongoing communication back to the end-user.  Use and maintain the Service Desk ticketing system for logging, documenting, and communicating issue and resolution information.  Monitor Service Desk ticketing system queues to ensure service level agreements are being met and provide assistance for resolution where necessary.  Convey a strong sense of urgency related to problem solving and meeting customer needs. Understand business impact for each request and provide the highest level of support to all stakeholders.  Follow-up with customers in a timely and professional manner to ensure that support is provided to their satisfaction. Coordinate with management and business owners to work through more difficult issues.  Provide various levels of IT support, troubleshooting, and other associated assistance for problems with computer systems, peripheral equipment, operating systems, web browsers, applications, and network services.  Help users solve their IT problems and provide targeted instructions to users to improve their skills and confidence in using computer systems and the Cobalt application to meet their business needs.  Track, report, and escalate recurring problems through root cause analysis. Serve as an escalation point within the Service Desk to assist in resolving support issues specifically related to BAL Global business processes.  Follow-up with customers and technical support staff on the status of resolution to ensure problems are resolved on a timely basis. Promptly notify Service Desk management of issues that require management attention.  Create, update, or review documentation such as: Service Desk scripts, notification / communication templates, processes, procedures, other diagrams, system support documentation, other functional and technical support documentation. Validate documentation for accuracy and adherence to Service Desk standards. Qualifications Education and Experience  Bachelor’s Degree  2-7+ years’ experience in legal field Skills and Knowledge  Expertise in legal industry, specifically immigration law  Experience and strong understanding of the Cobalt system  Basic understanding of general IT support stakeholders, processes, and expectations  Basic understanding of the software development lifecycle and related business system terminology and concepts  Experience or familiarity with ServiceNow systems preferred  Excellent communication, analytical, facilitation, problem solving, and negotiation skills  Highest standards of accuracy and precision, and highly organized  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Ability to think creatively, highly-driven and self-motivated  Demonstrated ability to roll-up sleeves and work with team members in a hands-on capacity  Ability to work effectively with changing priorities in a dynamic environment Supervisory Responsibility This position has no supervisory responsibilities.