Please Note: 1\. If you are a first time user, please create your candidate login account before you apply for a job. (Click Sign In > Create Account) 2\. If you already have a Candidate Account, please Sign-In before you apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status. Job Description: Role As an Enterprise Architect, you'll play an integral role in building a holistic view and roadmap of the company's technology strategy and processes. You will partner with internal technology groups to ensure that proposed technical solutions align with the company's overall objectives. You'll also serve as a strategic partner to business leaders, internal innovation teams, and IT functional areas by helping them identify and take advantage of new digital opportunities while providing guidance and ensuring solutions align with the business and IT strategy. Scope Apply a customer experience lens to Enterprise Architect (EA) activities. Build the long-term strategic roadmap for all IT systems architecture. Circulate technical roadmaps to align IT priorities with business partner needs. Demonstrate digital opportunities and partner with internal innovation teams. Develop and maintain policies, standards, and guidelines to ensure that a consistent framework is applied across the company. Develop application and infrastructure rationalization framework to reduce technical debt. Remain intimate and knowledgeable on cloud technologies and cloud and hybrid cloud frameworks. Lead the design and modeling of tactical architectures for the delivery, development, and support of projects. Manage and facilitate a EA review board/council to evaluate project proposals for architectural fit. Monitor new technological advances in application development and information technologies. Participate in digital strategy decisions and provide digital business model consulting within IT Teams. Partner with business and technology subject matter experts to elicit and translate business requirements into technological solutions. Partner with Information Security to ensure architecture aligns with security strategy and policies. Partner with other Solution Architects to provide a consensus-based scalable and adaptable architectural solution. Remain active in external networks to proactively integrate new technologies as business needs change. Actively participate in the development of the functional area/digital global strategy. Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives. Qualifications A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems (IS), or another relevant academic discipline. A Master's degree is preferred. Eight or more years of professional IT or IS experience. Three or more years of architecture and project leadership experience. Three to five years of global IT experience. Experience building enterprise architecture roadmaps. Experience designing, integrating, and managing complex infrastructure solutions. A comprehensive knowledge of hardware, software, application, and systems engineering. Demonstrated experience with business process and performance modeling, benchmarking, and financial analysis. The ability to “think different” and challenge conventional wisdom regarding technology refresh and hype. Strong leadership and negotiation skills with business and technical groups. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong project management and organization skills. A demonstrated ability to build consensus among many stakeholders. The ability to be comfortable with ambiguity and a willingness to take principled bets on new technology. The ability to establish, implement, and enforce appropriate IT standards to meet business requirements. The ability to build a comprehensive understanding of and strategically connect the needs of multiple functional areas. If you are located outside USA, please be sure to fill out a home address as this will be used for future correspondence.