Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description POSITION SUMMARY As a member of the Cyber Operations team, you will be responsible for monitoring, investigation, and response to information security events. During security event investigations, you will assess if the event poses a risk to the organization and coordinate with the incident response leads as necessary. You will also be responsible for metrics collection for service management, collaboration with the Threat Intelligence Team, historical incident analysis, continuous improvement of process and technology, and content development for new detection rules. RESPONSIBILITIES Perform root cause analysis on information security events to determine scope and impact Determine best method for containment and remediation of information security events Perform basic to intermediate malware analysis to determine indicators of compromise Perform host based analysis using endpoint detection and response tools to identify suspicious processes or other activities Be a participating member in cross training and continuous improvement activity across the Cyber teams Tuning of existing detection rules or logic to improve true positive ratios BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Experience with the following tools: SIEM, Workflow management tools, Vulnerability Scanners, Endpoint Detection & Response tools, Wireshark (or equivalent packet analysis tool), and Log Management tools. Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills necessary to convey complex security events in reports and other formal communication. Individual typically has at least 1-3 years of related experience working in Cyber Operations Authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship now or in the future PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with data analytics, machine learning, and anomaly detection methods and techniques One or more of the following certifications: CISSP, SANS GCFA, GCIH, GREM Proficient in Scripting (Python, PowerShell) Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._