Job Summary Senior Database Administrator is responsible for supporting SQL Database environment and infrastructure in a highly-available 24/7/365 environment that serves the financial services industry. Responsible for the administration and maintenance of the Microsoft SQL Server database environments. This includes installing, maintaining, improving, and monitoring the eMoney SQL environment in all environments, but with a key focus on Production. Job Description Lead department in the support SQL Database environment and infrastructure in a highly-available 24/7/365 environment. Provide 24/7 critical support for Production level Databases. This position requires the DBA to own initiatives that focus on enterprise level enhancements and availability of the Production SQL environment. Perform daily scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members. Apply data modeling techniques to ensure development and implementation support efforts meet integration and performance expectations. Lead efforts to independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end. Strong knowledge of automation, scripting, job scheduling, capacity management, index maintenance, and running SQL in a virtualized environment. Responsible for the backup and recovery of database environments with a focus on Production security, high availability, performance and capacity planning. Requirements (Education & Experience) 7-10 years of SQL Server Administrator experience required Skills (Software, Soft Skills, KSAs) Support Database environment and infrastructure including the management, high availability, scalability and performance. High level knowledge and experience of SQL Always-on availability groups in a multi-site environment with a focus on fail-over and disaster recovery, troubleshooting, and performance tuning. Strong knowledge of automation, scripting, job scheduling, capacity management, index maintenance, and running SQL in a virtualized environment. Able to work independently when needed but a strong collaborator able to work with Development teams and others in the organization to drive success. Strong written and verbal skills with a strong focus on documentation and implementing best practices. Working knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory, group policy standards, and implementing storage best practices in a Microsoft SQL Always-On Environment.