Impactful. Disciplined. Measurable. That’s why savvy marketers turn to IWCO Direct – to inspire performance across all marketing channels. From all- inclusive creative, digital and paper-based direct mail services to leading technology platforms, advanced postal optimization strategies and industry know-how, IWCO Direct won’t just help you along the way; we’ll Power your Marketing™. IWCO Direct also plays an active role in our communities and works closely with industry partners, the U.S. Postal Service, and our Congressional representatives to build awareness of the mailing industry and its importance to the national economy. If you’re thinking of a new career at IWCO Direct, our pace is fast, but safety, quality and an enriching work environment are top priorities. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package and on-site wellness programs – not to mention the opportunity to work with some of the most talented people around. Description of Duties: The Business Intelligence Analyst manages projects to provide BI insights and tools in order to help IWCO Direct and our clients make better/faster decisions and improve processes. Responsibilities include: Build complex BI solutions (reports and dashboards) by collaborating with technical and business teams: Plan, design, develop, test, and launch efficient business, financial, and operations BI solutions in support of core organizational functions and business processes. This includes gathering requirements, managing beta testing, and training end users. Collaborate with Database Administrators and data owners to understand business requirements, common analysis use cases, and ensure use of accurate and meaningful data sources and databases. Provide user support to provision dashboard data to meet informational/operational objectives. Promote and facilitate the development of self-service capabilities. Create and uphold a BI governance policy: Participate in defining the organization’s data strategy. Define BI roles/responsibilities and appropriate access levels for each role. Define corporate standards (look/feel) and branding of dashboards. Manage access to dashboards and audit dashboards annually for permissions and continuous improvement. Contribute to design and support of BI environment, including information and data acquisition, management and delivery solutions. Manage BI projects: Plan, execute, and finalize projects with clear milestones according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes coordinating the efforts of team members in order to deliver projects according to plan. Present and communicate BI project requirements, findings and solutions to stakeholders. Provide education to stakeholders on value and use of information and operational data. Define the project's priority, objectives and oversee quality control throughout the project life cycle. Apply communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills to help maximize the benefit of BI system investments. Minimum Experience/Education Requirements: Bachelors degree required; advanced degree preferred. 5+ years of experience in directly related positions. Proficient with BI tools (Qlik Sense experience desired), Excel, and SharePoint. Experience with complex data aggregation, relational databases, data schemas and data visualization. Experience managing dashboard implementation projects. Experience implementing and promoting new BI tool. Ability to learn quickly; use data to communicate a call-to-action, communicate technical information to non-technical audience; accept and quickly respond to business changes; must readily adapt to changes in workload and additional time commitments. Must have a high level of analytical and interpersonal skills. Handles sensitive and confidential data/information. Pre-employment drug screen and background check required. Qualifications Education Required Bachelors or better. Preferred Masters or better. Experience Required 5+ years of experience in directly related positions