PURPOSE: Provide subject matter expertise for business intelligence, advanced analytics, financial data and advanced reporting for Central Procurement office and Economic Development division. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: _This list is ILLUSTRATIVE ONLY, and is not a comprehensive listing of all functions and duties performed. Essential duties and responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the following:_ Data Mining, Analysis & Visualization: Design, build, optimize and maintain custom, advanced Business Intelligence (BI) solutions to effectively deliver information to the business. Deliver and maintain best practices in data acquisition, data integration, data visualization, optimization and implementation of BI solutions. Predictive Analytics: Develop innovative statistical models to using structured and unstructured multi-dimensional data sources to detect patterns and behaviors. Project Management: Manage multiple concurrent projects involving data visualization, data gathering, data mining and auditing. Market Research Analytics: Continuously research best practices and data trends to incorporate and improve the standard of reports. Education & Outreach: Providing technical support the Executive Leadership Team and other port departments. Educating contractors and vendors on submission process for sub-contractor SBE (Small Business Enterprise) data and impact of accurately reporting data. Data Validation/Auditing: Auditing databases for inaccurately entered vendor information. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Knowledge Excel, Database, PowerPoint: Must have knowledge of developing excel based tools and other database or data management systems. Must have strong skills developing and utilizing PowerPoint to communication with leadership. Analytical Tools: Relational databases, advanced statistical methodology, forecasting techniques, database design best practices and information design. Knowledge of advanced analytical techniques including data mining, visualization and segmentation. Skills/Abilities Strong communication (written, verbal): Ability to communicate formally and informally with individuals throughout the Port and our external stakeholders. Be persuasive and influence decision-makers. Must be able to communicate complex analytical topics in clear, concise way to senior decision makers. Critical Thinker: Must be skilled in critical thinking, problem-solving (e.g., working effectively in a multi-stakeholder environment), assumption- and data-driven analytics (ability to gather, analyze, and synthesize complex data to inform procurement execution, negotiations, and process improvement), building analytical tools (e.g. excel, tableau, models, sql queries, etc). Analytical capabilities: Must be able to take creative approaches to solving challenging, ambiguous problems. Ability to gather, analyze, and synthesize complex data to inform procurement strategy and develop negotiation plan. Strong computer skills and data management skills. Must be able to translate analytical output into actionable recommendations. The role requires the ability to think critically about overall port needs and each procurement (i.e., there is no "one-size fits all" solutions). Self-starter & strong interpersonal skills: Ability to collaborate closely with individuals from many different function. Must be a self-starter and comfortable pushing people out of their comfort zone (i.e., will be working in a role that has never existed before and will require other Port staff to think in new ways). Cultivates relationships: Is a team builder. Customer service mindset with internal and external customers. Change management: Understanding of developing process improvements and skill to develop and deliver on process improvements. Competent in identifying issues and delivering sustainable decisions and solutions to problems. QUALIFICATIONS: _Combination of education and experience demonstrative knowledge, skills and abilities equivalent to:_ Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Quantitative Analytics or related field; and Four (4) years of experience quantitative problem solving and data visualization. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Master’s Degree in Business, Economics or related field; and Seven (7) years of experience in quantitative problem solving and data visualization.