CARD is now hiring a SYTEMS ADMINISTRATOR! ORGANIZATION The Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC. (CARD) is among the world’s largest and most experienced organizations effectively treating children with autism and related disorders. With U.S. and International reach, CARD touches the lives of hundreds of children and their families. Through a network of trained therapists, supervisors and researchers we develop and implement quality, comprehensive and personalized treatment programs which lead to success, and in many cases recovery. CARD was started in 1990 by renowned psychologist and early researcher of autism, Dr. Doreen Granpeesheh. She designed a unique treatment curriculum based on the Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) method and built an organization of dedicated and trained staff. Currently CARD has 200+ centers across the U.S. CARD’s goal is to become the worldwide leader of top-quality autism treatments. DESCRIPTION The Systems Administrator will manage all network servers and other network components including installation, configuration, maintenance, patching, and upgrades. They will develop and maintain network security procedures and resolve problems reported for Servers, LAN or WAN network, PC’s and networking equipment. This is a full time, non-exempt position. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Implement and represent CARD policy enthusiastically Represent CARD professionally and ethically to internal and external stakeholders Work effectively with senior management Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Windows Servers 2008, 2012, and 2016. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft Domains and Domain Controllers. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft Active Directory. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Exchange Server 2007, 2013 Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot SharePoint Servers 2013. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft Remote Desktop services. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft VPN and Radius services. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft Group Policies. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft WSUS. Install, Maintain, Upgrade/Update and troubleshoot Microsoft DFS. Maintain backup systems and test backups for validation. Monitor and implement security and vulnerability patches for network, servers and other devices. Monitor Helpdesk to provide support from intermediate to advanced networking, server and workstation issues. Maintain inventory of hardware, software and licenses. Taking on additional projects at the discretion of the Director of Infrastructure Technology. Able to thrive in a fast paced environment. Good decision making and problem solving ability. Ability to effectively and efficiently apply time management skills to multitask. Self-motivated and clearly focused on the tasks assigned to them. Works well in teams and has the ability to work independently with little or no supervision. Good writing and communication skills. EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS Minimum 5 years of experience as Systems Administrator Microsoft MCSE certification preferred Microsoft Hyper-V experience Strong PowerShell scripting skills a plus Domain Controller and Active Directory Schema upgrade experience a plus Exchange Servers upgrade experience a plus Strong Microsoft Azure implementation/migration skills a plus Microsoft Office365 implementation/migration skills a plus VeeaM Backup systems a plus DELL EMC SAN Storage Systems a plus Cisco and/or Juniper Network routers a plus Administering Email Security Appliance Gateways a plus Experience in upgrading Domain Controller / Active Directory Schemas is a plus. Experience in upgrading Exchange Servers is a plus. BENEFITS & COMPENSATION For qualifying employees, benefits include medical, dental, vision, life insurance, flexible spending program, 401K, earned paid vacation, sick and holiday pay, educational assistance program and corporate discount programs.