Job Description – Technical: Developer, Cloud Architecture/Dev Ops Lone Star’s Technical Staff software engineer with cloud architecture/dev ops, paves the way for the next generation of apps and services. We provide predictive analytic modeling tools to our clients and internal teams. T his position requires the ability to fulfill duties and responsibilities such as: Enrich Lone Star’s analytic product offerings by designing, building, and maintaining APIs, services, and systems. Enjoy and have experience building and architecting web-based applications and platforms. Excellent software development skills in some of the following (Java, JavaScript/Node, .NET, Python, ReactJS/AngularJS) Comfortable working in different parts of the stack. Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes. Ability to work across a number of technologies. Collaborative team-based technology development. Must Have, or be Capable of Obtaining, at Least a DoD Secret Level Clearance. Desirable experience: IAAS, PAAS with AWS, Google Cloud or Azure. Software orchestration tech (Kubernetes, OpenShift, etc). Docker containers, container registries. Building and running production systems. Database and schema design (e.g. MySQL, Postgres). CI/CD tool chains. Complex modeling and simulation. Infrastructure automation through DevOps scripting (E.g. shell, Python, Ruby, PowerShell). Strong practical Linux systems administration skills in a Cloud or Virtualized environment. Typical education and experience expectations for this position: Varies with Position Category level; however most require a minimum Bachelor of Science in related discipline or equivalent experience. Expectations do not include: All of the attributes in one candidate. Significant experience for Level 1 candidates. Other Information: Position reports to Director, Tools & Technology. Lone Star’s normal requirements apply, in addition to these job specific attributes. This job is expected to fit within Lone Star’s Level 1 -4 position categories. Lone Star is an equal opportunity employer; see the company website for more information about Lone Star and how we hire; www.Lone-Star.com About Lone Star: Lone Star Analysis has built a strong reputation as a trusted provider of predictive and prescriptive analytics and analysis in industrial markets. We have done this by continuously delivering high value solutions that lead to significant improvements in operational and financial performance for our customers. Benefits: Health, Dental, Vision insurance heavily subsidized Both HSA and PPO options Subsidized Health Reimbursement Account Company paid medical concierge and identity theft protection Company paid Life, AD&D, short & long-term disability 401(k) savings plan with 4% company match Flexible Paid Time Off and paid company holidays Important work life balance philosophy Tuition reimbursement program Business casual environment Agile, self-managed, self-organized diverse development teams