General Responsibilities As the Production Quality Manager (PQM), you are responsible for the coaching, management, and leadership of VSA employees as well as operations. The PQM works to ensure that we are providing the highest level of quality utilizing the most efficient methods for preparing cars. The PQM helps make sure that everyone in Vehicle Service consistently executes Hertz’s rigorous vehicle preparation process so that every vehicle meets Hertz’s heritage of vehicle safety and quality. The PQM completes quality audits of the fleet as well as standard work audits utilizing the Akkroo application. PQM works closely with our third party vendor and the Ultimate Choice Lot Manager to successfully implement the replenishment model. PQM will work closely with the Value Stream Leader VSA/IR to maintain accurate metrics and to utilize them for the continuous improvement of the VSA operations. To be a great PQM, you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Hertz A desire to grow with Hertz including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Hertz Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Mandatory Requirements Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree level is preferred (Associate level is accepted), but someone who is able to demonstrate the requisite behaviors and with the right level of experience (below) will also be considered. Professional Experience: Proven track record of being an effective leader and coach to others. An operational background in car rental is necessary, with 3-5 years of management experience and a good understanding of the operation. Attitude and the right behaviors are more important, as is the requisite level of capability to manage in a tough, fast moving operation, with very strong attention to detail. Previous experience of working in a unionised environment would also be an advantage. Skills: Strong management, coaching, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and quality assessment skills Strong planning and logistical skills Preferred Requirements Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets EEO Statement Hertz is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or domestic partnership status, disability, protected veteran status or military status, genetic information, or any other category protected under applicable law. Hertz is committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment and advancement of minorities, women, persons with disabilities and protected veterans.