Imagine new horizons... Business Consultants are key to solving our customers’ puzzles using a combination of business analysis and implementation activities at Fortune 1000 companies in the U.S. and Canada. At Quintiq, we are growing and are looking for dynamic consultants to join our North American team. What will your role be? As a Business Consultant you will collaborate with project management, technical consultant and software development teams. We will provide you with the necessary training on Quintiq’s solutions and implementation methodology and project management tools. Are you looking for a rewarding client facing role to help improve their processes? In this role you will interface directly with customers, understanding their business processes, discovering optimization opportunities and define solutions. Your role will require you to communicate the identified solution to Quintiq’s software developers as well as the customer. If you like working on puzzles then we want to talk to you. The challenges ahead You will : collect requirements from the customer's domain experts be responsible for solution design, build the necessary documentation and sharing the technical requirements with the Quintiq development team develop the necessary scenarios to test the solution against the clients requirements. build the required documentation for the customer users to train communicate with customer representatives on the targeted solution and benefits participate in pre-sales activities including business scan, demo challenge, proof of concept Your key success factors? Degree in Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Business, Supply Chain Management, Computer Science, Econometrics or a similar discipline Confirmed analytical capability and excellent abstract reasoning ability Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently and with a team Strong time management skills Experience with large-scale software implementations and client-based project work. Preferred skills Knowledge of Supply Chain Planning, Scheduling & Optimization. Knowledge of the aerospace & defense, manufacturing (sales & operations planning, demand planning) or logistics industry Familiarity with data modeling in relational databases, data communication (ODBC, SOAP, JMS), object-oriented programming Sound understanding of optimization techniques in operations research and artificial intelligence (linear programming, genetic algorithms, heuristic search techniques, constraint programming)