Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Please follow this link, Atos.net page, to learn more about the new Global Partnership with Google Cloud and Atos! How will Google Cloud and Atos’ global partnership work together to deliver secure hybrid Cloud, machine learning, and collaboration solutions to the enterprise? Press release Job Description This position is the Manager of a network support group. The job requires management skills, such as setting goals and objectives for employees and motivating and leading employees to accomplish their goals. The network support group is currently staffed with 2 individuals with in-depth technical skills in network implementation, primarily using Cisco hardware. The Manager is expected to handle escalations and communications with groups outside of the technical support group, such as customers, vendors and other Atos infrastructure groups. The Manager is expected to be competent in the necessary technologies to be able to help design, quote and schedule projects for the network support group. Very little travel is expected. Job Requirements Lead Network Engineer with minimum 5+ years of hands-on networking design and engineering experience within a Cisco environment. The Manager will require a working knowledge of network architecture, design and implementation along with knowledge of current network products from Cisco (required) and Juniper (a plus). Network experience, including routing, switching, firewalls, etc. CCNA strongly preferred. The Manager will need the skills to take responsibility for the overall delivery of the network support group's services to customers and internal groups. Project management skills are necessary along with familiarity of tools used by project managers. Strong documentation skills, including the ability to produce technical documents (ie Visio diagrams) An in-depth understanding of the network requirements for interfacing users and servers to the corporate network and internet is required. The Manager will also perform the administration tasks for the group of network support engineers, such as goals, reviews, scheduling, on-call rotation. etc. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.