Job Code 403123 Info Tech Support Associate II Duties & Responsibilities Position Overview: The Service Desk Analyst will have primary responsibility for executing upon user account management requests which allow and deactivate access to enterprise systems used university-wide by AA&D staff. The role will be responsible for the delivery of high quality, timely customer service to staff and alumni navigating the portfolio of enterprise systems. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: 1\. Account Management Resolve user account requests from authorized requesters following established policies & procedures and IT control standards. Resolution occurs within established service level agreements with a high rate of accuracy. o Update security for existing user accounts for all ATSS applications o Create new accounts for all ATSS applications Assist with the execution of the daily, monthly, and quarterly security audits including production of key data and updates to user accounts Assist with development and maintenance of security policy & procedure documents, user guides, and presentation materials Maintain end user security files in accordance with defined documentation standards Coordinate with the Technology Education team on training course completions that trigger updates to specific user accounts so that accounts are maintained according to defined service level agreements 2\. User Support Handle in-bound support calls from staff and alumni for all enterprise applications in the ATSS portfolio and resolve or escalate reported issues within defined service level agreements Identify potential security incidents and escalate accordingly Receive, update, document, resolve, and/or escalate support calls using ServiceNow Analyze and resolve problems involving multiple technologies and platforms in an enterprise environment. Learn, understand, and use key functionality in all ATSS supported applications in order to resolve user support calls including managing data on alumni profiles Maintain knowledge of key marketing pieces in order to resolve user support calls Continue to learn about ATSS supported applications including new features and enhancements delivered through software releases and upgrades. Deliver service successfully - achieve SLAs, achieve high customer satisfaction Provides project support for ATSS ranging from drafting communications pieces and presentations, to participating in testing cycles for new application features, to data management. Evening/weekend/holiday working times will be required based on business priorities. This includes during the Harvard Winter Recess period as well as Memorial Day and Columbus Day weekends. Basic Qualifications Minimum of two (2) years’ experience in customer service. Demonstrated skill with end user focused work requiring clear communication and collaboration across teams. Experience creating written documentation of communications with customers including resolution and/or escalation paths. Knowledge of standard PC applications including the Microsoft Office suite, email, and calendar management. Additional Qualifications Dedication to high quality customer service standards. Extremely strong verbal and written communication skills Experience in providing user services to a diverse community of end users Preference given to experience in a higher education setting supporting alumni High attention to detail Must be a resourceful and effective problem-solver Superb organizational skills. Must be motivated to learn and flexible to change. Ability to manage multiple tasks under competing deadlines and shifting priorities. Must be conscious of data security and risk management. Able to work effectively with internal and external constituencies in a University environment. Adept at evaluating problems accurately and displaying sound and confidential judgment. Must have an even disposition, calm and poised in the face of frustrated users, and be able to work effectively and politely with all people from all types of backgrounds and experience and in all types of situations Able to work independently and as part of a team. Additional Information Please include a cover letter with your application. Skills testing may be a component of the interview process for this position. The department of Alumni Affairs and Development at Harvard University is committed to diversity. We welcome applicants who bring varied experience, thought, and practice to the department’s mission to maintain and enhance an engaged community of alumni and friends worldwide and to lead the University’s fundraising efforts. Harvard University Benefits Package Vacation/Sick/Personal/Holidays: Harvard offers 3 (union roles) - 4 (exempt) weeks paid vacation, a paid holiday break between Christmas and New Year’s Day, 12 paid sick days, 11.5 paid holidays, and 3 paid personal days each year. Medical/Dental/Vision Benefit: Harvard offers a variety of excellent medical, dental, and vision plans which all begin on the first day of employment. Retirement: University-funded retirement plan with full vesting after 3 years of service. Tuition Assistance Program: Competitive tuition assistance program, $40 per class at the Harvard Extension School and discounted study options through participating Harvard Graduate Schools. Transportation: Harvard offers a 50% discounted MBTA pass as well as parking options to assist employees in their daily commute to campus. Wellness Options: Harvard offers programs and classes at little or no cost, including stress management, massages, nutrition, meditation, and complimentary health services. There are also fee-based athletic facility memberships available at various locations around the university for employees. Job Function Alumni Affairs and Development, Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Alumni Affairs & Development Time Status Full-time Union 55 - Hvd Union Cler & Tech Workers Salary Grade 055 Pre-Employment Screening Credit, Criminal, Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.