Agilent inspires and supports discoveries that advance the quality of life. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the answers and insights they seek ---- so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com. Digital Data Analytics Engineer At Agilent, we're focused on making the world a safer and healthier place. Agilent is the premier laboratory partner for a better world. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the insights they seek ---- so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com. The digital channel organization at Agilent is leading the digital transformation of traditional business process and customer interaction with Agilent. The digital channel is seeking a Digital Data Analytics Engineer to join our newly formed global digital analytics team as we build out our innovative data insight capabilities. You will be responsible for creating digital insight ecosystem including real time data management via Google cloud platform and SAP HANA, deep dive strategic insights extraction, and data visualization as dashboard to be shared across all levels at Agilent. You will be working on web and mobile content optimization, identifying ecommerce growth areas and drivers, recommendation engine and persona. You will take part in transforming business and data insight delivery and integration to a new level. There will not be a shortage of puzzles for you to solve. Develop KPI of overall business performance via rigorous data analytics process and present them to management and key business groups through formal dashboards and ad hoc reports. Serve as a subject matter expert on advanced technologies that are related to digital data management and insights extraction and stay abreast of best practices and new applications. Qualifications: Graduate degree in math, statistics, engineering, operational research, computer science, and other quantitative fields is required; may consider equivalent combination of training, education and work experience. Hands on working experience with Python, R, SQL, HDFS, Spark, Pandas, Jupyter, and database structures. Google Cloud and Google Analytics 360 working knowledge is a plus. Solid statistics or data analytics approaches, methods, applications to real world issues. A passion for data analytics. This is what you want to do. Ability to interact with a diverse group of subject matter experts and other technical and non-technical cross-functional team members within a large global organization. Creative, innovative, persistent, and forwarding thinking Self-starter who is good at problem solving. A true team player who are not only open to different ideas but also goes out of way to help colleagues. Proactively plan out the work and come up with innovative ideas for improvement or game changes Keep up with new tools and knowledge in both data analytics and digital technologies. Agilent Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We value diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, religion or religious creed, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance, or regulation and will not be discriminated against on these bases. For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the 'EEO is the Law' poster available here: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf, https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf Agilent Technologies, Inc., is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with any part of the application or interview process or have questions about workplace accessibility, please contact +1-262-754-5030 (US and Canada only) or email job_posting@agilent.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled