General Information JOB TITLE: Data Analyst FTE: 1.0 Job Description: A recent study by EY-Parthenon Education revealed numerous challenges in BPS related to monitoring the progress of students who demonstrate early warning indicators for becoming off-track in high school. We know that there are high concentrations of these students in a small number of open-enrollment high schools. And we know that the vast majority of these students show risk factors in middle school and/or 9th grade that are highly correlated with their potential for dropping out of high school. We seek a Data Analyst who can help us more strategically leverage this information to plan appropriate interventions for and communication with this population of students and their families. We are particularly interested in developing dashboards to help the Headmasters of open-enrollment high schools better plan for the arrival of incoming 9th graders who have concerning early warning indicators based on their prior academic and social-emotional history. Additionally, we anticipate that the Data Analyst will be used to help us track the efficacy of any new interventions that are tested out over the next two years to intervene with this population, including district-wide initiatives to combat chronic absenteeism, which is a key metric for monitoring progress toward keeping more students on-track to graduate high school. REPORTS TO: Tommy Welch, Associate Superintendent RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct analysis, develop reports, and build tools to support work for the Office of the Superintendent Provide support and thought partnership to other teams in across central office and schools Develop a predictive model for analyzing elementary and middle school Early Warning Indicators (EWIs) that can be leverage by high schools for prioritizing tiered interventions with 9th grade students. Work with a cross-section of Headmasters to develop and pilot data dashboards for monitoring student progress and informing short-term decision making about programming and resource allocation. Study the challenges associated with increasing exam school access and diversity, including documenting where the greatest opportunity gaps exist among K-5, K-6, 6-8 and K-8 feeder schools (i.e. where we have the highest concentrations of potential exam school candidates who are not receiving proactive supports to reduce entry barriers). Participate in other district-wide efforts to gather, analyze and present data relevant to risk factors associated with monitoring the progress of middle and high school students. QUALIFICATIONS - REQUIRED: Bachelor’s degree Strong analytic capabilities, familiarity with research design, and leadership skills Data expertise and outstanding communication skills Most importantly, candidates must be committed to education and believe in the importance of data-informed decision making Current authorization to work in the United States - Candidates must have such authorization by their first day of employment QUALIFICATIONS - PREFERRED: Master’s degree and at least four years of full-time work experience Experience as a researcher and/or analyst Experience working in a school-based setting (teacher, administrator, external partner, etc.) TERMS: Managerial Tier C. _This position is subject to the City of Boston residency requirement._ Please refer to www.bostonpublicschools.org/ohc (under "Employee Benefits and Policies") for more information on salary and compensation. The Boston Public Schools, in accordance with its nondiscrimination policies, does not discriminate in its programs, facilities, or employment or educational opportunities on the basis of race, color, age, criminal record (inquiries only), disability, homelessness, sex/gender, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, genetics or military status, and does not tolerate any form of retaliation, or bias-based intimidation, threat or harassment that demeans individuals’ dignity or interferes with their ability to learn or work.