Founded in 2015, Honor is now one of the fastest-growing, non-medical home care companies in the U.S. Why? Because we realized that by combining our amazing technology and operations with the local, personal touch of our partner agencies, we could make real progress in transforming this fast- growing, $30BN industry. This unique approach is powering our huge growth - we have cutting-edge machine learning, a beautiful, well-designed app, and industry-leading design, paired with a strong sales, marketing, and support engine. Our mission and ambitions are huge. We’re looking for people who believe, as we do, that modernizing home care for our parents—and yours—is one of the most important problems we can solve. Honor is a well-funded, strongly backed company with experienced leaders who have a proven track record of building large businesses and solving extraordinarily difficult challenges. Join us! Home care on the surface may seem “simple” when in reality it’s a highly complex interplay between operations, logistics, and human workflow. Because of the intimacy of the service, the heterogeneity of both supply (caregivers) and demand (care recipients), and the emotional nature of family dynamics, Honor has to be a data-driven business to scale and succeed. In an industry where it’s been difficult to build and use data, Honor is really changing the game on how analytics can be used to make fundamental leaps in service quality and care delivery. Home care at its core is a dynamic set of complex real-world operations and one of the strongest pillars is a fast and reliable analytics system. We’re looking for an enthusiastic data architect to own the platform that provides data access and insights to all parts of the business. As a data architect, your responsibilities will include: Understanding the data needs of many business units Planning and maintaining an analytics architecture to support a variety of business needs Designing and promoting best practices for analytics schema design Helping engineers and analysts build on top of our analytics infrastructure Ensuring the long-term health of our BI infrastructure The perfect candidate will have: Expert knowledge of SQL and database design Excellent communication ability across the whole business: engineering, product management, care operations, sales, recruiting, and more Experience with ETL systems Experience with BI tools (e.g. Looker, Tableau) Working knowledge of Python or a comparable programming language BA in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of relevant experience _Honor is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, political affiliation or belief._