Job Description Amazon Web Services provides a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world. We have data center locations in the U.S., Europe, Singapore, and Japan, and customers across all industries. We are seeking experienced Hardware Design Engineers to build the next generation of our cloud server infrastructure. Our success depends on our world-class server infrastructure; we’re handling massive scale and rapid integration of emergent technologies. As a member of the Silicon Optimization Team you’ll be responsible for the design and optimization of hardware in our data centers. You’ll provide leadership in the application of new technologies to large scale server deployments in a continuous effort to deliver a world-class customer experience. This is a fast-paced, intellectually challenging position, and you’ll work with thought leaders in multiple technology areas. You’ll have relentlessly high standards for yourself and everyone you work with, and you’ll be constantly looking for ways to improve your products performance, quality and cost. We’re changing an industry, and we want individuals who are ready for this challenge and want to reach beyond what is possible today. Responsibilities: Define and develop debug architectures and implementations for silicon and systems Hands on debug of our toughest technology issues Cross the boundaries of HW and SW everyday Develop methodologies to evaluate and stress our systems Understand intended applications and stress systems from a customer perspective Basic Qualifications Requirements: Minimum of 12 years of experience in definition of debug features in silicon products Experience in the debug of real world HW and SW technical issues Direct exposure and experience in working with customer level challenges Preferred Qualifications Preferred requirements: Architecture definition experience Performance analysis and verification. Familiarity with lab and system debug (logic analyzer, software debugger, etc..)