Adobe, a technology leader in the digital space, is looking for a strong technologist who can work with customers and internal teams to construct an architecture for technical execution. Leading companies turn to Adobe to help create and deliver relevant and timely experiences. An enterprise technology investment, however, requires a solid architecture and process for ultimate success. Adobe’s Customer Success Architecture team is a dynamic team of elite architects who span the customer lifecycle from sales to customer satisfaction and help drive value in digital investments. We bring strategy and technology together to help our customers solve their critical marketing problems. As a Customer Success Architect (CSA), you will utilize your executive presence, technology aptitude, and enterprise architecture expertise to guide customer teams to deliver against Adobe’s recommended best practices across the Experience Cloud platform. This will include a tight alignment with Adobe’s platform product engineering teams and account teams, including customer success managers, sales leadership, and partners. Together, you will identify and execute the best strategy for our customers to realize value. This will also include a passion for learning new technologies. As Adobe continues to invest in a content and data platform and an expanding footprint in cloud infrastructure, the CSA will assist customers in realizing the value from this platform approach. This will include not only the impact on the current solution set but also how platform functionality may be integrated in a customer’s technology stack leveraging Adobe I/O and Sensei’s service layer. Who you are The successful CSA will have digital marketing product implementation experience, expertise in developing and executing a solution design, and strong leadership skills. We are looking for architects that have competencies in leveraging rich first party data for marketing automation, data science and analytics. You should have a willingness and desire to chart your own course. You should bring 10+ years of relevant experience focused on technical and solution delivery and have an excellent executive presence. You should have the technical subject matter expertise, passion and leadership to successfully guide Adobe customers. Your responsibilities As a CSA you will: Communicate a broad-based technical & experience architecture aligning with customer’s priorities and KPIs; Work with Product teams to understand best recommendations to design a solution that optimally utilizes Adobe’s platform; Align customer strategies and business processes to support a multi-solution product investment; Advise customer on appropriate data models to effectively leverage first party data across their product investment; Identify opportunities to more tightly integrate Adobe solutions in our customer technical architecture; Work with customers to develop governance guidelines that support a cloud-based data platform that supports the use of first party data for in-bound and out-bound targeting; Deliver a customer opportunity roadmap designed to align accounts with strategic and technical opportunities; Provide meaningful feedback to Product and Engineering teams focused on better aligning functionality and best practices; Advise account team engaged in the customer renewal process in best practices to overcome key technical challenges; Effectively communicate technical challenges and initiatives in a non-technical way to a broad and diverse group of senior executives; Paint a vision of complex business and technical strategies such that the customers and internal teams understand the best course of action for success; and Develop and deliver customer presentations intended to align aspirational goals with measurable KPI’s. Your skills and experience 10+ years relevant experience in any of the following jobs Marketing automation, campaign management and business intelligence Data science, analytics or data management and governance with large unstructured data systems Other leading Digital jobs, including Online/Mobile/Content/e-commerce marketing, UX, Web Analytics, Optimization, etc. Experience designing and/or implementing solutions for any of the following: Web Content Management, Rich internet applications, Web & Social Analytics, Marketing Automation, Online Ad targeting, Content Personalization Understanding of custom software development processes and engagement methodologies including Agile, Scrum, and waterfall. Knowledge of current digital marketing trends and best practices on topics such as personalization, cross-channel marketing, mobile, and data-driven optimization of experiences Innovative thinker and desire to help us build out a new customer success architect team Fantastic executive presence, capable of gaining trust of C level executives Strong verbal, presentation and written communication skills Excellent problem-solving skills, with a demonstrated ability to identify issues, solve them quickly and well, and know when to rely on internal resources to assist Strong conflict resolution and negotiation skills Superb organizational skills to be able to coordinate complicated projects Exceptional team building and team management skills, with proven experience managing virtual teams Ability to manage in an environment of ambiguity with diverse stakeholders Experience working in a pre-sales capacity Willingness to travel (up to 50 %) in support of key project milestones Desirable but not essential Prior experience with the launch and operation of a highly available, high traffic internet or mobile service Experience with Adobe technologies MBA Experience as a Senior Manager or Product Manager in a technology company Experience managing cross functional teams. Certified ScrumMaster and/or PMP Certification At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.