As an Autopilot AI Scientist you will perform research and development to advance the state of the art in technologies enabling autonomous driving, research and develop algorithms for complex tasks like full scene understanding, scene prediction, planning and sequential decision making. Devise methods to use to enormous quantities of lightly labelled data in addition to a diverse set of richly labelled data. Responsibilities Individuals in this role are expected to be experts in identified research areas such as computer vision, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and applied mathematics, particularly including areas such as supervised learning, graphical models, reinforcement learning, optimal control: Develop state-of-the-art algorithms in one or all of the following areas: full scene understanding, multi-modal data processing, learning for planning and decision making, etc. Implement them to run with real time performance in autonomous vehicle production environment. Creative ways to use complementary sensor data, and offline processing to create ground truth for training the algorithms. Job Requirements Vast experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches. Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources. Essential Skills: Excellent C/C++/python coding abilities with an attitude of fast iteration Experience with related computer vision & graphics libraries and other tools for visualization and debugging Familiarity with parallel programming languages such as CUDA, OpenCL Desired Skills: Experience with sensors related to autonomous driving research such as cameras, radar, IMU, maps, LIDAR, ultrasonic, stereo camera, etc. Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe etc. Familiarity with Matlab or other quick prototyping tools Qualifications Ph.D., Masters and/or Bachelors with significant experience in the above areas You must be self-managed and committed to working in a fast-paced environment. Hands-on experience is a must. Professional and positive communication skills. Previous internship and/or project experience is a plus. Ability to relocate for duration of your internship Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program