Join the team of a young research center—the USC Center of Data, Algorithms, and Systems for Health (DASH). As part of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering, this Center combines Theoretical and Data Sciences (TEDS) with Artificial Intelligence for Medical Science (AIMS). We strive to bring the leading edge in Statistical Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to scientific discovery and to generate life-saving biomedical research outcomes. Formed in 2017, we are quickly growing and need staff assistance. We are looking for an enthusiastic, organized, dedicated, detail-oriented, curious, team player to join our USC DASH staff as an administrative assistant. This person will work closely with our USC DASH director and other center members. Job responsibilities include: Purchases and processing expenses for the center, projects and center members Event planning and coordination for meetings and events (such as seminars, workshops etc), including scheduling, arranging vendors and services, communicating event details, budgeting, etc. Serving as resource for USC DASH director and center members , facilitate successful and smooth operations of DASH Handle preparing paperwork and on-boarding of external (short-term) visitors (such as center fellows, visiting scientists or students) This position will be for 50% time. Preferred Qualifications Preferred Education: Bachelor's degree Preferred Experience: 4 years Skills: Administrative Arrange travel Assemble and organize numerical data Balance figures Clinical documentation Communicate with others to gather information Compose letters Compute totals Coordinate events Coordinate meetings Coordinate work of others Customer service Establish filing systems Gather data Input data Maintain filing systems Prioritize different projects Research information Schedule appointments Understand and apply policies and procedures Use computerized spreadsheets Use database and/or word processing software Verify calculations Use office software and others for productivity (such as Microsoft Office, Google Docs/Spreadsheets/Powerpoint, calendaring functions, Cloud Drives, project management tools, instant messanging and social medias) Writes memorandums for own signature Skills: Other Organization Problem identification and resolution Skills: Machine/Equipment: Adding machine Calculator Computer network (department or school), Computer network (university), Computer peripheral equipment Fax Personal computer Photocopier Applicant Documents Required Documents 1\. Resume/CV 2\. Cover Letter