Overview Network & Systems Administrator The Organization Camino Nuevo Charter Academy (CNCA) is a network of charter schools serving students across the Pre-K through Post-Secondary continuum in the Greater MacArthur Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. Pueblo Nuevo Education Development Group (EDG) is CNCA’s resource development and capacity building arm. PN-EDG invests in young people to foster personal transformation and generational social change. PN-EDG staff support and build capacity for CNCA schools in achieving their vision. The organizations are grounded in the beliefs that public education is a civil right and all students deserve an excellent education that will prepare them for success in life. At CNCA/PN-EDG, we recognize that lower income and immigrant communities often face institutional and cultural barriers that create impediments to students’ success, and that an excellent education must eliminate these barriers. We integrate a strong focus on progressive, research-based academics with a holistic, place-based approach to serving our students. Since opening its doors in 2001, CNCA has grown to 8 schools and nearly 3,500 students. Our goal is that by 2022, 2,000 CNCA graduates will be equipped with the skills, knowledge, and worldview necessary to be literate, critical thinkers and independent problem solvers. As a result of this success, 90% will have been accepted to, 80% will have attended and 60% will have graduated from a 4-year college within 6 years. Organizational Leadership Capacities We believe that every individual who works at the Camino Nuevo Charter Academy Home Support Office must embody key mindsets and possess foundational skills to contribute to the organizational leadership of the organization. _Mindsets_ Commitment to and belief in CNCA’s mission and vision Belief in and embodiment the CNCA Anchors in all aspects of the work Commitment to the vision of a progressive, socially-just education and is able to inspire others towards that vision Solution orientation and belief in supporting others to be the same Commitment to an asset-based, capacity-building approach Commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion _Skills_ Ability to support an inclusive, positive and high performing culture Ability to take ownership in the day-to-day and overall success of the organization Ability to think critically, use sound judgment and problem solve Ability to work independently and proactively and to seek support and guidance when appropriate Strong organizational and time management skills, with an ability to prioritize competing projects in a fast-paced, fluid environment Effective collaboration with individuals at all levels of the organization Respect, humility and discretion to work effectively with all stakeholders, including colleagues, families and members of the community Strong self-awareness and ability to reflect Responsibilities The Opportunity Under general supervision of the Director of Technology, the Network and Systems Administrator will design and maintain network and other systems to ensure that technology standards and industry best practices are in place for operational excellence. Responsibilities: Essential Functions Strategy and Vision Setting Responsibilities Contribute to the development and implementation of strategic plan for the ongoing success of the Information Technology team. Contribute to the research on and development of a cohesive plan for the deployment and maintenance of the CNCA network and its components internally and externally. Collaborate on the development structures and processes to increase the level of excellence across the use of all network resources available to CNCA. Monitor the effectiveness of network and server services through the use of key metrics. Develop a communication and escalation plan to distribute key metrics. Elevate challenges that arise within the network associated with wireless, internal/external, server, software and client-based issues, work with Director of Technology to inform and improve work. Understand and navigate the political, social, economic, legal, and cultural context facing urban charter schools and the students they serve. Team Leadership and Performance Management Collaborate to develop and facilitate long-tem, substantive, coherent professional development plans to position school leaders and home support office leaders for data-driven decision making Set ambitious personal and professional goals and model relentless effort toward these goals. Effectively manage all networking processes with excellence. Knowledge transfer to team for systems that require support. Administrative Management and Compliance Responsibilities Ensure that all network/server and school systems functions and are effectively used and meet high expectations (CNCA maintains a Cisco/Aruba/Windows network environment) Ensure that all systems used by CNCA schools are functioning for the schools use with minimal downtime. Ensure compliance related to employee/student data backup, retention and internet safety. Contribute to creation, preparation and presentation of regular status reports related to day-to-day, network environment, end of life for network and server equipment and future needs that may have a budgetary impact. Establish relationships with outside agencies related to support the maintenance and repair of network systems Create, maintain and modify software, scripts and network policies used by CNCA Ensure that all network system functions and projects are effectively carried out and meet high expectations Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusion or abuse Configure and maintain new services as needed Assist with handling help desk tickets and ensure timely resolution Communicate effectively orally and in writing Other duties as assigned Qualifications Experience Bachelor’s Degree necessary At least 3-5 years’ experience in area of responsibility Experience or commitment to working on a team as well as working across teams