Job Description Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. a leading provider of technology solutions and payment processing services primarily for the financial services industry is seeking a Systems/Network Administrator for our growing team! The selected candidate will support the activities of monitoring, modifying and maintaining systems for acceptable availability, stability and response time to customers. Systems include, but are not limited to, data center, network, operating system, client network infrastructure, mail server, and network monitoring systems. The ideal candidate for this role will have the ability to effectively communicate with business units outside of IT, have a solid process driven focus and can provide exceptional customer service. If selected, you will work with a team of highly trained and experienced individuals located in various locations around the country. They collaborate well and enjoy a flexible working environment. This position can be located in Monett, MO, Springfield, MO, Houston, TX, Omaha, NE, or Mendota Heights, MN. MINIMUM QUALIFICAT IONS Minimum 12 months networking experience. Technical Support experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Ability to learn and use professional concepts Ability to work on projects of limited scope and complexity. Ability to follow standard practices and procedures in analyzing situation from which answers can be readily obtained. Basic knowledge of IT infrastructure concepts and principles. Basic communication and customer interaction skills. Basic knowledge of products offered by JHA. Able to troubleshoot and resolve customer problems in a timely manner. Able to monitor, modify and maintain assigned system(s) in support of optimal performance and availability. Associate's or Bachelor’s Degree. Certifications – CompTIA Network+, CCT, CCENT, CCNA. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Monitors systems for optimum performance and availability. Installs, configures and maintains systems, such as LAN, WAN, Internet and/or data networks. Implements system enhancements (software and hardware updates) that will improve the performance and reliability of the system. Troubleshoots and resolves customer and internally-reported system problems. Implements and monitors corporate security policies. Documents and implements system procedures, policies and events. Participates in on-call 24x7 support rotation. Assists in performing essential functions required for effective system backup and restore testing. Assists in performing periodic recovery testing of DR plans. May manage data access and data permissions. Assists in managing user accounts. May assist support groups with applications installed on various servers. Equal Employment Opportunity _Applicants for U.S. based positions with Jack Henry & Associates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position._ _Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace._ _Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply._