The UCCC Senior Business Analyst position in the Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center (HDFCCC) is responsible for supporting the transformation of clinical and operational processes by providing analytic insight on areas of improvement in clinical operations and analysis of data, specific to the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center and the University of California Cancer Consortium (UCCC). In collaboration with other Departments within UCSF, the Institute for Computational Health Sciences, and staff at the other UC Comprehensive Cancer Centers, the incumbent will be part of a systematic approach to maintaining and enhancing the quality of patient care, using evidence-based practices and critical thought to improve patient outcomes. The UCCC Senior Business Analyst has advanced technical skills, is able to manage complex and iterative projects and has the business experience to understand and communicate with non-technical users. Projects involve relationships with a variety of teams, including Physicians and frontline staff, Business Intelligence and IT, Population Health Analytics and Decision Support Services: interest in partnership across the continuum is critical. Excitement about being part of a team that will transform cancer into a manageable disease and cure it when possible is essential. Healthcare reform and systems management paradigms have driven a substantial increase in the variety and volume of data; explore this foundational, growth- oriented opportunity to implement healthcare analytics at UCSF Health and transform the way we deliver care. Required Qualifications Five years experience in business intelligence reporting, data mining, data analysis, and/or statistical analysis Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training In-depth knowledge of business intelligence functions, advanced analytics, industry standards and best practices Advanced knowledge and skill in internal databases, BI applications, tools, and systems such as SQL and APeX/Epic Highly proficient in all MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access) and database applications Advanced critical thinking and problem-solving skills to manage highly-complex information, assess problems, and develop effective solutions Advanced organizational and project management skills Advanced written and verbal communication skills with the ability to convey complex information in a clear, concise manner; ability to produce and deliver presentations to diverse audiences Advanced interpersonal skills for effective collaboration with managers, professional and technical staff Ability to serve as an advanced technical leader providing advice, counsel, and analysis on business intelligence issues Strong initiative and ability to work independently as well as in a team environment Discretion, confidentiality, tact, and ability to deal with sensitive data involving patient health information Ability to demonstrate excellent judgment, attention to process and detail Familiarity with health care environment The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications Master’s Degree in statistics, epidemiology, public health, operations research, computers/systems engineering or other relevant field; or equivalent work experience Prior Academic Medical Center experience One Epic Clarity module (preferred: Ambulatory or Inpatient) Demonstrated knowledge of key clinical quality standards (CMS QI standards and other regulatory requirements) Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve. LI-AN1