One of the nation’s largest and most respected hospital management companies, Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Steadily growing since its inception to an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, UHS today has annual revenues of $10 billion and 83,000 employees. In 2018, UHS was recognized for the eighth consecutive year as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; and in 2017, ranked 276 on the Fortune 500, and listed 275 in Forbes inaugural ranking of America’s Top 500 Public Companies. Our operating philosophy is as effective today as it was 40 years ago: Build or acquire high quality hospitals in rapidly growing markets, invest in the people and equipment needed to allow each facility to thrive, and become the leading healthcare provider in each community we serve. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has more than 83,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates more than 320 acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities and ambulatory centers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom. The Corporate IS Department is seeking a dynamic and talented Associate Data Architect. The Associate Data Architect develops expertise with ERP data, indexes, keys, views and relationships in an ERP database. Analyzes and documents business process flows, working closely with a variety of HR/IT disciplines and subject matter experts, to help create efficiencies with additional or improved automation. Creates reports and queries using SQL based development tools and implements SQL based process flows. Interfaces with the user community and provides end-user support while troubleshooting issues as needed. Key Responsibilities include: Key Responsibilities include: Participates in the analysis of business process flows and requirements to implement and support automated solutions that improve efficiency and effectively accomplish desired objectives. Diagnoses interface and front-end application issues and improves overall function and data entry integrity. Designs complex queries and other reports, as needed. Implements changes to existing codebase to add or improve functionality of applications and workflows. Utilizes data structures and algorithms to write quality and extensible code. Monitors and supports application maintenance and enhancements by performing unit tests, code review and version control. Provides documentation as required regarding application configurations, problem solving resolutions, procedures and scripts. Position Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science. Motivated to learn new applications and business operations. Knowledge in SQL programming. Ability to interpret customer needs in development of application and operational requirements. Organized and self-motivated with strong communication skills. Java and JavaScript knowledge is highly desirable, but not required. Ability to maintain confidential information is mandatory. This opportunity provides the following: Challenging and rewarding work environment Growth and development opportunities within UHS and its subsidiaries Competitive Compensation Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plan 401k plan with company match Generous Paid Time Off UHS is a registered trademark of UHS of Delaware, Inc., the management company for Universal Health Services, Inc. and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Health Services, Inc. Universal Health Services, Inc. is a holding company and operates through its subsidiaries including its management company, UHS of Delaware, Inc. All healthcare and management operations are conducted by subsidiaries of Universal Health Services, Inc. To the extent any reference to "UHS or UHS facilities" on this website including any statements, articles or other publications contained herein relates to our healthcare or management operations it is referring to Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Further, the terms "we," "us," "our" or "the company" in such context similarly refer to the operations of Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Any employment referenced in this website is not with Universal Health Services, Inc. but solely with one of its subsidiaries including but not limited to UHS of Delaware, Inc. UHS is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at UHS via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of UHS. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by UHS as a result of the referral or through other means.