Job Information Job Summary: The Center for Data Intensive Science is looking for a Linux System Administrator to join our systems team that designs, configures, manages, and supports our large-scale cloud computing infrastructure. We currently operate 25000+ cores and 15+ PB of storage, built primarily on commodity hardware running GNU/Linux. The focus of this role is infrastructure operations. This includes deploying new systems, automation, monitoring infrastructure, troubleshooting issues, processing RMAs, and benchmarking. Candidate will be expected to support the growth of our existing large physical infrastructure in a hybrid model with public clouds in a secure, stable, and maintainable manner. The ideal candidate is detail-oriented and enjoys working on all aspects of computer systems from low-level hardware to automating virtual machine deployments. The successful candidate will have a keen sense of how to automate tasks and work efficiently. This position requires excellent communication skills and working with a multi-disciplinary team. The role will stay abreast of broad technical knowledge of existing and emerging technologies, including public cloud offerings from Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud. Make purchasing recommendations based on knowledge of new developments and offerings from the industry. Responsibilities: Deploying new systems Automation Monitoring infrastructure Troubleshooting issues Processing RMAs Benchmarking _This at-will position is wholly or partially funded by contractual grant funding which is renewed under provisions set by the grantor of the contract._ _Employment will be contingent upon the continued receipt of these grant funds and satisfactory job performance._ Competencies: Ability to lead across a collaborative team environment required. Ability and willingness to acquire new programming languages, statistical and computational methods, and background in research area required. Ability to prioritize and manage workload to meet critical project milestones and deadlines required. Confidentiality related to sensitive matters such as strategic initiatives, trade secrets, quiet periods, and scientific discoveries yet to be put in the public domain. Ability to take a broad plan and break it into incremental tasks and oversee the completion of each task Ability to come into a team used to minimal supervision and oversight and ensure accountability for deliverables and outcomes Ability to persuade others to adapt new structures or systems in order to meet objectives Additional Requirements Education, Experience and Certifications: Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field OR four (4) years of Linux systems administration experience required. Advanced degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, engineering, or a relevant quantitative field preferred Experience: Minimum of two (2) years of Linux systems administration experience required. Experience with Linux scripting and/or programming required. Experience replacing and installing rack-mounted hardware and components required. Familiarity with virtualization required. Experience with data center operations preferred. Experience with monitoring and metrics technologies, such as Icinga, ElasticSearch Logstash and Kibana (ELK) stack, Graphite, or Grafana preferred. Experience with automation technologies, such as Chef or Salt preferred. Experience with cloud software stacks such as OpenStack, Amazon AWS or Hadoop preferred. Experience with ElasticSearch preferred. Experience with distributed file systems, preferably object stores such as Cleversafe or Ceph preferred. Experience with Git preferred. Experience with secured environments or protected data preferred. Required Documents: Resume NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-05-11-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2018-11-11-08:00