Position Overview In the role of Systems Administrator, I, individuals will be responsible for the implementation and support of companywide systems environments (Retail Systems, Core Systems, Business Platforms). Support will be provided onsite, remotely, over the phone, or via email. Individuals will be working closely with Technology leadership, IT peers to ensure needs and expectations of organizational stake holders, business partners, external customers, and third-party organizations are met and/or exceeded. Key Responsibilities: Work with internal customers to evaluate and solve technical problems Provides support for multiple systems environments required for proper change management compliance. Performs or administers software and/or network administration; including configuration, updates, patches, and hotfixes in conjunction with SaaS partners. Provides systems capacity planning, uptime and performance metrics. Executes actions necessary to achieve and maintain optimum systems configuration and compliance. Propose design, implement configurations, and maintains systems security via appropriate data and configuration standards. Configures and tests communication between retail/business software and systems. Acts as a systems subject matter expert and liaison to business users and technology partners. Serves as an escalation point for production and/or system issues and acts as lead liaison with various partner Technical Support organizations to resolve outstanding issues within the environments. Creates policies and procedures and updates documentation to meet compliance requirements. Provides production support as necessitated by application/platform requirements. Excellent knowledge of systems and all components including network management, User Management, system management etc. Good oral and written communications, interpersonal, and organizational skills required. Basic Qualifications: 3+ years of experience working with systems and software technology. Superb communication (verbal and written), interpersonal, organizational, and presentation skills Experience with the installation and maintenance of systems and software in SaaS environments Ability to recognize, analyze, and effectively troubleshoot technical problems in a timely and organized manner using industry best practices/procedures and critical thinking skillsets. Exposure to regulatory and compliance processes and requirements, such as PCI or SOX. Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Self-motivation and goal orientation; must be resourceful and able to take initiative in a dynamic environment Experience working with the enterprise service management ITIL processes (Service, Incidents, Changes, Configuration items). Ability to learn and understand the functional and technical elements of MOD’s technology solutions Able to demonstrate strong professional customer service skills and focus. Preferred Qualifications Experience with back office systems; Restaurant Magic, CrunchTime, CTuit. Physical Requirements Office Semi-Technical work involves remaining in a stationary position most of the time in front of a computer, using a keyboard, mouse and telephone. Regularly operate a computer and other office equipment. Occasionally move about the work site to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc. Exert up to 10 lbs. of force occasionally, and/or a negligible amount of force frequently to handle or move objects. Semi-regularly positioning oneself (e.g., stand, walk, stoop, bend, twist, kneel, crouch) to set up, install, and repair computer equipment. Systems & Network Admin/Engineers regularly handle or move objects weighing up to 20 lbs.; occasionally up to 40lbs (team lift okay). Deskside Support regularly handle or move objects weighing up to 40 lbs. Communicate or exchange information with co-workers and other individuals in person or electronically. This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. Want to help us spread MODness? Apply today! Our largely diverse community of MOD Squaders plays a huge role in making MOD a place that is welcoming to people from all backgrounds and walks of life. It is our mission to build up communities that empower and inspire one another, celebrating our differences and appreciating all that we each have to offer. In this regard, MOD is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. MOD recruits, hires, trains, promotes, compensates, and administers all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law.