Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Suitability: Job Family: Information Technology Job Description: Maintains smooth operation of multi-user computer systems, including coordination with network engineers. Sets up administrator and service accounts, maintains system documentation, tunes system performance, installs system-wide software, and allocates mass storage space. Interacts with users and evaluates vendor products. Makes recommendations to purchase hardware and software, coordinates installation, and provides backup recovery. Develops and monitors policies and standards for allocation related to the use of computing resources. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BS +6 yrs related work experience May require on-call, shift, weekend and evening work. Install, investigate and resolve routine and complex matters of significance with computer software and hardware equipment. Analyzes, logs, tracks and resolves complex software/hardware matters of significance pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, servers, and applications to meet business needs. Coordinates hardware/software installations and upgrades to ensure work is properly performed in accordance with company policy. Recommends resolution to complex matters of significance and coordinates the implementation of the approved course of action. Coordinates and monitors troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems; documents system events to ensure continuous functioning. Recommends course of action and implements as approved. Oversees the installation of client department-specific applications and systems. Ensures installations are in accordance with appropriate operating procedures; determines revisions or updates to installation as needed. Coordinates testing, upgrades and configuration of system files and services. Ensures changes are in accordance with appropriate operating procedures; recommends revisions or changes based upon results. Prepares for and prescribes approaches to possible downstream implications. Utilizes standard corporate tools to record change and problem activities for tracking purposes. Specific Job Requirements: Remedy/Help desk experience. Experience troubleshooting networking connectivity issues, printer, servers, and applications to meet business needs. Provide support for the following: PC security, networking, PC hardware, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008, Active Directory, group policies. Monitor, maintain and inventory network infrastructure, network systems, and components, system admin and desktop systems with associated peripheral equipment. Apply patches, updates, and upgrades to servers, workstations and stored images. Perform network scans as requested or required. MUST HAVE Skills: Experience with Windows 7 and above Experience with Windows Server 2008 and above Experience using Active Directory, Group Policies, Remedy/Help Desk experience and ability to troubleshoot network connectivity issues. NICE TO HAVE Skills: Altiris ACAS Clearance Requirement: Must have Secret to Start Work Required Baseline Certs: IAT Level II (CCNA Security or GSA+ or GICSP or GSEC or Security+ce or SSCP) of Openings: 0 Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 T elecommuting Options: Work Location: USA WA Oak Harbor - 3665 N Princeton St (WAC013) Additional Work Locations: _CSRA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status._