The Clinical Investigations Support Office (CISO) at USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center is looking for a Regulatory Manager. The Regulatory Manager will coordinate preparation of new protocols for submission to the Research Committee (IRB) through the iStar system and subsequently submit protocol revisions and amendments. Annually the manager will submit protocol Continuing Reviews to the IRB. This individual is responsible for ensuring adherence to clinical research regulatory standards as dictated by the FDA, the National Cancer Institute, the USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center, sponsoring pharmaceutical companies, and other federal agencies. This individual works independently on a day to day basis, but is supervised by the CISO Assistant Director of Regulatory Affairs. This person is responsible also to the Director of the Clinical Investigations Support Office and the Cancer Center physicians for whom applications are submitted. Specific Job Functions I. Research A. All Trials After new trials are approved by the Clinical Investigations Committee (CIC), will promptly initiate the on-line iStar application to the Research Committee (IRB). Initiates tracking of the approval process in the Cancer Center database. When requested by PI, initiates IND application to the FDA. Will follow progress of on-line submission. Will remind investigators to sign off on submission approval if not done within a few days. Will promptly initiate response to any IRB stipulations or assist investigators in formulating a response. On notice of final IRB approval, will notify café database person so that protocol and Informed Consents can be posted on web site and the set up for patient registration can be initiated. Protocol will also be added to the Protocol Priority List in order for all research staff and investigators to have a list of open trials. Submits promptly any revisions or amendments and Continuing Reviews to the IRB. Gives approved amendments/revisions to database staff for updating the web site. Ensures that External Serious Adverse Events are submitted from sponsors At all times, keeps Study File updated for source document tracking (sponsor correspondence, revisions, IRB correspondence.) Prepares Regulatory files for sponsor site visit review on request Notifies research staff of study accrual closure. At study termination, closes study in IRB Stores records for 15 years after termination. B. Industry and Investigator Initiated Trials with Industry Support On learning of new trial to be opened at USC Cancer Center, will ensure that Clinical Trials Office (CTO) has a copy of the study to begin contract negotiations. Assemble documents for sponsor such as 1572, signed protocol, CVs and laboratory certificates for all hospitals. On notice of IRB approval, will do the following: a. Submit approval documents to the sponsor b. Interact with CTO (if Industry sponsored) to determine if contract officially signed. c. Give Sponsor contact information to research pharmacist to ensure that investigational drugs are available C. Cooperative Group Trials Submits modified iStar application to the IRB Submits study to the Central IRB (CIRB) with Spanish version of IC For Continuing Review yearly will submit CIRB approvals to IRB to have date stamped on Informed Consent. Submits signed CTSU form to CTSU D. Consortium Trials The Consortium Coordinator from City of Hope notifies investigators of new trials to be opened. Investigators will request Regulatory manager to open. Sends IRB approvals (initial, amendments, etc) to Consortium Coordinator. With IRB approval, notifies pharmacist to submit drug request to NCI for drug shipment. If USC investigator initiates/writes the protocol, all correspondence to CTEP must go through Consortium Coordinator. All amendments will need to be submitted to CTEP and approved before submitting to IRB. II. General Will observe office etiquette, by interacting courteously and professionally with fellow CISO Staff. III. Requirements Medical Knowledge Able to communicate well verbally and in written correspondence Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Ability to work well with many people and in different disciplines Obtains certificates for Human Subjects, GCP and HIPAA