OPERATIONS SPECIALIST Systems & Methods, Inc. (SMI) SMI is one of the most highly regarded technology producers in the human services field. We develop state-of-the-art solutions for complex human service operations. To maintain our prominence in this competitive industry, SMI recruits individuals who are technical, creative, client-focused, and most importantly willing to go the _Extra Mile_. With over 40 years as a family- owned business, SMI considers its employees part of an extended family. Our culture is one of team work, dedication, empowerment, and a strong emphasis on work-life balance. We offer an optimal atmosphere for career growth and achievement, while remaining competitive in terms of compensation and benefits. We are a multi-state operations and administrative private company with a staff of over 600 employees throughout the United States. We depend on the expertise of our SMI team to support and develop the very best systems and product lines in the industry. If you are looking for a meaningful and fulfilling career, we hope that you will consider SMI. Position Overview The Operations Specialist is responsible for assisting the Production Operations Manager and other SDU (State Disbursement Unit) Management in a variety of tasks within the SDU Operation, including; mail opening, document extraction and imaging, Will process payments in the SDU applications and all in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures. In addition, the Operations Specialist will be responsible for other duties as assigned. Must maintain a general understanding of policies and procedures Possess strong interpersonal skills using tact, patience and courtesy Understand modern office practices, procedures and equipment Maintain the ability to collect, research, organize and analyze data Possess the ability to work as a team member, but also independently at times with limited direction Successful at working in a fast-paced environment Maintain flexibility and/or the ability to work overtime as needed in order to meet stringent schedules and time lines We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are a Drug Free Workplace. IND1 Qualifications Education Required High School or better. Experience Required 1 year: Experience in the areas of data entry, or other related field. Will accept equivalent combination of education and experience that provides the knowledge, skills and abilities needed to perform the duties assigned Experience in SDU (State Disbursement Unit) applications highly preferred Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office